<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-002585.txt : 20250116
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-002585.hdr.sgml : 20250116
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250116172915
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-002585
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		19
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250116
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250116
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250116

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AGRIFORCE GROWING SYSTEMS LTD.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001826397
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PREFABRICATED METAL BUILDINGS & COMPONENTS [3448]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			A1
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40578
		FILM NUMBER:		25536496

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		800-525 WEST 8TH AVENUE
		CITY:			VANCOUVER
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V5Z 1C6
		BUSINESS PHONE:		1-866-226-3514

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		800-525 WEST 8TH AVENUE
		CITY:			VANCOUVER
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V5Z 1C6
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false0001826397A100018263972025-01-162025-01-16iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 16, 2025

AGRIFORCE
GROWING SYSTEMS, LTD.

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)

British
Columbia 001-40578 NA

(State
or other jurisdiction

of
incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(IRS
Employer

Identification
No.)

800-525
West 8th Avenue

Vancouver,
BC, Canada V5Z
1C6

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (604)757-0952

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
Shares AGRI The
Nasdaq Capital Market

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS

This
Form 8-K and other reports filed by Registrant from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission (collectively, the Filings)
contain or may contain forward-looking statements and information that are based upon beliefs of, and information currently available
to, Registrants management as well as estimates and assumptions made by Registrants management. When used in the Filings
the words anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, future, intend,
plan or the negative of these terms and similar expressions as they relate to Registrant or Registrants management
identify forward-looking statements. Such statements reflect the current view of Registrant with respect to future events and are subject
to risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors relating to Registrants industry, Registrants operations and results
of operations and any businesses that may be acquired by Registrant. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize,
or should the underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may differ significantly from those anticipated, believed, estimated,
expected, intended or planned.

Although
Registrant believes that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, Registrant cannot guarantee future
results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the
United States, Registrant does not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results.

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

On
January 16, 2025, AgriForce Growing Systems, Ltd. (the Company) entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (SPA)
with institutional investors (Investors) with an initial purchase of $7.7 million principal amount of debentures (Debentures)
and accompanying warrants (Warrants) and up to an additional $42.3 million principal amount of Debentures and accompanying
Warrants. Under the SPA, the Company expects to receive an initial amount of $7.0 million (gross of fees which will be deducted from
that amount) on January 16, 2025 and has the right to receive up to an additional aggregate of $42.3 million principal amount, in one or multiple tranches, subject to certain conditions, at then-current market prices. The SPA contains industry standard
representations and warranties and negative covenants, including, but not limited to, limitations upon the amounts of indebtedness and
other securities which may be incurred and issued by the Company under certain circumstances as set forth in the SPA.

The
initial conversion price of the Debentures is $2.62 per share. The Debentures are due in 12 months from January 16, 2025, which may be
extended for an additional six month period by the Company by paying, at the end of the 12th month of the term of the Debentures,
six months of interest at the rate of 8% per annum. The Debentures are subject to a 10% original issue discount and bear interest at
5% for the first 12 months, and 8% until maturity. The Debentures amortize over a 25 month period commencing on April 1, 2025, and the
monthly amortization of the Debentures are payable in cash or stock thereafter at the option of the Company. The Company can only elect
to pay the monthly amortization in stock if certain equity conditions, as set forth in the Debentures, are met, which include, but are
not limited to, for each Trading Day in a period of 20 consecutive Trading Days prior to the applicable date in question, the daily trading
volume for the Common Stock on the principal Trading Market exceeds $750,000 per Trading Day, the Company is not in default of any of
its obligations under the Debentures, there is an effective registration statement for the resale of shares issuable under the Debentures,
and the Company is in compliance with all Nasdaq listing requirements. The Debentures contain commercially standard events of default
and covenants and the like. As a result, the conversion/exercise price on the Companys remaining June 2022 Debentures ratcheted
down to the new initial price of $2.62 and as a result thereof, the prior $10.00 (post split) floor is no longer applicable.

In
addition, the Investors have received 3.5-year Warrants with 65% warrant coverage at an initial exercise price of $2.882 per share, subject
to customary adjustments, including a price ratchet (to the price of the new issuance) if it issues its common shares at a price less
than the then in effect exercise price and are subject to standard pro rata dilution for reverse stock splits and the like. The Debentures
have the same dilution protection as the Warrants.

Both
the Debentures and Warrants contain exercise limitations upon an Investor beneficially owning more than either 4.99% or 9.99% of the
Companys common shares and also contain caps upon the total amount of common shares issuable upon conversion of the Debentures
and exercise of the Warrants of 19.9% of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company at the time of the closing of the transactions,
until shareholder approval of both the financing transaction, including all subsequent tranches of the financing, consistent with Nasdaq
rules.

The
Company has entered into a Registration Rights Agreement with the Investors to register the shares issuable upon conversion of the Debentures
and exercise of the Warrants with a registration statement to be filed on Form S-1 no later than 30 days from January 16, 2025 (or any
subsequent closing) and effective no later than 60 days from January 16, 2025 (or the date of any subsequent closing; or 90 days, if
there is full SEC review). Penalties for missing those deadlines are equal to 2% of the subscription amount per month up to 10% of the
subscription amount.

The
Companys obligations under the Debentures are secured by a first lien on the Companys assets. 

The
Companys subsidiaries have also entered into subsidiary guarantees pursuant to which each guarantees the performance of the Company
of its obligations under the SPA and related instruments. Each of the officers and directors has also entered into a lockup agreement
to not sell any common shares of the Company owned by each such person for one year from January 16, 2025 (subject to the ability to
sell shares received by each as the result of an employment agreement at any time).

All
of the Debentures and Warrants sold under the SPA are sold in private placement transactions exempt from registration under Section 4(a)(2)
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

The
summaries of the SPA and other instruments discussed herein are intended as summaries only and are subject to and qualified by the terms
of the forms of the instruments which are filed herewith as Exhibits.

Maxim
Group LLC acted as financial advisor on the transaction.

Item
2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation

See
Item 1.01 above.

Item
3.02 Unregistered Sale of Equity Securities

See
Item 3.02 above.

Item
9.01 Exhibit

10.1 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement

10.2 Form of Debenture

10.3 Form of Warrant

10.4 Form of Registration Rights Agreement

10.5 Form of Subsidiary Guaranty

10.6 Form of Security Agreement

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

Date:
January 16, 2025

AGRIFORCE
GROWING SYSTEMS, LTD. 

By: /s/
Jolie Kahn 

Name: Jolie
Kahn, CEO
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
EXHIBIT
10.1

SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This
Securities Purchase Agreement (this Agreement) is dated as of January __, 2025, between AgriFORCE Growing Systems
Ltd., a British Columbia corporation (the Company), and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto
(each, including its successors and assigns, a Purchaser and collectively, the Purchasers).

WHEREAS,
subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act (as defined below),
and Rule 506 promulgated thereunder, the Company desires to issue and sell to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser, severally and not jointly,
desires to purchase from the Company, securities of the Company as more fully described in this Agreement.

NOW,
THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt
and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser agree as follows:

ARTICLE
I.

DEFINITIONS

1.1
Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement: (a) capitalized terms that are not otherwise defined
herein have the meanings given to such terms in the Debentures (as defined herein), and (b) the following terms have the meanings set
forth in this Section 1.1:

Acquiring
Person shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.7.

Action
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(j).

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized
or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee
or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority
so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York are generally
open for use by customers on such day.

Closing
means each closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to Section 2.1.

Closing
Date means, as to each Closing, the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered
by the applicable parties thereto, and all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchasers obligations to pay the Subscription Amount
and (ii) the Companys obligations to deliver the Securities, in each case, have been satisfied or waived. If Purchaser does not
pay the Subscription Amount on or before 11 AM ET on January 16, 2025, the Company may terminate this Agreement with the Purchaser which
has so not paid the Subscription Amount with no further obligation or penalty.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, no par value per share, and any other class of securities into which such securities
may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Company
Counsel means Jolie Kahn, Esq., who is also Chief Executive Officer of the Company.

Conversion
Price shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Debentures.

Conversion
Shares shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Debentures.

Debentures
means the 5% Original Issue Discount Senior Secured Convertible Debentures due, subject to the terms therein, 12 months from their date
of issuance (subject to extension a set forth therein), issued by the Company to the Purchasers hereunder, in the form of Exhibit
A attached hereto.

Disclosure
Schedules shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1.

Disclosure
Time means, (i) if this Agreement is signed on a day that is not a Trading Day or after 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) and
before midnight (New York City time) on any Trading Day, 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately following the
date hereof, , and (ii) if this Agreement is signed between midnight (New York City time) and 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on any Trading
Day, no later than 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the date hereof.

2 

Effective
Date means the earliest of the date that (a) the initial Registration Statement has been declared effective by the Commission,
(b) all of the Underlying Shares have been sold pursuant to Rule 144 or may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without the requirement for
the Company to be in compliance with the current public information required under Rule 144 and without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions,
(c) following the one year anniversary of the Closing Date provided that a holder of the Underlying Shares is not an Affiliate of the
Company or (d) all of the Underlying Shares may be sold pursuant to an exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(1) of the Securities
Act without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions and Company Counsel has delivered to such holders a standing written unqualified opinion
that resales may then be made by such holders of the Underlying Shares pursuant to such exemption which opinion shall be in form and
substance reasonably acceptable to such holders.

Evaluation
Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(s).

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exempt
Issuance means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock or options to employees, officers, directors or consultants of the
Company pursuant to any stock or option plan duly adopted for such purpose, by a majority of the non-employee members of the Board of
Directors or a majority of the members of a committee of non-employee directors established for such purpose for services rendered to
the Company, provided, such plan shall not include a number of shares greater than 20% of the number of shares of Common Stock issued
and outstanding on the date hereof, which number of shares is 310,059, (b) securities upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion
of any Securities issued hereunder, warrants to the Placement Agent in connection with the transactions pursuant to this Agreement and
any securities upon exercise of warrants to the Placement Agent, and/or other securities exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible
into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date of this Agreement, provided that such securities have not been amended
since the date of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange price or conversion
price of such securities (other than in connection with stock splits or combinations) or to extend the term of such securities, (c) securities
issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic transactions approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company, provided
that such securities are issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that
require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith during the prohibition period in Section 4.13(a) herein,
and provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equityholders of a Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries,
an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the business of the Company and shall provide to the Company
additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities
primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing in securities, (d) securities set forth
on the Master Schedule of Excluded Securities and Indebtedness appended hereto; (e) common shares issued pursuant to an At the Market
Offering Transaction, so long as 50% of the proceeds (net of commission) are paid pro rata against the amounts due under the Notes; and
(f).shares issued in one or more public offerings with minimum gross proceeds in the aggregate of $3 million, so long as 50% of the proceeds
(net of offering costs) are paid pro rata against the amounts due under the Notes.

FCPA
means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

3 

Financial
Advisor means The Maxim Group, LLC.

GAAP
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Indebtedness
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(bb).

Intellectual
Property Rights shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(o).

Legend
Removal Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.1(c).

Liens
means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

Lock-Up
Agreement means the Lock-Up Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and among the Company and the directors, officers,
and 10% stockholders of the Company, in the form of Exhibit G attached hereto.

Material
Adverse Effect shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1(b).

Material
Permits shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(m).

Maximum
Rate shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 5.17.

Participation
Maximum shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.12(a).

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Pledged
Securities means any and all certificates and other instruments representing or evidencing all of the capital stock and other
equity interests of the Subsidiaries.

Pre-Notice
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.12(b).

Principal
Amount means, as to each Purchaser, the amounts set forth below such Purchasers signature block on the signature pages
hereto next to the heading Principal Amount, in United States Dollars, which shall equal such Purchasers Subscription
Amount multiplied by 1.10.

Pro
Rata Portion shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.12(e).

4 

Proceeding
means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

Public
Information Failure shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.3(b).

Public
Information Failure Payments shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.3(b).

Purchaser
Party shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.10.

Registration
Rights Agreement means the Registration Rights Agreement, dated on or about the date hereof, among the Company and the Purchasers,
in the form of Exhibit B attached hereto.

Registration
Statement means a registration statement meeting the requirements set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement and covering
the resale of the Underlying Shares by each Purchaser as provided for in the Registration Rights Agreement.

Required
Approvals shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e).

Required
Holder means any purchaser of at least Two Million Seven Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($2,750,000) of Debentures on the initial
Closing Date.

Required
Minimum means, as of any date, the maximum aggregate number of shares of Common Stock then issued or potentially issuable
in the future pursuant to the Transaction Documents, including any Underlying Shares issuable upon exercise in full of all Warrants or
conversion in full of all Debentures (including Underlying Shares issuable as payment of interest on the Debentures), ignoring any conversion
or exercise limits set forth therein, and assuming that the Conversion Price is at all times on and after the date of determination 75%
of the then Conversion Price on the Trading Day immediately prior to the date of determination.

Rule
144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to
time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same effect as such Rule.

Rule
424 means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

SEC
Reports shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h)

Securities
means the Debentures, the Warrants, the Warrant Shares and the Underlying Shares.

5 

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Shareholder
Approval means such approval as may be required by the applicable rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Stock Market (or any
successor entity) from the shareholders of the Company with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, including
the issuance of all of the Underlying Shares in excess of 19.99% of the issued and outstanding Common Stock on the Closing Date.

Short
Sales means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be
deemed to include locating and/or borrowing shares of Common Stock).

Subscription
Amount means, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be paid for Debentures and Warrants purchased hereunder as specified
below such Purchasers name on the signature page of this Agreement and next to the heading Subscription Amount,
in United States dollars and in immediately available funds.

Subsequent
Financing shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.12(a).

Subsequent
Financing Notice shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.12(b).

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company as set forth on Schedule 3.1(a) and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect
subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof.

Subsidiary
Guarantee means the Subsidiary Guarantee, dated the date hereof, by each Subsidiary in favor of the Purchasers, in the form
of Exhibit F attached hereto.

Trading
Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock
Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction
Documents means this Agreement, the Debentures, the Warrants, the Registration Rights Agreement, the Subsidiary Guarantee,
the Lock-Up Agreement, all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto and any other documents or agreements executed in connection with
the transactions contemplated hereunder.

Transfer
Agent means Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company. The transfer agents address and phone number is: 1 State
St 30th floor, New York, NY 10004, 212.509.4000.

6 

Underlying
Shares means the Warrant Shares and shares of Common Stock issued and issuable pursuant to the terms of the Debenture, including
without limitation, shares of Common Stock issued and issuable in lieu of the cash principal payments on the Debentures in accordance
with the terms of the Debentures, in each case without respect to any limitation or restriction on the conversion of the Debentures or
the exercise of the Warrants.

Variable
Rate Transaction shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.13(b).

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30
a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average
price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not
then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market (or
a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common
Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser
selected in good faith by the Purchasers of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the
Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Warrants
means, collectively, the Common Stock purchase warrants delivered to the Purchasers at each Closing in accordance with Section 2.2(a)
hereof, which Warrants shall be exercisable from the Effective Date and have a term of exercise equal to 42 months, in the form of Exhibit
C attached hereto.

Warrant
Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants.

ARTICLE
II.

PURCHASE
AND SALE

2.1
Closing. On the initial Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, substantially concurrent
with the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the parties hereto, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchasers, severally and
not jointly, agree to purchase, an aggregate of $7,000,000 in principal amount of the Debentures. Each Purchaser shall deliver to the
Company, via wire transfer, immediately available funds equal to such Purchasers Subscription Amount as set forth on the signature
page hereto executed by such Purchaser, and the Company shall deliver to each Purchaser its respective Debenture and a Warrant, as determined
pursuant to Section 2.2(a), and the Company and each Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable at
the Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, the Closing shall take place remotely
by electronic transfer of the Closing documentation.

7 

2.2
Deliveries.

(a)
On or prior to the initial Closing Date, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser the following:

(i)
this Agreement duly executed by the Company;

(ii)
a legal opinion of Company Counsel, substantially in the form of Exhibit D attached hereto;

(iii)
a Debenture with a principal amount equal to 1.10 times such Purchasers Subscription Amount, registered in the name of such Purchaser;

(iv)
a Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser to purchase up to a number of shares of Common Stock equal to 65% of such Purchasers
Conversion Shares on the Closing Date, with an exercise price equal to 110% of the Conversion Price, subject to adjustment therein;

(v)
the Company shall have provided each Purchaser with the Companys wire instructions, on Company letterhead and executed by the
Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer

(vi)
the Subsidiary Guarantee, duly executed by the parties thereto, the original Pledged Securities and corresponding stock powers;

(vii)
the Lock-Up Agreements; and

(viii)
the Registration Rights Agreement duly executed by the Company.

(b)
On or prior to the initial Closing Date, each Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company, the following:

(i)
this Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser;

(ii)
such Purchasers Subscription Amount by wire transfer to the account specified in writing by the Company; and

(iii)
the Registration Rights Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser.

8 

(c)
On each Additional Closing Date, subject to the conditions to the Additional Closing, the Company shall deliver:

(i)
a Debenture with a principal amount equal to 1.10 times such Purchasers Additional Subscription Amount, registered in the name
of such Purchaser;

(ii)
a Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser to purchase up to a number of shares of Common Stock equal to 65% of such Purchasers
Conversion Shares on the Additional Closing Date, with an exercise price equal to 110% of the Conversion Price, subject to adjustment
therein; and

(iii)
an Officers Certificate, executed by the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, certifying that the Company
has performed all covenants to be performed by it pursuant to the Transaction Documents, that all representations and warranties contained
in Article 3 hereof remain true and correct as of the date of the second Closing, and that no Event of Default (or event that with the
giving of notice or the passage of time could become an Event of Default) under the Debentures has occurred and is continuing.

(d)
On each Additional Closing Date, each subscribing Purchaser shall deliver to the Company such Purchasers Additional Subscription
Amount by wire transfer to the account specified in writing by the Company.

2.3
Closing Conditions.

(a)
The obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with each Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i)
the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality, in all respects)
on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained herein (unless as of a specific date therein in
which case they shall be accurate in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality,
in all respects) as of such date);

(ii)
all obligations, covenants and agreements of each Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been
performed; and

(iii)
the delivery by each Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement.

(b)
The respective obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in connection with each Closing are subject to the following conditions being
met:

(i)
the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse
Effect, in all respects) when made and on the applicable Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained
herein (unless as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate in all material respects or, to the extent representations
or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effects, in all respects) as of such date);

9 

(ii)
all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the applicable Closing Date shall have
been performed;

(iii)
as to the Additional Closing, the Company shall have obtained Shareholder Approval;

(iv)
no Issuer Covered Person shall have suffered a Disqualification Event (each as defined under Commission Rule 506);

(v)
the delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2(a) or 2.4 of this Agreement, as applicable;

(vi)
there shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company;

(vii)
from the date hereof to the Closing Date, trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the Commission or the Companys
principal Trading Market and, at any time prior to the Closing Date, trading in securities generally as reported by Bloomberg L.P. shall
not have been suspended or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on securities whose trades are reported by such
service, or on any Trading Market, nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared either by the United States or New York State authorities
nor shall there have occurred any material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or international calamity of such
magnitude in its effect on, or any material adverse change in, any financial market which, in each case, in the reasonable judgment of
such Purchaser, makes it impracticable or inadvisable to purchase the Securities at the Closing.

2.4
Additional Closings.

(a)
Required Holders Additional Investment. During the period beginning on the initial Closing Date and ending on the 18 month
anniversary of the initial Closing Date, the Required Holders (pro rata by initial Subscription Amounts) shall each, severally and not
jointly, have the right to purchase additional Debentures and Warrants from the Company, in minimum aggregate Subscription Amount tranches
of $1,000,000 each (or the remaining available Subscription Amount, if less), up to a total aggregate additional principal amount of
Debentures equal to $50,000,000, with the first $7,000,000 solely at the discretion of the Required Holders (in addition to the initial
$7,000,000 principal amount of Debentures) (each, an Additional Closing and the date, an Additional Closing Date
and the amount subscribed for, the Additional Subscription Amount). For the avoidance of doubt, Additional Closings greater
than $7,000,000 shall require mutual consent of the Required Holders and Company. The Required Holder(s) shall give the Company not less
than three Trading Days written notice of its/their intention to purchase additional Debentures and Warrants. The additional Debentures
and Warrants shall be identical to the initial Debentures and Warrants except that the Conversion Price and the Exercise Price shall
be 100% of the Nasdaq Official Closing Price on the Trading Day prior to the giving of notice by a Required Holder, and the Original
Issue Date and the Maturity Date of the Debentures and the Initial Exercise Date and Termination Date of the Warrants shall be from the
applicable Additional Closing Date, and the initial Monthly Redemption of the additional Debentures shall be the first day of the third
month after the subsequent Additional Closing Date. As a condition to the Required Holders expectation to purchase each
subsequent tranche of Debentures and Warrants, (i) the Equity Conditions (as defined in the Debenture) shall have been met (or waived,
in whole or in part, by the subscribing Required Holder) and the Nasdaq Official Closing Price shall not be less than the Conversion
Price of the additional Debentures; (ii) following the closing of any such sale of additional Debentures, the Companys stockholders
equity shall be adequate to maintain the listing of the Common Stock on the Trading Market; shall not be negative; (iii) any required
Shareholder Approval shall have been obtained; and (iv) the Company shall not be or become in default of any other Indebtedness. Each
subsequent Closing shall otherwise be in accordance with Sections 2.2 and 2.3.

2.4
The Company hereby acknowledges and agrees that (i) no Purchaser is acting as an agent, financial advisor, placement agent or broker-dealer
of the Company or any of its Affiliates, (ii) no Purchaser is a registered representative under the Financial Industry Regulatory
Authority (FINRA), a member of FINRA or associated or Affiliated (as defined below) with any member of FINRA,
or a broker-dealer registered with the SEC under the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act)
or engaged in a business that would require it to be so registered, nor is it an Affiliate of a broker-dealer or any
Person engaged in a business that would require it to be registered as a broker-dealer. The Company agrees that it will not take
a position contrary to the foregoing.

10 

ARTICLE
III.

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES

3.1
Representations and Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth in the Disclosure Schedules, which Disclosure Schedules shall
be deemed a part hereof and shall qualify any representation or otherwise made herein to the extent of the disclosure contained in the
corresponding section of the Disclosure Schedules, the Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to each Purchaser:

(a)
Subsidiaries. All of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company are set forth on Schedule 3.1(a). The Company
owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens, and
all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and
free of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities.

(b)
Organization and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power
and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any
Subsidiary is in violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or
other organizational or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good
standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned
by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could
not have or reasonably be expected to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction
Document, (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise)
of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in
any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material
Adverse Effect) and no Proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking
to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification.

11 

(c)
Authorization; Enforcement.

(i)
The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery
of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further action is required by
the Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders in connection herewith or therewith other than in connection
with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party has been (or upon delivery will
have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will constitute the valid
and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by general
equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting
enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive
relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

(ii)
With respect to the Subsidiary Guarantee, each of the Subsidiaries has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and
to consummate the transactions contemplated by such agreement and otherwise to carry out its obligations thereunder. The execution and
delivery of the Subsidiary Guarantee and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated thereby have been duly authorized
by all necessary action on the part of the Company, and no further action is required by the respective Subsidiary, its managers or its
members in connection therewith. The Subsidiary Guarantee has been (or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the respective
Subsidiaries and, when delivered in accordance with the terms thereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the respective
Subsidiary enforceable against such Subsidiary in accordance with its terms, except (A) as listed by general equitable principals and
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors
rights generally, (B) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies
and (C) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

12 

(d)
No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to
which it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby
do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles
of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that
with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or
assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, anti-dilution or similar adjustments,
acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument
(evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by
which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict
with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or
governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations),
or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and
(iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(e)
Filings, Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any
notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other
Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the filings
required pursuant to Section 4.6 of this Agreement, (ii) the filing with the Commission pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement,
(iii) the notice and/or application(s) to each applicable Trading Market for the issuance and sale of the Securities and the listing
of the Conversion Shares and Warrant Shares for trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby, (iv) the filing of Form D with
the Commission and such filings as are required to be made under applicable state securities laws and (v) Shareholder Approval (collectively,
the Required Approvals).

(f)
Issuance of the Securities; Compliance with Canadian Securities Laws. The Securities are duly authorized and, when issued and
paid for in accordance with the applicable Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free
and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company other than restrictions on transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents. The Underlying
Shares, when issued in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Documents, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable,
free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company other than restrictions on transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents. The
Company has reserved from its duly authorized capital stock a number of shares of Common Stock for issuance of the Underlying Shares
at least equal to the Required Minimum on the date hereof. Each Purchaser acknowledges that the issuance of the Securities has not been
qualified by any prospectus filed by the Company in British Columbia or any other Canadian jurisdiction. Such Purchaser represents that
it is not a resident of British Columbia or any other Canadian jurisdiction and acknowledges that the Securities will be issued to such
Purchaser pursuant to an exemption from the prospectus requirements under the British Columbia Securities Act provided by British
Columbia Instrument 72-503 (BCI 72-503) based on such Purchaser not being resident in British Columbia or any other
Canadian jurisdiction. Such Purchaser further acknowledges that (i) any resale by the Purchaser of any of the Securities in Canada will
require an exemption from Canadian prospectus requirements, (ii) that, under BCI 72-503, any such resale will be subject to Section 2.5
of Canadian National Instrument 45-102 Resales of Securities, and (iii) the Securities are being issued without the requisite
legend required to ensure that the Purchaser can rely on Section 2.5 of NI 45-102 in effecting resales in Canada.

13 

(g)
Capitalization. The capitalization of the Company as of the date hereof is as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g), which Schedule
3.1(g) shall also include the number of shares of Common Stock owned beneficially, and of record, by Affiliates of the Company as
of the date hereof. The Company is authorized to issue an unlimited number of shares of Common Stock. The Company has not issued any
capital stock since its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the exercise of employee stock
options under the Companys stock option plans, the issuance of shares of Common Stock to employees pursuant to the Companys
employee stock purchase plans and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as of the date of
the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act. No Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of
participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Except as a result
of the purchase and sale of the Securities, there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments
of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or
giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any shares of Common Stock or the capital stock of any Subsidiary, or contracts,
commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares
of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or capital stock of any Subsidiary. The issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate
the Company or any Subsidiary to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Purchasers). There are
no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary with any provision that adjusts the exercise, conversion, exchange
or reset price of such security or instrument upon an issuance of securities by the Company or any Subsidiary. There are no outstanding
securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts,
commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem a security of the
Company or such Subsidiary. The Company does not have any stock appreciation rights or phantom stock plans or agreements
or any similar plan or agreement. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued,
fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued in compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding
shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. No further approval
or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Securities. There
are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys capital stock to which
the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Companys stockholders.

14 

(h)
SEC Reports; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required
to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the
two years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the
foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, being collectively referred to herein
as the SEC Reports) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any
such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material
respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained
any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make
the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company has never been an issuer
subject to Rule 144(i) under the Securities Act. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material
respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at
the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles
applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (GAAP), except as may be otherwise specified in such financial
statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly
present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof
and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial,
year-end audit adjustments.

(i)
Material Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included
within the SEC Reports, except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(i), (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has
had or that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any liabilities (contingent
or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice
and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Companys financial statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in filings
made with the Commission, (iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting, (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend
or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any
shares of its capital stock and (v) the Company has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant
to existing Company stock option plans. The Company does not have pending before the Commission any request for confidential treatment
of information. Except for the issuance of the Securities contemplated by this Agreement or as set forth on Schedule 3.1(i), no
event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or development has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to occur or exist with
respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, prospects, properties, operations, assets or financial condition,
that would be required to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws at the time this representation is made or deemed
made that has not been publicly disclosed at least 1 Trading Day prior to the date that this representation is made.

15 

(j)
Litigation. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(j), there is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding
or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their
respective properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state,
county, local or foreign) (collectively, an Action). None of the Actions set forth on Schedule 3.1(j), (i)
adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the Securities or (ii)
could, if there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company
nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or
liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. There has not been, and to the knowledge of
the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission involving the Company or any current or former
director or officer of the Company. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration
statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

(k)
Labor Relations. No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees
of the Company, which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys or its Subsidiaries
employees is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe
that their relationships with their employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary,
is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary
information agreement or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third
party, and the continued employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability
with respect to any of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all U.S. federal, state, local
and foreign laws and regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours,
except where the failure to be in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect.

16 

(l)
Compliance. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that
has not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor
has the Company or any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture,
loan or credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound
(whether or not such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree or order of any court, arbitrator
or other governmental authority or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental
authority, including without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational
health and safety, product quality and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as could not have or reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(m)
Environmental Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws relating
to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface
strata), including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or
toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the environment, or otherwise relating
to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well
as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders,
permits, plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder (Environmental Laws); (ii) have
received all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses;
and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval where in each clause (i), (ii) and
(iii), the failure to so comply could be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

(n)
Regulatory Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate
federal, state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports,
except where the failure to possess such permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (Material
Permits), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or
modification of any Material Permit.

17 

(o)
Title to Assets. The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them
and good and marketable title in all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries,
in each case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially
interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens for the payment
of federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and, the payment of
which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries
are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance.

(p)
Intellectual Property. The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks,
trademark applications, service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights
and similar rights necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports and which
the failure to so have could have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights). None
of, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice (written or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual Property Rights
has expired, terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned, within two (2) years from the date
of this Agreement. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, since the date of the latest audited financial statements included
within the SEC Reports, a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge that the Intellectual Property Rights violate or infringe
upon the rights of any Person, except as could not have or reasonably be expected to not have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge
of the Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable and there is no existing infringement by another Person of any
of the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy,
confidentiality and value of all of their intellectual properties, except where failure to do so could not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(q)
Insurance. The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses
and risks and in such amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged, including,
but not limited to, directors and officers insurance coverage at least equal to the aggregate Subscription Amount. Neither the Company
nor any Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage
expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business without a significant increase
in cost.

18 

(r)
Transactions with Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(r), none of the officers or directors of
the Company or any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently
a party to any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including
any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal
property to or from providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to, or otherwise requiring payments to or from any
officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee
has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000 other
than for (i) payment of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company
and (iii) other employee benefits, including stock option agreements under any stock option plan of the Company.

(s)
Sarbanes-Oxley; Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance with any and all applicable requirements
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, that are effective as of the date hereof, and any and all applicable rules and regulations
promulgated by the Commission thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date. The Company and the Subsidiaries
maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance
with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with
managements general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets
at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. The Company and the Subsidiaries have established
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries and
designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it
files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commissions
rules and forms. The Companys certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures of
the Company and the Subsidiaries as of the end of the period covered by the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act
(such date, the Evaluation Date). The Company presented in its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange
Act the conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations
as of the Evaluation Date. Since the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in the internal control over financial reporting (as
such term is defined in the Exchange Act) that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the internal control
over financial reporting of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

(t)
Certain Fees. Except for fees to the Financial Advisor, no brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will be payable
by the Company or any Subsidiaries to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or
other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The Purchasers shall have no obligation with
respect to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this Section
that may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

19 

(u)
Private Placement. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, no
registration under the Securities Act is required for the offer and sale of the Securities by the Company to the Purchasers as contemplated
hereby. The issuance and sale of the Securities hereunder does not contravene the rules and regulations of the Trading Market.

(v)
Investment Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities,
will not be or be an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.
The Company shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment company subject to registration
under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(w)
Registration Rights. Other than each of the Purchasers, no Person has any right to cause the Company or any Subsidiary to effect
the registration under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company or any Subsidiaries.

(x)
Listing and Maintenance Requirements. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, and
the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration
of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating
such registration. The Company has not, in the 12 months preceding the date hereof, received notice from any Trading Market on which
the Common Stock is or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the listing or maintenance
requirements of such Trading Market. The Company is, and has no reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future continue
to be, in compliance with all such listing and maintenance requirements. The Common Stock is currently eligible for electronic transfer
through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation and the Company is current in payment of the fees to
the Depository Trust Company (or such other established clearing corporation) in connection with such electronic transfer.

(y)
Application of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order
to render inapplicable any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement)
or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Companys certificate of incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the
laws of its state of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the Purchasers as a result of the Purchasers and the Company
fulfilling their obligations or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents, including without limitation as a result of
the Companys issuance of the Securities and the Purchasers ownership of the Securities.

20 

(z)
Disclosure. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents,
the Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided any of the Purchasers or their agents or
counsel with any information that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information. The Company understands
and confirms that the Purchasers will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. All
of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchasers regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries, their respective
businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Disclosure Schedules to this Agreement, is true and correct and does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The press releases disseminated by the Company
during the twelve months preceding the date of this Agreement taken as a whole do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of
the circumstances under which they were made and when made, not misleading. The Company acknowledges and agrees that no Purchaser makes
or has made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically set
forth in Section 3.2 hereof.

(aa)
No Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2,
neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers
or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Securities
to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of (i) the Securities Act which would require the registration of any
such securities under the Securities Act, or (ii) any applicable shareholder approval provisions of any Trading Market on which any of
the securities of the Company are listed or designated.

(bb)
Solvency. Based on the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the Closing Date, after giving effect to the receipt
by the Company of the proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder, (i) the fair saleable value of the Companys assets exceeds
the amount that will be required to be paid on or in respect of the Companys existing debts and other liabilities (including known
contingent liabilities) as they mature, (ii) the Companys assets do not constitute unreasonably small capital to carry on its
business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted including its capital needs taking into account the particular capital requirements
of the business conducted by the Company, consolidated and projected capital requirements and capital availability thereof, and (iii)
the current cash flow of the Company, together with the proceeds the Company would receive, were it to liquidate all of its assets, after
taking into account all anticipated uses of the cash, would be sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of its liabilities when
such amounts are required to be paid. The Company does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature
(taking into account the timing and amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt). The Company has no knowledge of any
facts or circumstances which lead it to believe that it will file for reorganization or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization
laws of any jurisdiction within one year from the Closing Date. Schedule 3.1(bb) sets forth as of the date hereof all outstanding
secured and unsecured Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary, or for which the Company or any Subsidiary has commitments. For
the purposes of this Agreement, Indebtedness means (x) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess
of $50,000 (other than trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (y) all guaranties, endorsements and other
contingent obligations in respect of indebtedness of others, whether or not the same are or should be reflected in the Companys
consolidated balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection
or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business; and (z) the present value of any lease payments in excess of $50,000 due
under leases required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default with respect to
any Indebtedness.

21 

(cc)
Tax Status. Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all United States federal, state and local income
and all foreign income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii)
has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such
returns, reports and declarations and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material
taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material
amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary know of no
basis for any such claim.

(dd)
No General Solicitation. Neither the Company nor any Person acting on behalf of the Company has offered or sold any of the Securities
by any form of general solicitation or general advertising. The Company has offered the Securities for sale only to the Purchasers and
certain other accredited investors within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Securities Act.

(ee)
Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any
agent or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful
contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful
payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate
funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf
of which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA.

(ff)
Accountants. The Companys accounting firm is set forth on Schedule 3.1(ff) of the Disclosure Schedules. To the knowledge
and belief of the Company, such accounting firm (i) is a registered public accounting firm as required by the Exchange Act and (ii) shall
express its opinion with respect to the financial statements to be included in the Companys Annual Report for the fiscal year
ending December 31, 2021.

22 

(gg)
Seniority. As of the Closing Date, no Indebtedness or other claim against the Company is senior to the Debentures in right of
payment, whether with respect to interest or upon liquidation or dissolution, or otherwise, other than indebtedness secured by purchase
money security interests (which is senior only as to underlying assets covered thereby) and capital lease obligations (which is senior
only as to the property covered thereby).

(hh)
No Disagreements with Accountants and Lawyers. There are no disagreements of any kind presently existing, or reasonably anticipated
by the Company to arise, between the Company and the accountants and lawyers formerly or presently employed by the Company and the Company
is current with respect to any fees owed to its accountants and lawyers which could affect the Companys ability to perform any
of its obligations under any of the Transaction Documents.

(ii)
Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each of the Purchasers
is acting solely in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated
thereby. The Company further acknowledges that no Purchaser is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar
capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by any Purchaser or
any of their respective representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby
is merely incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to each Purchaser that the Companys
decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the
transactions contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives.

(jj)
Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Trading Activity. Anything in this Agreement or elsewhere
herein to the contrary notwithstanding (except for Sections 3.2(f) and 4.15 hereof), it is understood and acknowledged by the Company
that: (i) none of the Purchasers has been asked by the Company to agree, nor has any Purchaser agreed, to desist from purchasing or selling,
long and/or short, securities of the Company, or derivative securities based on securities issued by the Company or to
hold the Securities for any specified term, (ii) past or future open market or other transactions by any Purchaser, specifically including,
without limitation, Short Sales or derivative transactions, before or after the closing of this or future private placement
transactions, may negatively impact the market price of the Companys publicly-traded securities, (iii) any Purchaser, and counter-parties
in derivative transactions to which any such Purchaser is a party, directly or indirectly, may presently have a short
position in the Common Stock and (iv) each Purchaser shall not be deemed to have any affiliation with or control over any arms
length counter-party in any derivative transaction. The Company further understands and acknowledges that (y) one
or more Purchasers may engage in hedging activities at various times during the period that the Securities are outstanding, including,
without limitation, during the periods that the value of the Underlying Shares deliverable with respect to Securities are being determined,
and (z) such hedging activities (if any) could reduce the value of the existing stockholders equity interests in the Company at
and after the time that the hedging activities are being conducted. The Company acknowledges that such aforementioned hedging activities
do not constitute a breach of any of the Transaction Documents.

23 

(kk)
Regulation M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly,
any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate
the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any
of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities
of the Company, other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), compensation paid to the Placement Agent in connection with the placement
of the Securities.

(ll)
Form S-3 Eligibility. The Company is not eligible to register the resale of the Underlying Shares for resale by the Purchaser
on Form S-3 promulgated under the Securities Act until the Company has a market capitalization of $75,000,000 due to baby shelf
limitations.,

(mm)
Stock Option Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company under the Companys stock option plan was granted (i) in accordance
with the terms of the Companys stock option plan and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the
Common Stock on the date such stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock option granted under the
Companys stock option plan has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no Company
policy or practice to knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of stock options with, the
release or other public announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results or
prospects.

(nn)
Cybersecurity. (i)(x) There has been no security breach or other compromise of or relating to any of the Companys or any
Subsidiarys information technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data (including the data of its respective
customers, employees, suppliers, vendors and any third party data maintained by or on behalf of it), equipment or technology (collectively,
IT Systems and Data) and (y) the Company and the Subsidiaries have not been notified of, and has no knowledge of
any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in, any security breach or other compromise to its IT Systems and
Data; (ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries are presently in compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders,
rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations
relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use,
access, misappropriation or modification, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; (iii)
the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented and maintained commercially reasonable safeguards to maintain and protect its material
confidential information and the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security of all IT Systems and Data; and (iv) the Company
and the Subsidiaries have implemented backup and disaster recovery technology consistent with industry standards and practices.

24 

(oo)
Office of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director,
officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the
Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC).

(pp)
U.S. Real Property Holding Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within
the meaning of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon Purchasers
request.

(qq)
Bank Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company
Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the
Federal Reserve). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly,
five percent (5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent or more of the total equity
of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
or Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and
to regulation by the Federal Reserve.

(rr)
Money Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with
applicable financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended,
applicable money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws),
and no Action or Proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company
or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened.

(ss)
No Disqualification Events. With respect to the Securities to be offered and sold hereunder in reliance on Rule 506 under the
Securities Act, none of the Company, any of its predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer, other officer of
the Company participating in the offering hereunder, any beneficial owner of 20% or more of the Companys outstanding voting equity
securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act)
connected with the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (each, an Issuer Covered Person and, together, Issuer
Covered Persons) is subject to any of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii)
under the Securities Act (a Disqualification Event), except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2)
or (d)(3). The Company has exercised reasonable care to determine whether any Issuer Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification
Event. The Company has complied, to the extent applicable, with its disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e), and has furnished to the
Purchasers a copy of any disclosures provided thereunder.

25 

(tt)
Other Covered Persons. The Company is not aware of any person (other than any Issuer Covered Person) that has been or will be
paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of purchasers in connection with the sale of any Securities.

(uu)
Notice of Disqualification Events. The Company will notify the Purchasers in writing, prior to the Closing Date of (i) any Disqualification
Event relating to any Issuer Covered Person and (ii) any event that would, with the passage of time, become a Disqualification Event
relating to any Issuer Covered Person.

3.2
Representations and Warranties of the Purchasers. Each Purchaser, for itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents and
warrants as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein, in which case
they shall be accurate as of such date):

(a)
Organization; Authority. Such Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and
in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited
liability company or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents
and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance
by such Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate,
partnership, limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to
which it is a party has been duly executed by such Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof,
will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except
(i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general
application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific
performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited
by applicable law.

26 

(b)
Own Account. Such Purchaser understands that the Securities are restricted securities and have not been registered
under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and
not with a view to or for distributing or reselling such Securities or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable
state securities law, has no present intention of distributing any of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable
state securities law and has no direct or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the
distribution of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law (this representation and warranty
not limiting such Purchasers right to sell the Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement or otherwise in compliance with
applicable federal and state securities laws). Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities hereunder in the ordinary course of its business.

(c)
Purchaser Status. At the time such Purchaser was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, and on each
date on which it exercises any Warrants or converts any Debentures it will be an accredited investor as defined in Rule
501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7), (a)(8), (a)(9), (a)(12), or (a)(13) under the Securities Act.

(d)
Experience of Such Purchaser. Such Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication
and experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment
in the Securities, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Such Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of
an investment in the Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

(e)
General Solicitation. Such Purchaser is not, to such Purchasers knowledge, purchasing the Securities as a result of any
advertisement, article, notice or other communication regarding the Securities published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media
or broadcast over television or radio or presented at any seminar or, to the knowledge of such Purchaser, any other general solicitation
or general advertisement.

(f)
Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Purchaser has
not, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, directly or indirectly executed any
purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that such Purchaser
first received a term sheet (written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the material
terms of the transactions contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. The Purchaser acknowledges that
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement do not constitute one or more Variable Rate Transactions as such term is defined in the
Securities Purchase Agreement between the Company and certain purchasers, dated June 30, 2022. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the
case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchasers
assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other
portions of such Purchasers assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets
managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement. Other than to
other Persons party to this Agreement or to such Purchasers representatives, including, without limitation, its officers, directors,
partners, legal and other advisors, employees, agents and Affiliates, such Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures
made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing,
for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty against, or a prohibition of, any
actions with respect to the borrowing of, arrangement to borrow, identification of the availability of, and/or securing of, securities
of the Company in order for such Purchaser (or its broker or other financial representative) to effect Short Sales or similar transactions
in the future.

27 

The
Company acknowledges and agrees that the representations contained in this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect such Purchasers
right to rely on the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties
contained in any other Transaction Document or any other document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement
or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained
herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order
to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

ARTICLE
IV.

OTHER
AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1
Transfer Restrictions.

(a)
The Securities may only be disposed of in compliance with state and federal securities laws. In connection with any transfer of Securities
other than pursuant to an effective registration statement or Rule 144, to the Company or to an Affiliate of a Purchaser or in connection
with a pledge as contemplated in Section 4.1(b), the Company may require the transferor thereof to provide to the Company an opinion
of counsel selected by the transferor and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the form and substance of which opinion shall be reasonably
satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that such transfer does not require registration of such transferred Securities under the
Securities Act. As a condition of transfer, any such transferee shall agree in writing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement and
the Registration Rights Agreement and shall have the rights and obligations of a Purchaser under this Agreement and the Registration
Rights Agreement.

(b)
The Purchasers agree to the imprinting, so long as is required by this Section 4.1, of a legend on any of the Securities in the following
form:

[NEITHER]
THIS SECURITY [NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY IS [EXERCISABLE] [CONVERTIBLE]] HAS [NOT] BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE
REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION
REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY [AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE
UPON [EXERCISE] [CONVERSION] OF THIS SECURITY] MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT WITH A REGISTERED BROKER-DEALER
OR OTHER LOAN WITH A FINANCIAL INSTITUTION THAT IS AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

28 

The
Company acknowledges and agrees that a Purchaser may from time to time pledge pursuant to a bona fide margin agreement with a registered
broker-dealer or grant a security interest in some or all of the Securities to a financial institution that is an accredited investor
as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act and, if required under the terms of such arrangement, such Purchaser may transfer
pledged or secured Securities to the pledgees or secured parties. Such a pledge or transfer would not be subject to approval of the Company
and no legal opinion of legal counsel of the pledgee, secured party or pledgor shall be required in connection therewith. Further, no
notice shall be required of such pledge. At the appropriate Purchasers expense, the Company will execute and deliver such reasonable
documentation as a pledgee or secured party of Securities may reasonably request in connection with a pledge or transfer of the Securities,
including, if the Securities are subject to registration pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the preparation and filing of
any required prospectus supplement under Rule 424(b)(3) under the Securities Act or other applicable provision of the Securities Act
to appropriately amend the list of Selling Stockholders (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) thereunder.

(c)
Certificates evidencing the Underlying Shares shall not contain any legend (including the legend set forth in Section 4.1(b) hereof):
(i) while a registration statement (including the Registration Statement) covering the resale of such security is effective under the
Securities Act, (ii) following any sale of such Underlying Shares pursuant to Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants),
(iii) if such Underlying Shares are eligible for sale under Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants)[, without the requirement
for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information required under Rule 144 as to such Underlying Shares and without
volume or manner-of-sale restrictions] or (iv) if such legend is not required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including
judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the Commission). The Company shall cause its counsel to issue a legal
opinion to the Transfer Agent or the Purchaser promptly after the Effective Date if required by the Transfer Agent to effect the removal
of the legend hereunder, or if requested by a Purchaser, respectively. If all or any portion of a Debenture is converted or Warrant is
exercised at a time when there is an effective registration statement to cover the resale of the Underlying Shares, or if such Underlying
Shares may be sold under Rule 144 without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information required
under Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants) as to such Underlying Shares and without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions
or if such legend is not otherwise required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and
pronouncements issued by the staff of the Commission) then such Underlying Shares shall be issued free of all legends. The Company agrees
that following the Effective Date or at such time as such legend is no longer required under this Section 4.1(c), it will, no later than
the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined below)
following the delivery by a Purchaser to the Company or the Transfer Agent of a certificate representing Underlying Shares, as applicable,
issued with a restrictive legend (such date, the Legend Removal Date), deliver or cause to be delivered to such
Purchaser a certificate representing such shares that is free from all restrictive and other legends. The Company may not make any notation
on its records or give instructions to the Transfer Agent that enlarge the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Section 4. Certificates
for Underlying Shares subject to legend removal hereunder shall be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Purchaser by crediting the
account of the Purchasers prime broker with the Depository Trust Company System as directed by such Purchaser. As used herein,
Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys
primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of a certificate representing Underlying
Shares, as applicable, issued with a restrictive legend.

29 

(d)
In addition to such Purchasers other available remedies, the Company shall pay to a Purchaser, in cash, (i) as partial liquidated
damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Underlying Shares (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date such Securities
are submitted to the Transfer Agent) delivered for removal of the restrictive legend and subject to Section 4.1(c), $10 per Trading Day
(increasing to $20 per Trading Day five (5) Trading Days after the Legend Removal Date) for each Trading Day after the Legend Removal
Date until such certificate is delivered without a legend and (ii) if the Company fails to (a) issue and deliver (or cause to be delivered)
to a Purchaser by the Legend Removal Date a certificate representing the Securities so delivered to the Company by such Purchaser that
is free from all restrictive and other legends and (b) if after the Legend Removal Date such Purchaser purchases (in an open market transaction
or otherwise) shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by such Purchaser of all or any portion of the number of shares
of Common Stock, or a sale of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to all or any portion of the number of shares of Common Stock
that such Purchaser anticipated receiving from the Company without any restrictive legend, then, an amount equal to the excess of such
Purchasers total purchase price (including brokerage commissions and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any) for the shares of Common
Stock so purchased (including brokerage commissions and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any) (the Buy-In
Price) over the product of (A) such number of Underlying Shares that the Company was required to deliver to such Purchaser
by the Legend Removal Date multiplied by (B) the lowest closing sale price of the Common Stock on any Trading Day during the period commencing
on the date of the delivery by such Purchaser to the Company of the applicable Underlying Shares (as the case may be) and ending on the
date of such delivery and payment under this clause (ii).

(e)
Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, agrees with the Company that such Purchaser will sell any Securities
pursuant to either the registration requirements of the Securities Act, including any applicable prospectus delivery requirements, or
an exemption therefrom, and that if Securities are sold pursuant to a Registration Statement, they will be sold in compliance with the
plan of distribution set forth therein, and acknowledges that the removal of the restrictive legend from certificates representing Securities
as set forth in this Section 4.1 is predicated upon the Companys reliance upon this understanding.

4.2
Acknowledgment of Dilution. The Company acknowledges that the issuance of the Securities may result in dilution of the outstanding
shares of Common Stock, which dilution may be substantial under certain market conditions. The Company further acknowledges that its
obligations under the Transaction Documents, including, without limitation, its obligation to issue the Underlying Shares pursuant to
the Transaction Documents, are unconditional and absolute and not subject to any right of set off, counterclaim, delay or reduction,
regardless of the effect of any such dilution or any claim the Company may have against any Purchaser and regardless of the dilutive
effect that such issuance may have on the ownership of the other stockholders of the Company.

4.3
Furnishing of Information; Public Information.

(a)
Until the earlier of the time that (i) no Purchaser owns Securities or (ii) the Warrants have expired, the Company covenants to maintain
the registration of the Common Stock under Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act and to timely file (or obtain extensions in respect
thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to
the Exchange Act even if the Company is not then subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act.

(b)
At any time during the period commencing from the six (6) month anniversary of the date hereof and ending at such time that all of the
Securities may be sold without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with Rule 144(c)(1) and otherwise without restriction
or limitation pursuant to Rule 144, if the Company (i) shall fail for any reason to satisfy the current public information requirement
under Rule 144(c) or (ii) has ever been an issuer described in Rule 144 (i)(1)(i) or becomes an issuer in the future, and the Company
shall fail to satisfy any condition set forth in Rule 144(i)(2) (a Public Information Failure) then, in addition
to such Purchasers other available remedies, the Company shall pay to a Purchaser, in cash, as partial liquidated damages and
not as a penalty, by reason of any such delay in or reduction of its ability to sell the Securities, an amount in cash equal to two percent
(2.0%) of the aggregate Subscription Amount of such Purchasers Securities on the day of a Public Information Failure and on every
thirtieth (30th) day (pro rated for periods totaling less than thirty days) thereafter until the earlier of (a) the date such
Public Information Failure is cured and (b) such time that such public information is no longer required for the Purchasers to transfer
the Underlying Shares pursuant to Rule 144. The payments to which a Purchaser shall be entitled pursuant to this Section 4.3(b) are referred
to herein as Public Information Failure Payments. Public Information Failure Payments shall be paid on the earlier
of (i) the last day of the calendar month during which such Public Information Failure Payments are incurred and (ii) the third (3rd)
Business Day after the event or failure giving rise to the Public Information Failure Payments is cured. In the event the Company fails
to make Public Information Failure Payments in a timely manner, such Public Information Failure Payments shall bear interest at the rate
of 1.5% per month (prorated for partial months) until paid in full. Nothing herein shall limit such Purchasers right to pursue
actual damages for the Public Information Failure, and such Purchaser shall have the right to pursue all remedies available to it at
law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief.

30 

4.4
Integration. The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security
(as defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities in a manner that would
require the registration under the Securities Act of the sale of the Securities or that would be integrated with the offer or sale of
the Securities for purposes of the rules and regulations of any Trading Market such that it would require shareholder approval prior
to the closing of such other transaction unless shareholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.

4.5
Conversion and Exercise Procedures. Each of the form of Notice of Exercise included in the Warrants and the form of Notice of
Conversion included in the Debentures set forth the totality of the procedures required of the Purchasers in order to exercise the Warrants
or convert the Debentures. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original Notice of Exercise or Notice of Conversion shall
be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise or Notice of Conversion
form be required in order to exercise the Warrants or convert the Debentures. No additional legal opinion, other information or instructions
shall be required of the Purchasers to exercise their Warrants or convert their Debentures. The Company shall honor exercises of the
Warrants and conversions of the Debentures and shall deliver Underlying Shares in accordance with the terms, conditions and time periods
set forth in the Transaction Documents.

4.6
Securities Laws Disclosure; Publicity. The Company shall (a) by the Disclosure Time, issue a press release disclosing the material
terms of the transactions contemplated hereby, and (b) file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits
thereto, with the Commission within the time required by the Exchange Act. From and after the issuance of such press release, the Company
represents to the Purchasers that it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to any of the Purchasers
by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agents, including
without limitation, the Placement Agent, in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. In addition,
effective upon the issuance of such press release, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations
under any agreement, whether written or oral, between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors,
agents, employees, Affiliates or agents, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, on the one hand, and any of the Purchasers
or any of their Affiliates on the other hand, shall terminate and be of no further force or effect. The Company understands and confirms
that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. The Company and
each Purchaser shall consult with each other in issuing any other press releases with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby,
and neither the Company nor any Purchaser shall issue any such press release nor otherwise make any such public statement without the
prior consent of the Company, with respect to any press release of any Purchaser, or without the prior consent of each Purchaser, with
respect to any press release of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure is
required by law, in which case the disclosing party shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement
or communication. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of any Purchaser, or include the name
of any Purchaser in any filing with the Commission or any regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the prior written consent of such
Purchaser, except (a) as required by federal securities law in connection with (i) any registration statement contemplated by the Registration
Rights Agreement and (ii) the filing of final Transaction Documents with the Commission and (b) to the extent such disclosure is required
by law or Trading Market regulations, in which case the Company shall provide the Purchasers with prior notice of such disclosure permitted
under this clause (b) and reasonably cooperate with such Purchaser regarding such disclosure.

31 

4.7
Shareholder Rights Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person,
that any Purchaser is an Acquiring Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill
(including any distribution under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by
the Company, or that any Purchaser could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving
Securities under the Transaction Documents or under any other agreement between the Company and the Purchasers.

4.8
Non-Public Information. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents, which shall be disclosed pursuant to Section 4.6, the Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other Person acting
on its behalf will provide any Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably believes
constitutes, material non-public information, unless prior thereto such Purchaser shall have consented in writing to the receipt of such
information and agreed in writing with the Company to keep such information confidential. The Company understands and confirms that each
Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. To the extent that the Company,
any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, director, agents, employees or Affiliates delivers any material, non-public
information to a Purchaser without such Purchasers consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that such Purchaser shall
not have any duty of confidentiality to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees,
Affiliates, or agents, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, or a duty to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of
their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agents, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, not to trade
on the basis of, such material, non-public information, provided that the Purchaser shall remain subject to applicable law. To the extent
that any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the
Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously with the delivery of such notice file such notice with the Commission pursuant
to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant
in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.

32 

4.9
Use of Proceeds. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.9 attached hereto, the Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale
of the Securities hereunder for working capital purposes and shall not use such proceeds: (a) for the satisfaction of any portion of
the Companys debt (other than payment of trade payables in the ordinary course of the Companys business and prior practices),
(b) for the redemption of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, (c) for the settlement of any outstanding litigation or (d) in
violation of FCPA or OFAC regulations. To the extent that the Company undertakes an at-the-market offering as permitted by Section 4.13,
25% of the gross proceeds shall be used to prepay the Debentures as set forth therein.

4.10
Indemnification of Purchasers. Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.10, the Company will indemnify and hold each Purchaser
and its directors, officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent
role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls such Purchaser
(within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders,
agents, members, partners or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding
a lack of such title or any other title) of such controlling persons (each, a Purchaser Party) harmless from any
and all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in
settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or
incur as a result of or relating to (a) any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company
in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents or (b) any action instituted against the Purchaser Parties in any capacity, or
any of them or their respective Affiliates, by any stockholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of such Purchaser Party, with respect
to any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (unless such action is solely based upon a material breach of such
Purchaser Partys representations, warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings
such Purchaser Party may have with any such stockholder or any violations by such Purchaser Party of state or federal securities laws
or any conduct by such Purchaser Party which is finally judicially determined to constitute fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct).
If any action shall be brought against any Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such
Purchaser Party shall promptly notify the Company in writing, and the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with
counsel of its own choosing reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser Party. Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate
counsel in any such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense
of such Purchaser Party except to the extent that (i) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized by the Company in writing,
(ii) the Company has failed after a reasonable period of time to assume such defense and to employ counsel or (iii) in such action there
is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel, a material conflict on any material issue between the position of the Company and the position
of such Purchaser Party, in which case the Company shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one such
separate counsel. The Company will not be liable to any Purchaser Party under this Agreement (y) for any settlement by a Purchaser Party
effected without the Companys prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (z) to the extent,
but only to the extent that a loss, claim, damage or liability is attributable to any Purchaser Partys breach of any of the representations,
warranties, covenants or agreements made by such Purchaser Party in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents. The indemnification
required by this Section 4.10 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense,
as and when bills are received or are incurred. The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to any cause of action
or similar right of any Purchaser Party against the Company or others and any liabilities the Company may be subject to pursuant to law.

33 

4.11
Reservation and Listing of Securities.

(a)
The Company shall maintain a reserve of the Required Minimum from its duly authorized shares of Common Stock for issuance pursuant to
the Transaction Documents in such amount as may then be required to fulfill its obligations in full under the Transaction Documents.

(b)
If, on any date, the number of authorized but unissued (and otherwise unreserved) shares of Common Stock is less than the Required Minimum
on such date, then the Board of Directors shall use commercially reasonable efforts to amend the Companys certificate or articles
of incorporation to increase the number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to at least the Required Minimum at such time,
as soon as possible and in any event not later than the 75th day after such date.

(c)
The Company shall, if applicable: (i) in the time and manner required by the principal Trading Market, prepare and file with such Trading
Market an additional shares listing application covering a number of shares of Common Stock at least equal to the Required Minimum on
the date of such application, (ii) take all steps necessary to cause such shares of Common Stock to be approved for listing or quotation
on such Trading Market as soon as possible thereafter, (iii) provide to the Purchasers evidence of such listing or quotation and (iv)
maintain the listing or quotation of such Common Stock on any date at least equal to the Required Minimum on such date on such Trading
Market or another Trading Market. The Company agrees to maintain the eligibility of the Common Stock for electronic transfer through
the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation, including, without limitation, by timely payment of fees to
the Depository Trust Company or such other established clearing corporation in connection with such electronic transfer. In addition,
the Company shall hold a special meeting of shareholders (which may also be at the annual meeting of shareholders) at the earliest practical
date for the purpose of obtaining Shareholder Approval, with the recommendation of the Companys Board of Directors that such proposal
be approved, and the Company shall solicit proxies from its shareholders in connection therewith in the same manner as all other management
proposals in such proxy statement and all management-appointed proxyholders shall vote their proxies in favor of such proposal. The Company
shall file a preliminary proxy statement of Form 14A with the Commission no later than 30 calendar days after the Closing Date, and diligently
pursue such filing to Commission clearance for the purpose of holding such shareholder meeting. The Company shall use its reasonable
best efforts to obtain such Shareholder Approval. If the Company does not obtain Shareholder Approval at the first meeting, the Company
shall call a meeting every four months thereafter to seek Shareholder Approval until the earlier of the date Shareholder Approval is
obtained or the Debentures are no longer outstanding.

34 

4.12
Participation in Future Financing.

(a)
From the date hereof until the date that is the 18 month anniversary of the initial Closing Date, upon any issuance by the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents for cash consideration, Indebtedness or a combination of units thereof
(a Subsequent Financing), each Purchaser shall have the right to participate in up to an amount of the Subsequent
Financing equal to 25% of the Subsequent Financing (the Participation Maximum) on the same terms, conditions and
price provided for in the Subsequent Financing.

(b)
At least one (1) Trading Day prior to the closing of the Subsequent Financing, the Company shall deliver to each Purchaser a written
notice of its intention to effect a Subsequent Financing (Pre-Notice), which Pre-Notice shall ask such Purchaser
if it wants to review the details of such financing (such additional notice, a Subsequent Financing Notice). Upon
the request of a Purchaser, and only upon a request by such Purchaser, for a Subsequent Financing Notice, the Company shall promptly,
but no later than one (1) Trading Day after such request, deliver a Subsequent Financing Notice to such Purchaser. The Subsequent Financing
Notice shall describe in reasonable detail the proposed terms of such Subsequent Financing, the amount of proceeds intended to be raised
thereunder and the Person or Persons through or with whom such Subsequent Financing is proposed to be effected and shall include a term
sheet or similar document relating thereto as an attachment.

(c)
Any Purchaser desiring to participate in such Subsequent Financing must provide written notice to the Company by not later than 5:30
p.m. (New York City time) on the first (1st) Trading Day after all of the Purchasers have received the Pre-Notice that such
Purchaser is willing to participate in the Subsequent Financing, the amount of such Purchasers participation, and representing
and warranting that such Purchaser has such funds ready, willing, and available for investment on the terms set forth in the Subsequent
Financing Notice. If the Company receives no such notice from a Purchaser as of such first (1st) Trading Day, such Purchaser
shall be deemed to have notified the Company that it does not elect to participate.

(d)
If by 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on the first (1st) Trading Day after all of the Purchasers have received the Pre-Notice,
notifications by the Purchasers of their willingness to participate in the Subsequent Financing (or to cause their designees to participate)
is, in the aggregate, less than the total amount of the Subsequent Financing, then the Company may effect the remaining portion of such
Subsequent Financing on the terms and with the Persons set forth in the Subsequent Financing Notice.

35 

(e)
If by 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on the first (1st) Trading Day after all of the Purchasers have received the Pre-Notice,
the Company receives responses to a Subsequent Financing Notice from Purchasers seeking to purchase more than the aggregate amount of
the Participation Maximum, each such Purchaser shall have the right to purchase its Pro Rata Portion (as defined below) of the Participation
Maximum. Pro Rata Portion means the ratio of (x) the Subscription Amount of Securities purchased on the Closing
Date by a Purchaser participating under this Section 4.12 and (y) the sum of the aggregate Subscription Amounts of Securities purchased
on the Closing Date by all Purchasers participating under this Section 4.12.

(f)
The Company must provide the Purchasers with a second Subsequent Financing Notice, and the Purchasers will again have the right of participation
set forth above in this Section 4.12, if the Subsequent Financing subject to the initial Subsequent Financing Notice is not consummated
for any reason on the terms set forth in such Subsequent Financing Notice within thirty (30) Trading Days after the date of the initial
Subsequent Financing Notice.

(g)
The Company and each Purchaser agree that if any Purchaser elects to participate in the Subsequent Financing, the transaction documents
related to the Subsequent Financing shall not include any term or provision that, directly or indirectly, will, or is intended to, exclude
one or more of the Purchasers from participating in a Subsequent Financing, including, but not limited to, provisions whereby such Purchaser
shall be required to agree to any restrictions on trading as to any securities of the Company or be required to consent to any amendment
to or termination of, or grant any waiver, release or the like under or in connection with, this Agreement, without the prior written
consent of such Purchaser.

(h)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 4.12 and unless otherwise agreed to by such
Purchaser, the Company shall either confirm in writing to such Purchaser that the transaction with respect to the Subsequent Financing
has been abandoned or shall publicly disclose its intention to issue the securities in the Subsequent Financing, in either case in such
a manner such that such Purchaser will not be in possession of any material, non-public information, by the tenth (10th) Business Day
following delivery of the Subsequent Financing Notice. If by such tenth (10th) Business Day, no public disclosure regarding a transaction
with respect to the Subsequent Financing has been made, and no notice regarding the abandonment of such transaction has been received
by such Purchaser, such transaction shall be deemed to have been abandoned and such Purchaser shall not be deemed to be in possession
of any material, non-public information with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(i)
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 4.12 shall not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance.

36 

4.13
Subsequent Equity Sales.

(a)
Except as set forth in Schedule 4.13 or an Exempt Issuance, from the date hereof until 90 days after the Effective Date, other
than an at-the-market offering program under Rule 415 with a commercially reputable nationally known investment bank (or its broker-dealer
subsidiary) neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall (i) issue, enter into any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed
issuance of any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or (ii) file any registration statement or any amendment or supplement
thereto, in each case other than as contemplated pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement. In addition, so long as any Debentures
or Warrants are outstanding, (i) the Company shall not incur any Indebtedness other than project financing for the proposed Grow House
and related land acquisition, with the prior written consent of a majority in interest of the Purchasers, which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed, and (ii) the Company shall not issue any securities with price-based dilution or reset adjustments.

(b)
From the date hereof until such time as no Purchaser holds any of the Warrants, the Company shall be prohibited from effecting or entering
into an agreement to effect any issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (or a
combination of units thereof) involving a Variable Rate Transaction. Variable Rate Transaction means a transaction
in which the Company (i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or
include the right to receive, additional shares of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate or
other price that is based upon, and/or varies with, the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of Common Stock at any time after
the initial issuance of such debt or equity securities or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being
reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent
events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Stock or (ii) enters into, or effects
a transaction under, any agreement, including, but not limited to, an equity line of credit or an at-the-market offering,
whereby the Company may issue securities at a future determined price; provided, the Company may enter into an at-the-market offering
program under Rule 415, but any such sales shall be subject to the price adjustment provisions of the Debentures. Any Purchaser shall
be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be in addition to any right
to collect damages.

(c)
Unless Shareholder Approval has been obtained and deemed effective, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall make any issuance whatsoever
of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents which would cause any adjustment of the Conversion Price to the extent the holders of Debentures
would not be permitted, pursuant to Section 4(e) of the Debentures to convert their respective outstanding Debentures and exercise their
respective Warrants in full, ignoring for such purposes the other conversion or exercise limitations therein. Any Purchaser shall be
entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be in addition to any right
to collect damages.

(d)
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 4.13 shall not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance, except that no Variable Rate Transaction
shall be an Exempt Issuance.

37 

4.14
Equal Treatment of Purchasers. No consideration (including any modification of any Transaction Document) shall be offered or paid
to any Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of the Transaction Documents unless the same consideration
is also offered to all of the parties to such Transaction Documents. Further, the Company shall not make any payment of principal or
interest on the Debentures in amounts which are disproportionate to the respective principal amounts outstanding on the Debentures at
any applicable time. For clarification purposes, this provision constitutes a separate right granted to each Purchaser by the Company
and negotiated separately by each Purchaser, and is intended for the Company to treat the Purchasers as a class and shall not in any
way be construed as the Purchasers acting in concert or as a group with respect to the purchase, disposition or voting of Securities
or otherwise.

4.15
Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that
neither it, nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales, including
Short Sales, of any of the Companys securities during the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at
such time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as
described in Section 4.6. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that until such time as
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the initial press release as described
in Section 4.6, such Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction and the information included
in the Disclosure Schedules (other than as disclosed to its legal and other representatives). Notwithstanding the foregoing, and notwithstanding
anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) no Purchaser makes any representation,
warranty or covenant hereby that it will not engage in effecting transactions in any securities of the Company after the time that the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section
4.6, (ii) no Purchaser shall be restricted or prohibited from effecting any transactions in any securities of the Company in accordance
with applicable securities laws from and after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced
pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.6 and (iii) no Purchaser shall have any duty of confidentiality or duty
not to trade in the securities of the Company to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors,
employees, Affiliates or agent, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, after the issuance of the initial press release as
described in Section 4.6. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle
whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct
knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchasers assets, the covenant
set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision
to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement.

38 

4.16
Form D; Blue Sky Filings. The Company agrees to timely file a Form D with respect to the Securities as required under Regulation
D and to provide a copy thereof, promptly upon request of any Purchaser. The Company shall take such action as the Company shall reasonably
determine is necessary in order to obtain an exemption for, or to qualify the Securities for, sale to the Purchasers at the Closing under
applicable securities or Blue Sky laws of the states of the United States, and shall provide evidence of such actions promptly
upon request of any Purchaser.

4.17
Lock-Up Agreements. The Company shall not amend, modify, waive or terminate any provision of any of the Lock-Up Agreements except
to extend the term of the lock-up period and shall enforce the provisions of each Lock-Up Agreement in accordance with its terms. If
any party to a Lock-Up Agreement breaches any provision of a Lock-Up Agreement, the Company shall promptly use its best efforts to seek
specific performance of the terms of such Lock-Up Agreement. No Purchaser shall be a third party beneficiary of any Lock-Up Agreement.

ARTICLE
V.

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1
Termination. This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchasers obligations hereunder only and without
any effect whatsoever on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other parties, if the
Closing has not been consummated on or before the fifth (5th) Trading Day following the date hereof, provided, however,
that no such termination will affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties).

5.2
Fees and Expenses. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and
expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the
negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including,
without limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company and any conversion or
exercise notice delivered by a Purchaser), stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities
to the Purchasers. The Company also agrees to pay Kelley, Drye & Warren, LLP, counsel to Alto, $_______.

39 

5.3
Entire Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, contain the entire understanding
of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written,
with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules.

5.4
Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in
writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is
delivered via email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New
York City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered
via email attachment as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New
York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally
recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The address
for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto.

5.5
Amendments; Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument
signed, in the case of an amendment, by the Company and all Required Holders.. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision,
condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default
or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right
hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right. Any amendment effected in accordance with this Section 5.5 shall be binding
upon each Purchaser and holder of Securities and the Company.

5.6
Headings. The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to
limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

40 

5.7
Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and
permitted assigns. The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent
of each Purchaser (other than by merger). Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom
such Purchaser assigns or transfers any Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the
transferred Securities, by the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Purchasers.

5.8
No Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors
and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise
set forth in Section 4.10.

5.9
Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents
shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the
principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and
defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto
or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively
in the state and federal courts sitting in the Wilmington, Delaware. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction
of the state and federal courts sitting in the Wilmington, Delaware for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith
or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction
Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any Action or Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally
subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such Action or Proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such Proceeding.
Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such Action or Proceeding
by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address
in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process
and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted
by law. If any party shall commence an Action or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition
to the obligations of the Company under Section 4.10, the prevailing party in such Action or Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the non-prevailing
party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution
of such Action or Proceeding.

5.10
Survival. The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Securities.

41 

5.11
Execution. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one
and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party,
it being understood that the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by e-mail delivery
of a .pdf format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose
behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

5.12
Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to
be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall
remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially
reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated
by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would
have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared
invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

5.13
Rescission and Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions
of) any of the other Transaction Documents, whenever any Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction
Document and the Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then such Purchaser may
rescind or withdraw, in its sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election
in whole or in part without prejudice to its future actions and rights; provided, however, that, in the case of a rescission
of a conversion of a Debenture or exercise of a Warrant, the applicable Purchaser shall be required to return any shares of Common Stock
subject to any such rescinded conversion or exercise notice concurrently with the return to such Purchaser of the aggregate exercise
price paid to the Company for such shares and the restoration of such Purchasers right to acquire such shares pursuant to such
Purchasers Warrant (including, issuance of a replacement warrant certificate evidencing such restored right).

5.14
Replacement of Securities. If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed,
the Company shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation),
or in lieu of and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to
the Company of such loss, theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also
pay any reasonable third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities.

5.15
Remedies. In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages,
each of the Purchasers and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that
monetary damages may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction
Documents and hereby agree to waive and not to assert in any Action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that
a remedy at law would be adequate.

42 

5.16
Payment Set Aside. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document
or a Purchaser enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise
or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by
or are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including,
without limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such
restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect
as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

5.17
Usury. To the extent it may lawfully do so, the Company hereby agrees not to insist upon or plead or in any manner whatsoever
claim, and will resist any and all efforts to be compelled to take the benefit or advantage of, usury laws wherever enacted, now or at
any time hereafter in force, in connection with any Action or Proceeding that may be brought by any Purchaser in order to enforce any
right or remedy under any Transaction Document. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in any Transaction Document,
it is expressly agreed and provided that the total liability of the Company under the Transaction Documents for payments in the nature
of interest shall not exceed the maximum lawful rate authorized under applicable law (the Maximum Rate), and, without
limiting the foregoing, in no event shall any rate of interest or default interest, or both of them, when aggregated with any other sums
in the nature of interest that the Company may be obligated to pay under the Transaction Documents exceed such Maximum Rate. It is agreed
that if the maximum contract rate of interest allowed by law and applicable to the Transaction Documents is increased or decreased by
statute or any official governmental action subsequent to the date hereof, the new maximum contract rate of interest allowed by law will
be the Maximum Rate applicable to the Transaction Documents from the effective date thereof forward, unless such application is precluded
by applicable law. If under any circumstances whatsoever, interest in excess of the Maximum Rate is paid by the Company to any Purchaser
with respect to indebtedness evidenced by the Transaction Documents, such excess shall be applied by such Purchaser to the unpaid principal
balance of any such indebtedness or be refunded to the Company, the manner of handling such excess to be at such Purchasers election.

5.18
Independent Nature of Purchasers Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document
are several and not joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance
or non-performance of the obligations of any other Purchaser under any Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or in any other
Transaction Document, and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as
a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers are in any way
acting in concert or as a group with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each
Purchaser shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce its rights, including, without limitation, the rights arising out of
this Agreement or out of the other Transaction Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional
party in any Proceeding for such purpose. Each Purchaser has been represented by its own separate legal counsel in its review and negotiation
of the Transaction Documents. For reasons of administrative convenience only, each Purchaser and its respective counsel have chosen to
communicate with the Company through EGS. EGS does not represent any of the Purchasers and only represents Pioneer. The Company has elected
to provide all Purchasers with the same terms and Transaction Documents for the convenience of the Company and not because it was required
or requested to do so by any of the Purchasers. It is expressly understood and agreed that each provision contained in this Agreement
and in each other Transaction Document is between the Company and a Purchaser, solely, and not between the Company and the Purchasers
collectively and not between and among the Purchasers.

43 

5.19
Liquidated Damages. The Companys obligations to pay any partial liquidated damages or other amounts owing under the Transaction
Documents is a continuing obligation of the Company and shall not terminate until all unpaid partial liquidated damages and other amounts
have been paid notwithstanding the fact that the instrument or security pursuant to which such partial liquidated damages or other amounts
are due and payable shall have been canceled.

5.20
Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required
or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business
Day.

5.21
Construction. The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise
the Transaction Documents and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against
the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each
and every reference to share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse
and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the
date of this Agreement.

5.22
WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY,
THE PARTIES EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY,
IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY. 

(Signature
Pages Follow)

44 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized
signatories as of the date first indicated above.

agriforce
growing systems ltd. Address
for Notice:

By: Email:

Name: 

Title: 

With
a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

[REMAINDER
OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

SIGNATURE
PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]

45 

[PURCHASER
SIGNATURE PAGES TO AGRI SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories
as of the date first indicated above.

Name
of Purchaser: ________________________________________________________

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser: __________________________________

Name
of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________________

Title
of Authorized Signatory: _____________________________________________________

Email
Address of Authorized Signatory: _____________________________________________

Address
for Notice to Purchaser:

Address
for Delivery of Securities to Purchaser (if not same as address for notice):

Subscription
Amount: $_____________

Principal
Amount (1.10 x Subscription Amount): $_____________

Warrant
Shares: _________________ Beneficial Ownership Blocker 9.99%

[SIGNATURE
PAGES CONTINUE]

46
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-2.htm
<TEXT>
EXHIBIT
10.2

EXHIBIT
A

NEITHER
THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY IS CONVERTIBLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED
(THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION
OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

Original
Issue Date: [______________

Original
Conversion Price (subject to adjustment herein): $____

$_______________

5%
COUPON, 10% ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT SENIOR SECURED CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURE

DUE
____, 2026

THIS
5% Coupon, 10% ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT SENIOR SECURED CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURE is one of a series of duly authorized and validly issued
5% Coupon, 10% Original Issue Discount Senior Secured Convertible Debentures of AgriFORCE Growth Systems Ltd. , a British Columbia
corporation (the Company), having its principal place of business at 300-2233 Columbia Street, Vancouver, BC V5Y
0M6, designated as its 5% Coupon, 10% Original Issue Discount Senior Secured Convertible Debenture due [______, 2026 (this debenture,
the Debenture and, collectively with the other debentures of such series, the Debentures).

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the Company promises to pay to ________________________ or its registered assigns (the Holder),
or shall have paid pursuant to the terms hereunder, the principal sum of $_______________ on [______, 2026 (the Maturity Date)
or such earlier or later date as this Debenture is required or permitted to be repaid as provided hereunder, and to pay interest to the
Holder on the aggregate unconverted and then outstanding principal amount of this Debenture in accordance with the provisions hereof.
The Maturity Date may be extended by six months (to ________, 2026) at the election of the Company by paying, at the end of month 12
after the Original Issue Date, a sum equal to six months interest on the principal amount outstanding at the end of such month 12 at
the rate of 8% per annum. The obligations under this Debenture are unsecured as to collateral but are subject to the guaranties delivered
by the Companys subsidiaries, as set forth in the Securities Purchase Agreement (as defined below). This Debenture is subject
to the following additional provisions:

1

Section
1. Definitions. For the purposes hereof, in addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Debenture, (a) capitalized terms
not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement and (b) the following terms shall have the following
meanings:

Alternate
Consideration shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(e).

Bankruptcy
Event means any of the following events: (a) the Company or any Significant Subsidiary (as such term is defined in Rule 1-02(w)
of Regulation S-X) thereof commences a case or other proceeding under any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment of debt,
relief of debtors, dissolution, insolvency or liquidation or similar law of any jurisdiction relating to the Company or any Significant
Subsidiary thereof, (b) there is commenced against the Company or any Significant Subsidiary thereof any such case or proceeding that
is not dismissed within 60 days after commencement, (c) the Company or any Significant Subsidiary thereof is adjudicated insolvent or
bankrupt or any order of relief or other order approving any such case or proceeding is entered, (d) the Company or any Significant Subsidiary
thereof suffers any appointment of any custodian or the like for it or any substantial part of its property that is not discharged or
stayed within 60 calendar days after such appointment, (e) the Company or any Significant Subsidiary thereof makes a general assignment
for the benefit of creditors, (f) the Company or any Significant Subsidiary thereof calls a meeting of its creditors with a view to arranging
a composition, adjustment or restructuring of its debts, (g) the Company or any Significant Subsidiary thereof admits in writing that
it is generally unable to pay its debts as they become due, (h) the Company or any Significant Subsidiary thereof, by any act or failure
to act, expressly indicates its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any of the foregoing or takes any corporate or other action
for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing.

Base
Conversion Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(b).

Beneficial
Ownership Limitation shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(d).

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized
or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee
or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority
so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York are generally
are open for use by customers on such day.

2

Buy-In
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(c)(v).

Change
of Control Transaction means the occurrence after the date hereof of any of (a) an acquisition after the date hereof by an
individual or legal entity or group (as described in Rule 13d-5(b)(1) promulgated under the Exchange Act) of effective
control (whether through legal or beneficial ownership of capital stock of the Company, by contract or otherwise) of in excess of 49%
of the voting securities of the Company (other than by means of conversion or exercise of the Debentures and the Securities issued together
with the Debentures), (b) the Company merges into or consolidates with any other Person, or any Person merges into or consolidates with
the Company and, after giving effect to such transaction, the stockholders of the Company immediately prior to such transaction own less
than 51% of the aggregate voting power of the Company or the successor entity of such transaction, (c) the Company (and all of its Subsidiaries,
taken as a whole) sells or transfers all or substantially all of its assets to another Person and the stockholders of the Company immediately
prior to such transaction own less than 51% of the aggregate voting power of the acquiring entity immediately after the transaction,
(d) a replacement at one time or within a three year period of more than one-half of the members of the Board of Directors which is not
approved by a majority of those individuals who are members of the Board of Directors on the Original Issue Date (or by those individuals
who are serving as members of the Board of Directors on any date whose nomination to the Board of Directors was approved by a majority
of the members of the Board of Directors who are members on the date hereof), or (e) the execution by the Company of an agreement to
which the Company is a party or by which it is bound, providing for any of the events set forth in clauses (a) through (d) above.

Conversion
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.

Conversion
Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(a).

Conversion
Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(b).

Conversion
Schedule means the Conversion Schedule in the form of Schedule 1 attached hereto.

Conversion
Shares means, collectively, the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Debenture in accordance with the terms
hereof.

Debenture
Register shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(c).

Dilutive
Issuance shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(b).

Dilutive
Issuance Notice shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(b).

Effectiveness
Period shall have the meaning set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement.

3

Equity
Conditions means, during the period in question, (a) the Company shall have duly honored all conversions and redemptions scheduled
to occur or occurring by virtue of one or more Notices of Conversion of the Holder, if any, (b) the Company shall have paid all liquidated
damages and other amounts owing to the Holder in respect of this Debenture, (c)(i) there is an effective Registration Statement pursuant
to which the Holder is permitted to utilize the prospectus thereunder to resell all of the shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to
the Transaction Documents (and the Company believes, in good faith, that such effectiveness will continue uninterrupted for the foreseeable
future) or (ii) all of the Conversion Shares issuable pursuant to the Transaction Documents (and shares issuable in lieu of cash payments
of interest) may be resold pursuant to Rule 144 without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or current public information requirements
as determined by the counsel to the Company as set forth in a written opinion letter to such effect, addressed and acceptable to the
Transfer Agent and the Holder, (d) the Common Stock is trading on a Trading Market and all of the shares issuable pursuant to the Transaction
Documents are listed or quoted for trading on such Trading Market (and the Company believes, in good faith, that trading of the Common
Stock on a Trading Market will continue uninterrupted for the foreseeable future), (e) there is a sufficient number of authorized but
unissued and otherwise unreserved shares of Common Stock for the issuance of all of the shares then issuable pursuant to the Transaction
Documents, (f) there is no existing Event of Default and no existing event which, with the passage of time or the giving of notice, would
constitute an Event of Default, (g) the issuance of the shares in question (or, in the case of a Monthly Redemption, the shares issuable
upon conversion in full of the Monthly Redemption Amount) to the Holder would not violate the limitations set forth in Section 4(d) herein,
(h) there has been no public announcement of a pending or proposed Fundamental Transaction or Change of Control Transaction that has
not been consummated, (i) the applicable Holder is not in possession of any information provided by the Company, any of its Subsidiaries,
or any of their officers, directors, employees, agents or Affiliates, that constitutes, or may constitute, material non-public information
and (j) for 17 out of 20 Trading Days, each Trading Day in a period of 20 consecutive Trading Days prior to the applicable date in question,
the daily trading volume for the Common Stock on the principal Trading Market exceeds $[750,000] per Trading Day, and the average daily
trading volume during such period exceeds $750,000.

Event
of Default shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8(a).

Fundamental
Transaction shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(e).

Interest
Payment Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(a).

Issuable
Maximum shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(e).

Late
Fees shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(d).

Mandatory
Default Amount means the sum of (a) the greater of (i) the outstanding principal amount of this Debenture, plus all accrued
and unpaid interest hereon, divided by the Conversion Price on the date the Mandatory Default Amount is either (A) demanded (if demand
or notice is required to create an Event of Default) or otherwise due or (B) paid in full, whichever has a lower Conversion Price, multiplied
by the VWAP on the date the Mandatory Default Amount is either (x) demanded or otherwise due or (y) paid in full, whichever has a higher
VWAP, or (ii) 120% of the outstanding principal amount of this Debenture, plus 100% of accrued and unpaid interest hereon, and (b) all
other amounts, costs, expenses and liquidated damages due in respect of this Debenture.

4

Monthly
Conversion Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(b) hereof.

Monthly
Conversion Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(b) hereof.

Monthly
Redemption means the redemption of this Debenture pursuant to Section 6(b) hereof.

Monthly
Redemption Amount means, as to a Monthly Redemption, 1/25th of the original principal amount of this Debenture,
plus accrued but unpaid interest, liquidated damages and any other amounts then owing to the Holder in respect of this Debenture. At
the Companys election, if the Equity Conditions are met with respect to such Monthly Redemption, the Monthly Redemption Amount
may be paid in cash or in registered shares of the Companys Common Stock, as set forth in Section 6(b). If the Company elects
to extend the Maturity Date as provided by the preamble to this Debenture, the remaining 13 Monthly Redemption Amounts shall each be
1/13th of the remaining outstanding Principal Amount of the Debenture on each such Monthly Redemption Date.

Monthly
Redemption Date means the 1st of each month, commencing on April 1, 2025 and terminating upon the full redemption
of this Debenture, and if the Debenture is issued in a tranche other than the initial tranche, the Monthly Redemption Date shall commence
on the three month anniversary of the date of issuance of the Debenture.

Monthly
Redemption Notice shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(b) hereof.

Delaware
Courts shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9(d).

Notice
of Conversion shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(a).

Optional
Redemption shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(a).

Optional
Redemption Amount means the sum of (a) 105% of the then outstanding principal amount of the Debenture (110% after 12 months
from the Original Issue Date), (b) accrued but unpaid interest and (c) all liquidated damages and other amounts due in respect of the
Debenture.

5

Optional
Redemption Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(a).

Optional
Redemption Notice shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(a).

Optional
Redemption Notice Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(a).

Optional
Redemption Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(a).

Original
Issue Date means the date of the first issuance of the Debentures, regardless of any transfers of any Debenture and regardless
of the number of instruments which may be issued to evidence such Debentures.

Permitted
Indebtedness means (a) the indebtedness evidenced by the Debentures, (b) the Indebtedness existing on the Original Issue Date
and set forth on Schedule 3.1(bb) attached to the Purchase Agreement, (c) trade debt, lease obligations and purchase money indebtedness
of up to $1,000,000, in the aggregate, incurred in connection with the acquisition of capital assets and lease obligations with respect
to newly acquired or leased assets, (d) indebtedness that (i) is expressly subordinate to the Debentures pursuant to a written subordination
agreement with the Purchasers that is acceptable to each Purchaser in its sole and absolute discretion and (ii) matures at a date later
than the 91st day following the Maturity Date and (e) an Indebtedness which is an Exempt Issuance.

Permitted
Lien means the individual and collective reference to the following: (a) Liens for taxes, assessments and other governmental
charges or levies not yet due or Liens for taxes, assessments and other governmental charges or levies being contested in good faith
and by appropriate proceedings for which adequate reserves (in the good faith judgment of the management of the Company) have been established
in accordance with GAAP, (b) Liens imposed by law which were incurred in the ordinary course of the Companys business, such as
carriers, warehousemens and mechanics Liens, statutory landlords Liens, and other similar Liens arising in
the ordinary course of the Companys business, and which (x) do not individually or in the aggregate materially detract from the
value of such property or assets or materially impair the use thereof in the operation of the business of the Company and its consolidated
Subsidiaries or (y) are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, which proceedings have the effect of preventing for
the foreseeable future the forfeiture or sale of the property or asset subject to such Lien, (c) Liens incurred in connection with Permitted
Indebtedness under clauses (a), (b), (d) and (e) thereunder, and (d) Liens incurred in connection with Permitted Indebtedness under clause
(c) thereunder, provided that such Liens are not secured by assets of the Company or its Subsidiaries other than the assets so acquired
or leased.

Purchase
Agreement means the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of the date of this Debenture among the Company and the original
Holders, as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with its terms.

6

Registration
Rights Agreement means the Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of the date of the Purchase Agreement, among the Company
and the original Holders, in the form of Exhibit B attached to the Purchase Agreement.

Registration
Statement means a registration statement meeting the requirements set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement and covering
the resale of the Underlying Shares by each Holder as provided for in the Registration Rights Agreement.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Share
Delivery Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(c)(ii).

Successor
Entity shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(e).

Threshold
Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(d).

Trading
Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock
Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30
a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average
price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not
then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market (or
a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common
Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser
selected in good faith by the Purchasers of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the
Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

7

Section
2. Interest.

a)
Payment of Interest in Cash. The Company shall pay interest to the Holder on the aggregate unconverted and then outstanding principal
amount of this Debenture at the rate of 5% per annum for the first 12 months following the Original Issue Dateand [8]% per annum thereafter
until the Maturity Date, payable on each Monthly Redemption Date (as to that principal amount then being redeemed), on each Conversion
Date (as to that principal amount then being converted), and on the Maturity Date (each such date, an Interest Payment Date)
(if any Interest Payment Date is not a Business Day, then the applicable payment shall be due on the next succeeding Business Day), in
cash.

b)
Interest Calculations. Interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year, consisting of twelve 30 calendar day periods,
and shall accrue daily commencing on the Original Issue Date until payment in full of the outstanding principal, together with all accrued
and unpaid interest, liquidated damages and other amounts which may become due hereunder, has been made. Payment of interest in shares
of Common Stock (other than the Interest Conversion Shares issued prior to an Interest Notice Period) shall otherwise occur pursuant
to Section 4(c)(ii) herein and, solely for purposes of the payment of interest in shares, the Interest Payment Date shall be deemed the
Conversion Date. Interest shall cease to accrue with respect to any principal amount converted, provided that, the Company actually delivers
the Conversion Shares within the time period required by Section 4(c)(ii) herein. Interest hereunder will be paid to the Person in whose
name this Debenture is registered on the records of the Company regarding registration and transfers of this Debenture (the Debenture
Register). Except as otherwise provided herein, if at any time the Company pays interest partially in cash and partially in
shares of Common Stock to the holders of the Debentures, then such payment of cash shall be distributed ratably among the holders of
the then-outstanding Debentures based on their (or their predecessors) initial purchases of Debentures pursuant to the Purchase
Agreement.

c)
Late Fee. All overdue accrued and unpaid interest to be paid hereunder shall entail a late fee at an interest rate equal to the
lesser of 18% per annum or the maximum rate permitted by applicable law (the Late Fees) which shall accrue daily
from the date such interest is due hereunder through and including the date of actual payment in full. Such Late Fee shall include any
interest due and owing hereunder and shall include any other interest otherwise owed and not be in addition to any other interest otherwise
owed.

d)
Prepayment. Except as otherwise set forth in this Debenture, the Company may not prepay any portion of the principal amount of
this Debenture if the Holder is a Required Holder without the prior written consent of such Required Holder. The Company must apply 50%
of all gross proceeds (less sales commissions) from the sale of its Common Stock from an at-the-market offering (as defined in Rule 415
under the Securities Act) or from one or more public offerings with gross proceeds of $3,000,000 or more in the aggregate to prepay this
Debenture (pro-rated among all Debentures), and shall be permitted to so prepay this Debenture notwithstanding any contrary provision
of this Debenture or the Purchase Agreement. Such prepayments shall be made on a weekly basis (if any sales have been made during such
week) on the Wednesday of the following week. The Company shall give notice to the Holder on the Monday of the following week that a
prepayment will be made on that Wednesday, with the amount of such prepayment.

8

Section
3. Registration of Transfers and Exchanges.

a)
Different Denominations. This Debenture is exchangeable for an equal aggregate principal amount of Debentures of different authorized
denominations, as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. No service charge will be payable for such registration of transfer
or exchange.

b)
Investment Representations. This Debenture has been issued subject to certain investment representations of the original Holder
set forth in the Purchase Agreement and may be transferred or exchanged only in compliance with the Purchase Agreement and applicable
federal and state securities laws and regulations.

c)
Reliance on Debenture Register. Prior to due presentment for transfer to the Company of this Debenture, the Company and any agent
of the Company may treat the Person in whose name this Debenture is duly registered on the Debenture Register as the owner hereof for
the purpose of receiving payment as herein provided and for all other purposes, whether or not this Debenture is overdue, and neither
the Company nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary.

Section
4. Conversion.

a)
Voluntary Conversion. At any time after the Original Issue Date until this Debenture is no longer outstanding, this Debenture
shall be convertible, in whole or in part, into shares of Common Stock at the option of the Holder, at any time and from time to time
(subject to the conversion limitations set forth in Section 4(d) hereof). The Holder shall effect conversions by delivering to the Company
a Notice of Conversion, the form of which is attached hereto as Annex A (each, a Notice of Conversion), specifying
therein the principal amount of this Debenture to be converted and the date on which such conversion shall be effected (such date, the
Conversion Date). If no Conversion Date is specified in a Notice of Conversion, the Conversion Date shall be the
date that such Notice of Conversion is deemed delivered hereunder. No ink-original Notice of Conversion shall be required, nor shall
any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Conversion form be required. To effect conversions
hereunder, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Debenture to the Company unless the entire principal amount
of this Debenture, plus all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, has been so converted in which case the Holder shall surrender this
Debenture as promptly as is reasonably practicable after such conversion without delaying the Companys obligation to deliver the
shares on the Share Delivery Date. Conversions hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding principal amount of this Debenture
in an amount equal to the applicable conversion. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the principal amount(s) converted
and the date of such conversion(s). The Company may deliver an objection to any Notice of Conversion within one (1) Business Day of delivery
of such Notice of Conversion. In the event of any dispute or discrepancy, the records of the Holder shall be controlling and determinative
in the absence of manifest error. The Holder, and any assignee by acceptance of this Debenture, acknowledge and agree that, by reason
of the provisions of this paragraph, following conversion of a portion of this Debenture, the unpaid and unconverted principal amount
of this Debenture may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

9

b)
Conversion Price. The conversion price in effect on any Conversion Date shall be equal to $____, subject to adjustment
herein (the Conversion Price).

c)
Mechanics of Conversion.

i.
Conversion Shares Issuable Upon Conversion of Principal Amount. The number of Conversion Shares issuable upon a conversion hereunder
shall be determined by the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the outstanding principal amount of this Debenture to be converted by (y)
the Conversion Price.

ii.
Delivery of Conversion Shares Upon Conversion. Not later than the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading
Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined below) after each Conversion Date (the Share Delivery Date),
the Company shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Holder (A) the Conversion Shares which, on or after the earlier of (i) the
six month anniversary of the Original Issue Date or (ii) the Effective Date, shall be free of restrictive legends and trading restrictions
(other than those which may then be required by the Purchase Agreement) representing the number of Conversion Shares being acquired upon
the conversion of this Debenture and (B) a bank check in the amount of accrued and unpaid interest. On or after the earlier of (i) the
six month anniversary of the Original Issue Date or (ii) the Effective Date, the Company shall deliver any Conversion Shares required
to be delivered by the Company under this Section 4(c) electronically through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing
corporation performing similar functions. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement
period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect
on the date of delivery of the Notice of Conversion.

iii.
Failure to Deliver Conversion Shares. If, in the case of any Notice of Conversion, such Conversion Shares are not delivered to
or as directed by the applicable Holder by the Share Delivery Date, the Holder shall be entitled to elect by written notice to the Company
at any time on or before its receipt of such Conversion Shares, to rescind such Conversion, in which event the Company shall promptly
return to the Holder any original Debenture delivered to the Company and the Holder shall promptly return to the Company the Conversion
Shares issued to such Holder pursuant to the rescinded Conversion Notice.

10

iv.
Obligation Absolute; Partial Liquidated Damages. The Companys obligations to issue and deliver the Conversion Shares upon
conversion of this Debenture in accordance with the terms hereof are absolute and unconditional, irrespective of any action or inaction
by the Holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision hereof, the recovery of any judgment against any
Person or any action to enforce the same, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged
breach by the Holder or any other Person of any obligation to the Company or any violation or alleged violation of law by the Holder
or any other Person, and irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the Company to the Holder
in connection with the issuance of such Conversion Shares; provided, however, that such delivery shall not operate as a
waiver by the Company of any such action the Company may have against the Holder. In the event the Holder of this Debenture shall elect
to convert any or all of the outstanding principal amount hereof, the Company may not refuse conversion based on any claim that the Holder
or anyone associated or affiliated with the Holder has been engaged in any violation of law, agreement or for any other reason, unless
an injunction from a court, on notice to Holder, restraining and or enjoining conversion of all or part of this Debenture shall have
been sought and obtained, and the Company posts a surety bond for the benefit of the Holder in the amount of 150% of the outstanding
principal amount of this Debenture, which is subject to the injunction, which bond shall remain in effect until the completion of arbitration/litigation
of the underlying dispute and the proceeds of which shall be payable to the Holder to the extent it obtains judgment. In the absence
of such injunction, the Company shall issue Conversion Shares or, if applicable, cash, upon a properly noticed conversion. If the Company
fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder such Conversion Shares pursuant to Section 4(c)(ii) by the Share Delivery Date, the Company
shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of principal amount being converted, $10
per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the fifth (5th) Trading Day after such liquidated damages begin to accrue)
for each Trading Day after such Share Delivery Date until such Conversion Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such conversion. Nothing
herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue actual damages or declare an Event of Default pursuant to Section 8 hereof for the
Companys failure to deliver Conversion Shares within the period specified herein and the Holder shall have the right to pursue
all remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive
relief. The exercise of any such rights shall not prohibit the Holder from seeking to enforce damages pursuant to any other Section hereof
or under applicable law.

11

v.
Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Conversion Shares Upon Conversion. In addition to any other rights available
to the Holder, if the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder such Conversion Shares by the Share Delivery Date pursuant
to Section 4(c)(ii), and if after such Share Delivery Date the Holder is required by its brokerage firm to purchase (in an open market
transaction or otherwise), or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction
of a sale by the Holder of the Conversion Shares which the Holder was entitled to receive upon the conversion relating to such Share
Delivery Date (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder (in addition to any other remedies
available to or elected by the Holder) the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including any brokerage
commissions) for the Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the product of (1) the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that the
Holder was entitled to receive from the conversion at issue multiplied by (2) the actual sale price at which the sell order giving rise
to such purchase obligation was executed (including any brokerage commissions) and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reissue (if
surrendered) this Debenture in a principal amount equal to the principal amount of the attempted conversion (in which case such conversion
shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued if the Company had
timely complied with its delivery requirements under Section 4(c)(ii). For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total
purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted conversion of this Debenture with respect to which the actual
sale price of the Conversion Shares (including any brokerage commissions) giving rise to such purchase obligation was a total of $10,000
under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence, the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide
the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence
of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder,
at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys
failure to timely deliver Conversion Shares upon conversion of this Debenture as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

vi.
Reservation of Shares Issuable Upon Conversion. The Company covenants that it will at all times reserve and keep available out
of its authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock for the sole purpose of issuance upon conversion of this Debenture and payment
of interest on this Debenture, each as herein provided, free from preemptive rights or any other actual contingent purchase rights of
Persons other than the Holder (and the other holders of the Debentures), not less than such aggregate number of shares of the Common
Stock as shall (subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Purchase Agreement) be issuable (taking into account the adjustments
and restrictions of Section 5) upon the conversion of the then outstanding principal amount of this Debenture and payment of interest
hereunder. The Company covenants that all shares of Common Stock that shall be so issuable shall, upon issue, be duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable and, if the Registration Statement is then effective under the Securities Act, shall be registered
for public resale in accordance with such Registration Statement (subject to such Holders compliance with its obligations under
the Registration Rights Agreement).

12

vii.
Fractional Shares. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the conversion of this Debenture.
As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such conversion, the Company shall at its
election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Conversion
Price or round up to the next whole share.

viii.
Transfer Taxes and Expenses. The issuance of Conversion Shares on conversion of this Debenture shall be made without charge to
the Holder hereof for any documentary stamp or similar taxes that may be payable in respect of the issue or delivery of such Conversion
Shares, provided that the Company shall not be required to pay any tax that may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the
issuance and delivery of any such Conversion Shares upon conversion in a name other than that of the Holder of this Debenture so converted
and the Company shall not be required to issue or deliver such Conversion Shares unless or until the Person or Persons requesting the
issuance thereof shall have paid to the Company the amount of such tax or shall have established to the satisfaction of the Company that
such tax has been paid. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Conversion and
all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day
electronic delivery of the Conversion Shares.

d)
Holders Conversion Limitations. The Company shall not effect any conversion of this Debenture, and a Holder shall not have
the right to convert any portion of this Debenture, to the extent that after giving effect to the conversion set forth on the applicable
Notice of Conversion, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons acting as a group together with
the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)) would beneficially own in
excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common
Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock
issuable upon conversion of this Debenture with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares
of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) conversion of the remaining, unconverted principal amount of this Debenture beneficially
owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted
portion of any other securities of the Company subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained
herein (including, without limitation, any other Debentures or the Warrants) beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates
or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 4(d), beneficial ownership shall
be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. To the extent
that the limitation contained in this Section 4(d) applies, the determination of whether this Debenture is convertible (in relation to
other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which principal amount of this Debenture
is convertible shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Conversion shall be deemed to be the
Holders determination of whether this Debenture may be converted (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together
with any Affiliates or Attribution Parties) and which principal amount of this Debenture is convertible, in each case subject to the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In
addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange
Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 4(d), in determining the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock, the Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys
most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company,
or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Companys transfer agent setting forth the number of shares of Common
Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within one Trading Day confirm orally and in writing
to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall
be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Debenture, by the Holder
or its Affiliates since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial
Ownership Limitation shall be 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect
to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Debenture. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase
or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 4(d), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in
no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares
of Common Stock upon conversion of this Debenture held by the Holder and the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section
4(d) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day
after such notice is delivered to the Company. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and
implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 4(d) to correct this paragraph (or any portion
hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation contained herein or to make changes
or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply
to a successor holder of this Debenture.

13

e)
Issuance Limitations. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if the Company has not obtained Shareholder Approval, then
the Company may not issue, upon conversion of this Debenture, a number of shares of Common Stock which, when aggregated with any shares
of Common Stock issued on or after the Original Issue Date and prior to such Conversion Date (i) in connection with the conversion of
any Debentures issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, (ii) in connection with the exercise of any Warrants issued pursuant to the
Purchase Agreement and (iii) in connection with any warrants issued to any registered broker-dealer as a fee in connection with the issuance
of the Securities pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, would exceed _______ shares of Common Stock (subject to adjustment for forward
and reverse stock splits, recapitalizations and the like) (such number of shares, the Issuable Maximum). Each Holder
shall be entitled to a portion of the Issuable Maximum equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the original principal amount of
the Holders Debenture by (y) the aggregate original principal amount of all Debentures issued on the Original Issue Date to all
Holders. In addition, each Holder may allocate its pro-rata portion of the Issuable Maximum among Debentures and Warrants held by it
in its sole discretion. Such portion shall be adjusted upward ratably in the event a Holder no longer holds any Debentures or Warrants
and the amount of shares issued to the Holder pursuant to the Holders Debentures and Warrants was less than the Holders
pro-rata share of the Issuable Maximum. For avoidance of doubt, unless and until any required Shareholder Approval is obtained and effective,
warrants issued to any registered broker-dealer as a fee in connection with the Securities issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement
as described in clause (iii) above shall provide that such warrants shall not be allocated any portion of the Issuable Maximum and shall
be unexercisable unless and until such Shareholder Approval is obtained and effective.

Section
5. Certain Adjustments.

a)
Stock Dividends and Stock Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Debenture is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or
otherwise makes a distribution or distributions payable in shares of Common Stock on shares of Common Stock or any Common Stock Equivalents
(which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon conversion of, or payment of
interest on, the Debentures), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including
by way of a reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares or (iv) issues, in the event of a
reclassification of shares of the Common Stock, any shares of capital stock of the Company, then the Conversion Price shall be multiplied
by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Company) outstanding
immediately before such event, and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after
such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination
of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in
the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

14

b)
Subsequent Equity Sales. If, at any time while this Debenture is outstanding, the Company or any Subsidiary, as applicable, sells
or grants any option to purchase or sells or grants any right to reprice, or otherwise disposes of or issues (or announces any sale,
grant or any option to purchase or other disposition), any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents entitling any Person to acquire shares
of Common Stock at an effective price per share that is lower than the then Conversion Price (such lower price, the Base Conversion
Price and such issuances, collectively, a Dilutive Issuance) (if the holder of the Common Stock or Common
Stock Equivalents so issued shall at any time, whether by operation of purchase price adjustments, reset provisions, floating conversion,
exercise or exchange prices or otherwise, or due to warrants, options or rights per share which are issued in connection with such issuance,
be entitled to receive shares of Common Stock at an effective price per share that is lower than the Conversion Price, such issuance
shall be deemed to have occurred for less than the Conversion Price on such date of the Dilutive Issuance), then simultaneously with
the consummation (or, if earlier, the announcement) of each Dilutive Issuance the Conversion Price shall be reduced to equal the Base
Conversion Price, provided that the Base Conversion Price shall not be less than $____ (subject to adjustment for reverse and forward
stock splits, recapitalizations and similar transactions following the date of the Purchase Agreement). Notwithstanding the foregoing,
no adjustment will be made under this Section 5(b) in respect of an Exempt Issuance. If the Company enters into a Variable Rate Transaction,
despite the prohibition set forth in the Purchase Agreement, the Company shall be deemed to have issued Common Stock or Common Stock
Equivalents at the lowest possible conversion price at which such securities may be converted or exercised. The Company shall notify
the Holder in writing, no later than the Trading Day following the issuance of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents subject to
this Section 5(b), indicating therein the applicable issuance price, or applicable reset price, exchange price, conversion price and
other pricing terms (such notice, the Dilutive Issuance Notice). For purposes of clarification, whether or not the
Company provides a Dilutive Issuance Notice pursuant to this Section 5(b), upon the occurrence of any Dilutive Issuance, the Holder is
entitled to receive a number of Conversion Shares based upon the Base Conversion Price on or after the date of such Dilutive Issuance,
regardless of whether the Holder accurately refers to the Base Conversion Price in the Notice of Conversion.

c)
Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 5(a) above, if at any time the Company grants,
issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record
holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire,
upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had
held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of this Debenture (without regard to any limitations on
exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is
taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders
of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however,
that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial
ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall
be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation).

d)
Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Debenture is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or
other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital
or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend,
spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution),
at any time after the issuance of this Debenture, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable
upon complete conversion of this Debenture (without regard to any limitations on conversion hereof, including without limitation, the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record
is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution
(provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result
in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the
portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would
not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

15

e)
Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Debenture is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one
or more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation or plan of arrangement of the Company with or into another Person, (ii)
the Company (and all of its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole), directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer,
conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct
or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which
holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted
by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Common Stock, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions
effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which
the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly,
in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without
limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby
such other Person or group acquires more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock
held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to,
such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination) (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon
any subsequent conversion of this Debenture, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Conversion Share that would have been
issuable upon such conversion immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in
Section 4(d) on the conversion of this Debenture), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or
of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration)
receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Debenture is
convertible immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 4(d) on the conversion of
this Debenture). For purposes of any such conversion, the determination of the Conversion Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply
to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one (1) share of Common Stock in
such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Conversion Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable
manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given
any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same
choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any conversion of this Debenture following such Fundamental Transaction. The
Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor
Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Debenture and the other Transaction Documents
(as defined in the Purchase Agreement) in accordance with the provisions of this Section 5(e) pursuant to written agreements in form
and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental
Transaction and shall, at the option of the holder of this Debenture, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Debenture a security
of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Debenture which is convertible
for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common
Stock acquirable and receivable upon conversion of this Debenture (without regard to any limitations on the conversion of this Debenture)
prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with a conversion price which applies the conversion price hereunder to such shares of capital
stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value
of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such conversion price being for the purpose of protecting
the economic value of this Debenture immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably
satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall
succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Debenture
and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise
every right and power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Debenture and the other Transaction
Documents with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein.

16

f)
Calculations. All calculations under this Section 5 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the
case may be. For purposes of this Section 5, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date
shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Company) issued and outstanding.

g)
Adjustment by the Company. Subject to the rules and regulation of the Principal Trading Market, the Company may at any time during
the term of this Debenture, with the prior written consent of 75% of the initial Purchasers, reduce the then current Conversion Price
of each of the Debentures to any amount and for any period of time deemed appropriate by the board of directors of the Company.

h)
Notice to the Holder.

i.
Adjustment to Conversion Price. Whenever the Conversion Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 5, the Company
shall promptly deliver to each Holder a notice setting forth the Conversion Price after such adjustment and setting forth a brief statement
of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii.
Notice to Allow Conversion by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form)
on the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the
Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock of rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares
of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with
any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company(and all of its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole)
is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the
Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution,
liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be filed at each office or agency
maintained for the purpose of conversion of this Debenture, and shall cause to be delivered to the Holder at its last address as it shall
appear upon the Debenture Register, at least twenty (20) calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified,
a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or
warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend,
distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger,
sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the
Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable
upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange, provided that the failure to deliver such notice
or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such
notice. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company
or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form
8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to convert this Debenture during the 20-day period commencing on the date of such notice through
the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

17

Section
6. Redemption.

a)
Optional Redemption at Election of Company. Subject to the provisions of this Section 6(a), at any time after 90 days after the
Effective Date, the Company may deliver a notice to the Holder (an Optional Redemption Notice and the date such
notice is deemed delivered hereunder, the Optional Redemption Notice Date) of its irrevocable election to redeem
some or all of the then outstanding principal amount of this Debenture for cash in an amount equal to the Optional Redemption Amount
on the 20th Trading Day following the Optional Redemption Notice Date (such date, the Optional Redemption Date,
such 20 Trading Day period, the Optional Redemption Period and such redemption, the Optional Redemption).
The Optional Redemption Amount is payable in full on the Optional Redemption Date. The Company may only effect an Optional Redemption
if each of the Equity Conditions shall have been met (unless waived in writing by the Holder) on each Trading Day during the period commencing
on the Optional Redemption Notice Date through to the Optional Redemption Date and through and including the date payment of the Optional
Redemption Amount is actually made in full. If any of the Equity Conditions shall cease to be satisfied at any time during the Optional
Redemption Period, then the Holder may elect to nullify the Optional Redemption Notice by notice to the Company within 3 Trading Days
after the first day on which any such Equity Condition has not been met (provided that if, by a provision of the Transaction Documents,
the Company is obligated to notify the Holder of the non-existence of an Equity Condition, such notice period shall be extended to the
third Trading Day after proper notice from the Company) in which case the Optional Redemption Notice shall be null and void, ab initio.
The Company covenants and agrees that it will honor all Notices of Conversion tendered from the time of delivery of the Optional Redemption
Notice through the date all amounts owing thereon are due and paid in full. The Companys determination to pay an Optional Redemption
in cash shall be applied ratably to all of the holders of the then outstanding Debentures based on their (or their predecessors)
initial purchases of Debentures pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.

b)
Monthly Redemption. On each Monthly Redemption Date, the Company shall redeem the Monthly Redemption Amount (the Monthly
Redemption). The Monthly Redemption Amount payable on each Monthly Redemption Date shall be paid in cash; provided,
however, as to any Monthly Redemption and upon 30 calendar days prior written irrevocable notice (the Monthly
Redemption Notice), in lieu of a cash redemption payment the Company may elect to pay all or part of a Monthly Redemption
Amount in Conversion Shares based on a conversion price equal to the lesser of (i) the then Conversion Price and (ii) 85% of the average
of the lowest three of ten VWAPs on the ten Trading Days that are immediately prior to the applicable Monthly Redemption Date but not
lower than the minimum adjusted price permitted by Nasdaq listing rules (subject to adjustment for any stock dividend, stock split, stock
combination or other similar event affecting the Common Stock (the price calculated on the Trading Day immediately prior to the Monthly
Redemption Date, the Monthly Conversion Price and such pricing period, the Monthly Conversion Period);
provided, further, that the Company may not pay the Monthly Redemption Amount in Conversion Shares unless from the date
the Holder receives the duly delivered Monthly Redemption Notice through and until the date such Monthly Redemption is paid in full,
the Equity Conditions have been satisfied, unless waived in writing by the Holder. The Holder may convert, pursuant to Section 4(a),
any principal amount of this Debenture subject to a Monthly Redemption at any time prior to the date that the Monthly Redemption Amount,
plus accrued but unpaid interest, liquidated damages and any other amounts then owing to the Holder are due and paid in full, and any
amount thus not converted, must be converted/paid pursuant to the Companys Monthly Redemption Notice. Unless otherwise indicated
by the Holder in the applicable Notice of Conversion, any principal amount of this Debenture converted during the applicable Monthly
Conversion Period until the date the Monthly Redemption Amount is paid in full shall be first applied to the principal amount subject
to the Monthly Redemption Amount payable in cash and then to the Monthly Redemption Amount payable in Conversion Shares. Any principal
amount of this Debenture converted during the applicable Monthly Conversion Period in excess of the Monthly Redemption Amount shall be
applied against the last principal amount of this Debenture scheduled to be redeemed hereunder, in reverse time order from the Maturity
Date. The Company covenants and agrees that it will honor all Notices of Conversion tendered up until such amounts are paid in full.
The Companys determination to pay a Monthly Redemption in cash, shares of Common Stock or a combination thereof shall be applied
ratably to all of the holders of the then outstanding Debentures based on their (or their predecessors) initial purchases of Debentures
pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. . Notwithstanding anything to the foregoing, Monthly Redemption Amounts may be deferred or reallocated
as set forth in a written notice delivered by the Holder if the Holder is a Required Holder to the Company from time to time (which may
be delivered by e-mail) and up to the entire remaining principal balance of their own Debenture may be accelerated by the Required Holder
in one more conversions at any time (each, an Acceleration, the date of such Acceleration, the Acceleration Date
and the accelerated amount, the Acceleration Amount) , provided that shares received pursuant to such accelerations may
only be sold by the Required Holder (or its Affiliates) up to 20% of volume of shares of Common Stock then traded on the capital markets
on any given Trading Day (the Leak Out Provision), except that if the sale price of a share of the Common Stock is at least
three percent (3%) higher than the Companys per share closing price (as reported by Bloomberg, LP) on the Trading Day immediately
prior to such date of determination, then the Leak Out Provision shall not apply on such date of determination . The Acceleration Amount
shall be paid in Conversion Shares based on a conversion price equal to the lesser of (i) the then Conversion Price and (ii) 85% of the
lowest three of ten VWAPs on the ten Trading Days that are immediately prior to the applicable Acceleration Date but not lower than the
minimum adjusted price permitted by Nasdaq listing rules (subject to adjustment for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination
or other similar event affecting the Common Stock. 

18

c)
Redemption Procedure. The payment of cash or issuance of Common Stock, as applicable, pursuant to a Monthly Redemption shall be
payable on the Monthly Redemption Date. If any portion of the payment pursuant to a Monthly Redemption shall not be paid by the Company
by the applicable due date, interest shall accrue thereon at an interest rate equal to the lesser of 18% per annum or the maximum rate
permitted by applicable law until such amount is paid in full. Notwithstanding anything herein contained to the contrary, if any portion
of the Monthly Redemption Amount remains unpaid after such date, the Holder may elect, by written notice to the Company given at any
time thereafter, to invalidate such Monthly Redemption, ab initio. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 6,
the Companys determination to redeem in cash or its elections under Section 6(b) shall be applied ratably among the Holders of
Debentures. The Holder may elect to convert the outstanding principal amount of the Debenture pursuant to Section 4 prior to actual payment
in cash for any redemption under this Section 6 by the delivery of a Notice of Conversion to the Company.

Section
7. Negative Covenants. As long as any portion of this Debenture remains outstanding, unless the Required Holders shall have
otherwise given prior written consent, the Company shall not, and shall not permit any of the Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly:

a)
other than Permitted Indebtedness, enter into, create, incur, assume, guarantee or suffer to exist any indebtedness for borrowed money
of any kind, including, but not limited to, a guarantee, on or with respect to any of its property or assets now owned or hereafter acquired
or any interest therein or any income or profits therefrom;

b)
other than Permitted Liens, enter into, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Liens of any kind, on or with respect to any of
its property or assets now owned or hereafter acquired or any interest therein or any income or profits therefrom;

c)
amend its charter documents, including, without limitation, its certificate of incorporation and bylaws, in any manner that materially
and adversely affects any rights of the Holder;

d)
repay, repurchase or offer to repay, repurchase or otherwise acquire more than a de minimis number of shares of its Common Stock
or Common Stock Equivalents other than as to (i) the Conversion Shares or Warrant Shares as permitted or required under the Transaction
Documents and (ii) repurchases of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents of departing officers and directors of the Company, provided
that such repurchases shall not exceed an aggregate of $100,000 for all officers and directors during the term of this Debenture;

19

e)
repay, repurchase or offer to repay, repurchase or otherwise acquire any Indebtedness, other than the Debentures if on a pro-rata basis,
other than regularly scheduled principal and interest payments as such terms are in effect as of the Original Issue Date, provided that
such payments shall not be permitted if, at such time, or after giving effect to such payment, any Event of Default exist or occur;

f)
pay cash dividends or distributions on any equity securities of the Company;

g)
enter into any transaction with any Affiliate of the Company which would be required to be disclosed in any public filing with the Commission,
unless such transaction is made on an arms-length basis and expressly approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of
the Company (even if less than a quorum otherwise required for board approval); 

h)
at any time, have available cash in its bank accounts and/or Bitcoin in custody of less than $100,000;

i)
not have Jolie Kahn, as Chief Executive Officer; or

j)
enter into any agreement with respect to any of the foregoing.

Section
8. Events of Default.

a)
Event of Default means, wherever used herein, any of the following events (whatever the reason for such event and
whether such event shall be voluntary or involuntary or effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of
any court, or any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body):

i.
any default in the payment of (A) the principal amount of any Debenture or (B) interest, liquidated damages and other amounts owing to
a Holder on any Debenture, as and when the same shall become due and payable (whether on a Conversion Date or the Maturity Date or by
acceleration or otherwise) which default, solely in the case of an interest payment or other default under clause (B) above, is not cured
within 3 Trading Days;

ii.
the Company shall fail to observe or perform any other covenant or agreement contained in the Debentures (other than a breach by the
Company of its obligations to deliver shares of Common Stock to the Holder upon conversion, which breach is addressed in clause (xi)
below) or in any Transaction Document, which failure is not cured, if possible to cure, within the earlier to occur of (A) 5 Trading
Days after notice of such failure sent by the Holder or by any other Holder to the Company and (B) 10 Trading Days after the Company
has become or should have become aware of such failure;

20

iii.
a default or event of default (subject to any grace or cure period provided in the applicable agreement, document or instrument) shall
occur under (A) any of the Transaction Documents or (B) any other material agreement, lease, document or instrument to which the Company
or any Subsidiary is obligated (and not covered by clause (vi) below);

iv.
any representation or warranty made in this Debenture, any other Transaction Documents, any written statement pursuant hereto or thereto
or any other report, financial statement or certificate made or delivered to the Holder or any other Holder shall be untrue or incorrect
in any material respect as of the date when made or deemed made;

v.
the Company or any Significant Subsidiary (as such term is defined in Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X) shall be subject to a Bankruptcy
Event;

vi.
the Company or any Subsidiary shall default on any of its obligations under any mortgage, credit agreement or other facility, indenture
agreement, factoring agreement or other instrument under which there may be issued, or by which there may be secured or evidenced, any
indebtedness for borrowed money or money due under any long term leasing or factoring arrangement that (a) involves an obligation greater
than $150,000, whether such indebtedness now exists or shall hereafter be created, and (b) results in such indebtedness becoming or being
declared due and payable prior to the date on which it would otherwise become due and payable;

vii.
the Common Stock shall not be eligible for listing or quotation for trading on a Trading Market and shall not be eligible to resume listing
or quotation for trading thereon within five Trading Days;

viii.
the Company (and all of its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole) shall be a party to any Change of Control Transaction or Fundamental Transaction
or shall agree to sell or dispose of all or in excess of 33% of its assets in one transaction or a series of related transactions (whether
or not such sale would constitute a Change of Control Transaction);

ix.
the Initial Registration Statement (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) shall not have been declared effective by the Commission
on or prior to the 120th calendar day after the Closing Date or the Company does not meet the current public information requirements
under Rule 144 in respect of the Registrable Securities (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement);

x.
if, during the Effectiveness Period (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement), either (a) the effectiveness of the Registration
Statement lapses for any reason or (b) the Holder shall not be permitted to resell Registrable Securities (as defined in the Registration
Rights Agreement) under the Registration Statement for a period of more than 20 consecutive Trading Days or 30 non-consecutive Trading
Days during any 12 month period; provided, however, that if the Company is negotiating a merger, consolidation, acquisition
or sale of all or substantially all of its assets or a similar transaction and, in the written opinion of counsel to the Company, the
Registration Statement would be required to be amended to include information concerning such pending transaction(s) or the parties thereto
which information is not available or may not be publicly disclosed at the time, the Company shall be permitted an additional 10 consecutive
Trading Days during any 12 month period pursuant to this Section 8(a)(x);

21

xi.
the Company shall fail for any reason to deliver Conversion Shares to a Holder prior to the fifth Trading Day after a Conversion Date
pursuant to Section 4(c) or the Company shall provide at any time notice to the Holder, including by way of public announcement, of the
Companys intention to not honor requests for conversions of any Debentures in accordance with the terms hereof;

xii.
any Person shall breach any agreement delivered to the initial Holders pursuant to Section 2.2 of the Purchase Agreement;

xiii.
the electronic transfer by the Company of shares of Common Stock through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing
corporation is no longer available or is subject to a chill;

xiv.
any monetary judgment, writ or similar final process shall be entered or filed against the Company, any subsidiary or any of their respective
property or other assets for more than $100,000, and such judgment, writ or similar final process shall remain unvacated, unbonded or
unstayed for a period of 45 calendar days;

xv.
a false or inaccurate certification (including a false or inaccurate deemed certification) by the Company that the Equity Conditions
are satisfied or that there has been no Equity Conditions Failure or as to whether any Event of Default has occurred; or

xvi.
any Issuer Covered Person shall have suffered a Disqualification Event.

b)
Remedies Upon Event of Default. If any Event of Default occurs, the outstanding principal amount of this Debenture, plus accrued
but unpaid interest, liquidated damages and other amounts owing in respect thereof through the date of acceleration, shall become, at
the Holders election, immediately due and payable in cash at the Mandatory Default Amount. By way of clarification, an Event of
Default may only be called with the consent of the Required Holders. Commencing 5 days after the occurrence of any Event of Default that
results in the eventual acceleration of this Debenture, the interest rate on this Debenture shall accrue at an interest rate equal to
the lesser of 18% per annum or the maximum rate permitted under applicable law. Upon the payment in full of the Mandatory Default Amount,
the Holder shall promptly surrender this Debenture to or as directed by the Company. In connection with such acceleration described herein,
the Holder need not provide, and the Company hereby waives, any presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, and the Holder
may immediately and without expiration of any grace period enforce any and all of its rights and remedies hereunder and all other remedies
available to it under applicable law. Such acceleration may be rescinded and annulled by Holder at any time prior to payment hereunder
and the Holder shall have all rights as a holder of the Debenture until such time, if any, as the Holder receives full payment pursuant
to this Section 8(b). No such rescission or annulment shall affect any subsequent Event of Default or impair any right consequent thereon.

22

Section
9. Miscellaneous.

a)
Notices. Monthly Redemption Notices must be delivered by email only, and may not be delivered on any United States Federal holiday.
Any and all other notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holder hereunder, including, without limitation,
any Notice of Conversion, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by email attachment, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight
courier service, addressed to the Company, at the address set forth above, or such other email address, or address as the Company may
specify for such purposes by notice to the Holder delivered in accordance with this Section 9(a). Any and all notices or other communications
or deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by email attachment, or sent by a
nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder at the email address or address of the Holder appearing on the
books of the Company, or if no such email attachment or address appears on the books of the Company, at the principal place of business
of such Holder, as set forth in the Purchase Agreement. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given
and effective on the earliest of (i) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email attachment to the
email address set forth on the signature pages attached hereto prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading
Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email attachment to the email address set forth
on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading
Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (iv)
upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given.

b)
Absolute Obligation. Except as expressly provided herein, no provision of this Debenture shall alter or impair the obligation
of the Company, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of, liquidated damages and accrued interest, as applicable,
on this Debenture at the time, place, and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed. This Debenture is a direct debt obligation
of the Company. This Debenture ranks pari passu with all other Debentures now or hereafter issued under the terms set forth herein
and is secured by a lien on all of the Companys assets pursuant to the Security Agreement issued by the Company to the Holder
in conjunction herewith.

23

c)
Lost or Mutilated Debenture. If this Debenture shall be mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall execute and deliver,
in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation of a mutilated Debenture, or in lieu of or in substitution for a lost, stolen
or destroyed Debenture, a new Debenture for the principal amount of this Debenture so mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, but only
upon receipt of evidence of such loss, theft or destruction of such Debenture, and of the ownership hereof, reasonably satisfactory to
the Company.

d)
Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Debenture shall be
governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the principles
of conflict of laws thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretation, enforcement and defense of the
transactions contemplated by any of the Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective Affiliates, directors,
officers, shareholders, employees or agents) shall be commenced in the state and federal courts sitting in the Wilmington Delaware (the
Delaware Courts). Each party hereto hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Courts
for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein
(including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert
in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of such Delaware Courts, or such Delaware
Courts are improper or inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents
to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight
delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Debenture and agrees that such
service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit
in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by applicable law. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to
the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating
to this Debenture or the transactions contemplated hereby. If any party shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions
of this Debenture, then the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its attorneys fees
and other costs and expenses incurred in the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

e)
Waiver. Any waiver by the Company or the Holder of a breach of any provision of this Debenture shall not operate as or be construed
to be a waiver of any other breach of such provision or of any breach of any other provision of this Debenture. The failure of the Company
or the Holder to insist upon strict adherence to any term of this Debenture on one or more occasions shall not be considered a waiver
or deprive that party of the right thereafter to insist upon strict adherence to that term or any other term of this Debenture on any
other occasion. Any waiver by the Company or the Holder must be in writing. Any amendment to this Debenture shall require the written
consent of the Holder and the Company.

24

f)
Severability. If any provision of this Debenture is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the balance of this Debenture shall remain
in effect, and if any provision is inapplicable to any Person or circumstance, it shall nevertheless remain applicable to all other Persons
and circumstances. If it shall be found that any interest or other amount deemed interest due hereunder violates the applicable law governing
usury, the applicable rate of interest due hereunder shall automatically be lowered to equal the maximum rate of interest permitted under
applicable law. The Company covenants (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) that it shall not at any time insist upon, plead, or
in any manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any stay, extension or usury law or other law which would prohibit
or forgive the Company from paying all or any portion of the principal of or interest on this Debenture as contemplated herein, wherever
enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, or which may affect the covenants or the performance of this Debenture, and the Company
(to the extent it may lawfully do so) hereby expressly waives all benefits or advantage of any such law, and covenants that it will not,
by resort to any such law, hinder, delay or impede the execution of any power herein granted to the Holder, but will suffer and permit
the execution of every such as though no such law has been enacted.

g)
Remedies, Characterizations, Other Obligations, Breaches and Injunctive Relief. The remedies provided in this Debenture shall
be cumulative and in addition to all other remedies available under this Debenture and any of the other Transaction Documents at law
or in equity (including a decree of specific performance and/or other injunctive relief), and nothing herein shall limit the Holders
right to pursue actual and consequential damages for any failure by the Company to comply with the terms of this Debenture. The Company
covenants to the Holder that there shall be no characterization concerning this instrument other than as expressly provided herein. Amounts
set forth or provided for herein with respect to payments, conversion and the like (and the computation thereof) shall be the amounts
to be received by the Holder and shall not, except as expressly provided herein, be subject to any other obligation of the Company (or
the performance thereof). The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the
Holder and that the remedy at law for any such breach may be inadequate. The Company therefore agrees that, in the event of any such
breach or threatened breach, the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to an injunction restraining
any such breach or any such threatened breach, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security
being required. The Company shall provide all information and documentation to the Holder that is requested by the Holder to enable the
Holder to confirm the Companys compliance with the terms and conditions of this Debenture.

h)
Next Business Day. Whenever any payment or other obligation hereunder shall be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment
shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day.

i)
Headings. The headings contained herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Debenture and shall not be
deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

Section
10. Disclosure. Upon receipt or delivery by the Company of any notice in accordance with the terms of this Debenture, unless the
Company has in good faith determined that the matters relating to such notice do not constitute material, nonpublic information relating
to the Company or its Subsidiaries, the Company shall within two (2) Business Days after such receipt or delivery publicly disclose such
material, nonpublic information on a Current Report on Form 8-K or otherwise. In the event that the Company believes that a notice contains
material, non-public information relating to the Company or its Subsidiaries, the Company so shall indicate to the Holder contemporaneously
with delivery of such notice, and in the absence of any such indication, the Holder shall be allowed to presume that all matters relating
to such notice do not constitute material, nonpublic information relating to the Company or its Subsidiaries.

*********************

(Signature
Page Follows)

25

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Debenture to be duly executed by a duly authorized officer as of the date first above indicated.

AgriFORCE
Growth Systems ltd.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

26

ANNEX
A

NOTICE
OF CONVERSION

The
undersigned hereby elects to convert principal under the 5% Coupon, 10% Original Issue Discount Senior Secured Convertible Debenture
due [______, 2026 of AgriFORCE Growth Systems Ltd., a British Columbia corporation (the Company), into shares of
common stock (the Common Stock), of the Company according to the conditions hereof, as of the date written below.
If shares of Common Stock are to be issued in the name of a person other than the undersigned, the undersigned will pay all transfer
taxes payable with respect thereto and is delivering herewith such certificates and opinions as reasonably requested by the Company in
accordance therewith. No fee will be charged to the holder for any conversion, except for such transfer taxes, if any.

By
the delivery of this Notice of Conversion the undersigned represents and warrants to the Company that its ownership of the Common Stock
does not exceed the amounts specified under Section 4 of this Debenture, as determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange
Act.

The
undersigned agrees to comply with the prospectus delivery requirements under the applicable securities laws in connection with any transfer
of the aforesaid shares of Common Stock.

Conversion
calculations: 

Date
to Effect Conversion:

Principal
Amount of Debenture to be Converted:

Number
of shares of Common Stock to be issued:

Signature:

Name:

Address
for Delivery of Common Stock Certificates:

Or

DWAC
Instructions:

Broker
No:_______________

Account
No:_____________

27

Schedule
1

CONVERSION
SCHEDULE

The
5% Coupon, 10% Original Issue Discount Senior Secured Convertible Debentures due on [______, 2026 in the aggregate principal amount of
$____________ are issued by AgriFORCE Growth Systems Ltd., a British Columbia corporation. This Conversion Schedule reflects conversions
made under Section 4 of the above referenced Debenture.

Dated:

Date
of Conversion

(or
for first entry, Original Issue Date) Amount
of Conversion 

Aggregate
Principal Amount Remaining Subsequent to Conversion

(or
original Principal Amount) Company
Attest

28
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex10-3.htm
<TEXT>
EXHIBIT
10.3

EXHIBIT
C

NEITHER
THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED
(THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE
OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

COMMON
STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

agriforce
growing systems ltd.

Warrant
Shares: [_______

THIS
COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, __________________ or its assigns
(the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter
set forth, at any time on or after the Effective Date (the Initial Exercise Date) and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New
York City time) on the 42nd monthly anniversary of the Effective Date (the Termination Date) but not
thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from AgriFORCE Growing Systems Ltd., a British Columbia corporation (the Company),
up to ______ shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares) of Common Stock. The purchase price
of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section
1. Definitions. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in that certain
Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement), dated January __, 2025, among the Company and the purchasers
signatory thereto.

1

Section
2. Exercise.

a)
Exercise of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time
or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed PDF
copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice of Exercise).
Within the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined
in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the
shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless
the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice
of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise
be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to
the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full,
in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation as soon as reasonably practicable of the date
on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion
of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares
purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain
records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any
Notice of Exercise within one (1) Business Day of receipt of such notice. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Notice(s)
of Exercise delivered on or prior to 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Date prior to the Initial Exercise Date, which may
be delivered at any time after the time of execution of the Purchase Agreement, the Company agrees to deliver the Warrant Shares subject
to such notice(s) by 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Initial Exercise Date and the Initial Exercise Date shall be the Warrant Share
Delivery Date for purposes hereunder, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise)
is received by such Warrant Share Delivery Date. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree
that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number
of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

b)
Exercise Price. The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $_____, subject to adjustment
hereunder (the Exercise Price).

2

c)
Cashless Exercise. If at the time of exercise hereof there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus
contained therein is not available for the resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder, then this Warrant may also be exercised, in whole
or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant
Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A)
= as
applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of
Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed
and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined
in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option of the Holder,
either (y) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise or (z) the Bid Price of
the Common Stock on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg) as of the time of
the Holders execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading
hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close of
regular trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable
Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered
pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

(B)
= the
Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and 

(X)
= the
number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such
exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the
Securities Act, the holding period of the Warrant Shares being issued may be tacked on to the holding period of this Warrant. The Company
agrees not to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

Bid
Price means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock
is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m.
(New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price
of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then
listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market (or a similar
organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported,
or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good
faith by the Purchasers of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees
and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

3

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m.
(New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price
of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then
listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market (or a similar
organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported,
or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good
faith by the Purchasers of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees
and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, on the Termination Date, this Warrant shall be automatically exercised via cashless exercise pursuant
to this Section 2(c).

d)
Mechanics of Exercise.

i.
Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by
the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository
Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant
in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale
of the Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B) the Warrant Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder without volume or manner-of-sale
limitations pursuant to Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants), and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered
in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder
is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earliest
of (i) one (1) Trading Day after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise and (ii) one (1) Trading Day after delivery of
the aggregate Exercise Price to the Company after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant
Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have
become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of
delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise)
is received within one (1) Trading Day following delivery of the Notice of Exercise. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to
the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder,
in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of
the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the third
Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares
are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program
so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the
standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the
Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise.

4

ii.
Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of
a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant
evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in
all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii.
Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section
2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

iv.
Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to
the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions
of Section 2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required
by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares
of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon
such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x)
the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds
(y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection
with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B)
at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise
was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock
that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the
Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares
of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately
preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating
the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing
herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without
limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares
of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

5

v.
No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise
of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company
shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied
by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

vi.
Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax
or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company,
and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided,
however, that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when
surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may
require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company
shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company
(or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

6

vii.
Closing of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise
of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

e) Holders
Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and
a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section
2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise as
set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders
Affiliates, and any other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the
Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)), would
beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For
purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned
by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares
of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination
is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable
upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned
by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion
of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including,
without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion
or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder
or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence,
for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance
with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder,
it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that
such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is
solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the
extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether
this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together
with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable
shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise
shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable
(in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution
Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm
the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as
contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act
and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e),
in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the
number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most
recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more
recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company
or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon
the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within one Trading Day confirm
orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding.
In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving
effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant,
by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number
of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation
shall be 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after
giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant.
The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation
in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately
after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant
held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase
in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day
after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be
construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms
of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective
or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to
make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation.
The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

7

f) Issuance
Restrictions. If the Company has not obtained Shareholder Approval, then the Company
may not issue upon exercise of this Warrant a number of shares of Common Stock, which, when
aggregated with any shares of Common Stock issued (i) pursuant to the conversion of any Debentures
issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement and, (ii) upon prior exercise of this or any other
Warrant issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement would exceed _________, subject to adjustment
for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar
transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of the Purchase Agreement (such
number of shares, the Issuable Maximum). The Holder and the holders
of the other Warrants issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement shall be entitled to a portion
of the Issuable Maximum equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the Holders
original Subscription Amount by (y) the aggregate original Subscription Amount of all holders
pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. In addition, the Holder may allocate its pro-rata portion
of the Issuable Maximum among Warrants held by it in its sole discretion. Such portion shall
be adjusted upward ratably in the event a Purchaser no longer holds any Warrants and the
amount of shares issued to such Purchaser pursuant to its Warrants was less than such Purchasers
pro-rata share of the Issuable Maximum. For avoidance of doubt, unless and until any required
Shareholder Approval is obtained and effective, warrants issued to any registered broker-dealer
as a fee in connection with the Securities issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement as described
in clause (iii) above shall provide that such warrants shall not be allocated any portion
of the Issuable Maximum and shall be unexercisable unless and until such Shareholder Approval
is obtained and effective.

Section
3. Certain Adjustments.

a)
Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise
makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares
of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this
Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse
stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the
Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which
the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event
and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of
shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant
shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for
the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the
effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

b)
Subsequent Equity Sales. If the Company or any Subsidiary thereof, as applicable, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding,
shall sell, enter into an agreement to sell, or grant any option to purchase, or sell or grant any right to reprice, or otherwise dispose
of or issue (or announce any offer, sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition) any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents,
at an effective price per share less than the Exercise Price then in effect (such lower price, the Base Share Price
and such issuances collectively, a Dilutive Issuance) (it being understood and agreed that if the holder of the
Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents so issued shall at any time, whether by operation of purchase price adjustments, reset provisions,
floating conversion, exercise or exchange prices or otherwise, or due to warrants, options or rights per share which are issued in connection
with such issuance, be entitled to receive shares of Common Stock at an effective price per share that is less than the Exercise Price,
such issuance shall be deemed to have occurred for less than the Exercise Price on such date of the Dilutive Issuance at such effective
price), then simultaneously with the consummation (or, if earlier, the announcement) of each Dilutive Issuance the Exercise Price shall
be reduced and only reduced to equal the Base Share Price, provided that the Base Share Price shall not be less than $___1
(subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, recapitalizations and similar transactions following the date of the Purchase
Agreement). No change in the number of Warrant Shares shall be made pursuant to this subsection (subject to adjustment for reverse and
forward stock splits, recapitalizations and similar transactions following the date of the Purchase Agreement). Notwithstanding the foregoing,
no adjustments shall be made, paid or issued under this Section 3(b) in respect of an Exempt Issuance. The Company shall notify the Holder,
in writing, no later than the Trading Day following the issuance or deemed issuance of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents subject
to this Section 3(b), indicating therein the applicable issuance price, or applicable reset price, exchange price, conversion price and
other pricing terms (such notice, the Dilutive Issuance Notice). For purposes of clarification, whether or not the
Company provides a Dilutive Issuance Notice pursuant to this Section 3(b), upon the occurrence of any Dilutive Issuance, the Holder is
entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares based upon the Base Share Price regardless of whether the Holder accurately refers to
the Base Share Price in the Notice of Exercise. If the Company enters into a Variable Rate Transaction, the Company shall be deemed to
have issued Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents at the lowest possible price, conversion price or exercise price at which such securities
may be issued, converted or exercised.

1
greater of (i) $0.10 and (ii) 20% of the Nasdaq Official Closing Price of the Common Stock on the date prior to the execution of
the Purchase Agreement

8

c)
Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants,
issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record
holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire,
upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had
held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise
hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for
the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares
of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that, to
the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership
of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held
in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation).

d)
Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or
other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital
or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend,
spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution),
at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable
upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the
date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided,
however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent
(or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such
Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result
in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). To the extent that this Warrant has not been partially or completely exercised
at the time of such Distribution, such portion of the Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until the
Holder has exercised this Warrant.

9

e)
Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or
more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company (or any Subsidiary),
directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially
all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange
offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender
or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding
Common Stock, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization
or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted
into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions
consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization,
spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires more than
50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or 50% or more of the voting power of the common equity of the Company (each a Fundamental
Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant
Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option
of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock
of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the
Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares
of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation
in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be
appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of
one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration
in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common
Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall
be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in the event of a Fundamental Transaction, other than one in which a Successor Entity (as defined
below) that is a publicly traded corporation whose stock is quoted or listed on a Trading Market assumes this Warrant such that the Warrant
shall be exercisable for the publicly traded Common Stock of such Successor Entity, the Company or any Successor Entity (as defined below)
shall, at the Holders option, exercisable at any time concurrently with, or within 30 days after, the consummation of the Fundamental
Transaction (or, if later, the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction), purchase this Warrant from
the Holder by paying to the Holder an amount of cash equal to the Black Scholes Value (as defined below) of the remaining unexercised
portion of this Warrant on the date of the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction; provided, however, that, if the
Fundamental Transaction is not within the Companys control, including not approved by the Companys Board of Directors,
the Holder shall only be entitled to receive from the Company or any Successor Entity the same type or form of consideration (and in
the same proportion), at the Black Scholes Value of the unexercised portion of this Warrant, that is being offered and paid to the holders
of Common Stock of the Company in connection with the Fundamental Transaction, whether that consideration be in the form of cash, stock
or any combination thereof, or whether the holders of Common Stock are given the choice to receive from among alternative forms of consideration
in connection with the Fundamental Transaction; provided, further, that if holders of Common Stock of the Company are not
offered or paid any consideration in such Fundamental Transaction, such holders of Common Stock will be deemed to have received common
stock of the Successor Entity (which Entity may be the Company following such Fundamental Transaction) in such Fundamental Transaction.
Black Scholes Value means the value of this Warrant based on the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model obtained from
the OV function on Bloomberg determined as of the day of consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction for pricing
purposes and reflecting (A) a risk-free interest rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal to the time between
the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date, (B) an expected volatility equal
to the greater of 100% and the 100 day volatility obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg (determined utilizing a 365 day annualization
factor) as of the Trading Day immediately following the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction, (C) the underlying
price per share used in such calculation shall be the greater of (i) the sum of the price per share being offered in cash, if any, plus
the value of any non-cash consideration, if any, being offered in such Fundamental Transaction and (ii) the highest VWAP during the period
beginning on the Trading Day immediately preceding the announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction (or the consummation of
the applicable Fundamental Transaction, if earlier) and ending on the Trading Day of the Holders request pursuant to this Section
3(e) and (D) a remaining option time equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction
and the Termination Date and (E) a zero cost of borrow. The payment of the Black Scholes Value will be made by wire transfer of immediately
available funds (or such other consideration) within the later of (i) five Business Days of the Holders election and (ii) the
date of consummation of the Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which
the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company
under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(e) pursuant to written agreements
in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental
Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity
evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding
number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable
and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental
Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account
the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock,
such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant
immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to
the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall be added to the term Company
under this Warrant (so that from and after the occurrence or consummation of such Fundamental Transaction, each and every provision of
this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead to each of the Company and
the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally), and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally
with the Company, may exercise every right and power of the Company prior thereto and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities shall
assume all of the obligations of the Company prior thereto under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents with the same effect
as if the Company and such Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally, had been named as the Company herein.

10

f)
Calculations. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the
case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date
shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

g)
Subject to the rules and regulations of the Principal Market, the Company may at any time during the term of this Warrant, with the prior
written consent of the Required Holders (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement), reduce the then current Exercise Price of
each of the Warrants to any amount and for any period of time deemed appropriate by the board of directors of the Company.

h)
Notice to Holder.

i.
Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company
shall promptly deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment
to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii.
Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on
the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the
Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of
capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with
any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) is a party, any
sale or transfer of all or substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into
other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding
up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder at its last email
address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective
date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution,
redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to
be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected
that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other
property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to
deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to
be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information
regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a
Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such
notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

11

Section
4. Transfer of Warrant.

a)
Transferability. Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 4(d) hereof
and to the provisions of Section 4.1 of the Purchase Agreement, this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation,
any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company
or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by
the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such
surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee
or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to
the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder
has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days
of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned
in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b)
New Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of
the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by
the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division
or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided
or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the Initial Exercise Date and
shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c)
Warrant Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the
Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the
registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder,
and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

d)
Transfer Restrictions. If, at the time of the surrender of this Warrant in connection with any transfer of this Warrant, the transfer
of this Warrant shall not be either (i) registered pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and under
applicable state securities or blue sky laws or (ii) eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or current public
information requirements pursuant to Rule 144, the Company may require, as a condition of allowing such transfer, that the Holder or
transferee of this Warrant, as the case may be, comply with the provisions of Section 5.7 of the Purchase Agreement.

12

e)
Representation by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant
and, upon any exercise hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to
or for distributing or reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities
law, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act.

Section
5. Miscellaneous.

a)
No Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights,
dividends or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly
set forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant
to Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in no event shall the Company be
required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

b)
Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares,
and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant,
shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the
Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant
or stock certificate.

c)
Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required
or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business
Day.

d)
Authorized Shares.

The
Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a
sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant.
The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with
the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all
such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any
applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants
that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise
of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof
(other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

13

Except
and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending
its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale
of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant,
but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary
or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise
immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company
may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof,
as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before
taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the
Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from
any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e)
Jurisdiction. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined
in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

f)
Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and
the Holder does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g)
Nonwaiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall
operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision
of this Warrant or the Purchase Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant,
which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover
any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred
by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

14

h)
Notices. Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall
be delivered in accordance with the notice provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

i)
Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant
to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of
the Holder for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company
or by creditors of the Company.

j)
Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will
be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate
compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to
assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k)
Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall
inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns
of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall
be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l)
Amendment. This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and
the Holder.

m)
Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid
under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall
be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining
provisions of this Warrant.

n)
Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed
a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature
Page Follows)

15

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above
indicated.

agriforce
growing systems ltd.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

16

NOTICE
OF EXERCISE

To: agriforce
growing systems ltd.

(1)
The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only
if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2)
Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box):

[ ]
in lawful money of the United States; or

[ ]
[if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection
2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure
set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3)
Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The
Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

(4)
Accredited Investor. The undersigned is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name
of Investing Entity: ___________________________________________________________________________

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: _____________________________________________________

Name
of Authorized Signatory: _______________________________________________________________________

Title
of Authorized Signatory: ________________________________________________________________________

Date:
___________________________________________________________________________________________

EXHIBIT
B

ASSIGNMENT
FORM

(To
assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: ______________________________________

(Please
Print)

Address: ______________________________________

Phone
Number:

(Please
Print)

______________________________________

Email
Address: ______________________________________

Dated:
_______________ __, ______ 

Holders
Signature: _____________________ 

Holders
Address: ______________________
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex10-4.htm
<TEXT>
EXHIBIT
10.4

REGISTRATION
RIGHTS AGREEMENT

This
Registration Rights Agreement (this Agreement) is made and entered into as January __, 2025, between AgriFORCE Growing
Systems Ltd., a British Columbia corporation (the Company), and each of the several purchasers signatory hereto
(each such purchaser, a Purchaser and, collectively, the Purchasers).

This
Agreement is made pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, between the Company and each Purchaser
(the Purchase Agreement).

The
Company and each Purchaser hereby agrees as follows:

1.
Definitions.

Capitalized
terms used and not otherwise defined herein that are defined in the Purchase Agreement shall have the meanings given such terms in the
Purchase Agreement. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Advice
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(c).

Effectiveness
Date means, with respect to the Initial Registration Statement required to be filed hereunder, the 60th calendar
day following the date hereof (or, in the event of a full review by the Commission, the 90th calendar day following
the date hereof) and with respect to any additional Registration Statements which may be required pursuant to Section 2(c) or Section
3(c), the 30th calendar day following the date on which an additional Registration Statement is required to be filed hereunder
(or, in the event of a full review by the Commission, the 60th calendar day following the date such additional
Registration Statement is required to be filed hereunder); provided, however, that in the event the Company is notified
by the Commission that one or more of the above Registration Statements will not be reviewed or is no longer subject to further review
and comments, the Effectiveness Date as to such Registration Statement shall be the fifth Trading Day following the date on which the
Company is so notified if such date precedes the dates otherwise required above, provided, further, if such Effectiveness Date falls
on a day that is not a Trading Day, then the Effectiveness Date shall be the next succeeding Trading Day.

Effectiveness
Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(a).

Event
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(d).

Event
Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(d).

Filing
Date means, with respect to the Initial Registration Statement required hereunder, the 30th calendar day following
the Closing Date and, with respect to any additional Registration Statements which may be required pursuant to Section 2(c) or Section
3(c), the earliest practical date on which the Company is permitted by SEC Guidance to file such additional Registration Statement related
to the Registrable Securities.

Holder
or Holders means the holder or holders, as the case may be, from time to time of Registrable Securities.

Indemnified
Party shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(c).

Indemnifying
Party shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(c).

Initial
Registration Statement means the initial Registration Statement filed pursuant to this Agreement.

Losses
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(a).

Plan
of Distribution shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(a).

Prospectus
means the prospectus included in a Registration Statement (including, without limitation, a prospectus that includes any information
previously omitted from a prospectus filed as part of an effective registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A promulgated by the
Commission pursuant to the Securities Act), as amended or supplemented by any prospectus supplement, with respect to the terms of the
offering of any portion of the Registrable Securities covered by a Registration Statement, and all other amendments and supplements to
the Prospectus, including post-effective amendments, and all material incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference
in such Prospectus.

Registrable
Securities means, as of any date of determination, (a) all Shares of the shares of Common Stock then issued and issuable upon
conversion in full of the Debentures, including any Debentures which may be issued at the second Closing (assuming on such date the Debentures
are converted in full without regard to any conversion limitations therein), (b) all shares of Common Stock issued and issuable as principal
on the Debentures assuming all permissible principal payments are made in shares of Common Stock and the Debentures are held until maturity,
(c) all Warrant Shares then issued and issuable upon exercise of the Warrants, including Warrants which may be issued at the second Closing
(assuming on such date the Warrants are exercised in full without regard to any exercise limitations therein), (d) any additional shares
of Common Stock issued and issuable in connection with any anti-dilution provisions in the Debentures or the Warrants (in each case,
without giving effect to any limitations on conversion set forth in the Debentures or limitations on exercise set forth in the Warrants)
and (e) any securities issued or then issuable upon any stock split, dividend or other distribution, recapitalization or similar event
with respect to the foregoing; provided, however, that any such Registrable Securities shall cease to be Registrable Securities
(and the Company shall not be required to maintain the effectiveness of any, or file another, Registration Statement hereunder with respect
thereto) for so long as (a) a Registration Statement with respect to the sale of such Registrable Securities is declared effective by
the Commission under the Securities Act and such Registrable Securities have been disposed of by the Holder in accordance with such effective
Registration Statement, (b) such Registrable Securities have been previously sold in accordance with Rule 144, or (c) such securities
become eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions and without current public information pursuant to Rule 144
as set forth in a written opinion letter to such effect, addressed, delivered and acceptable to the Transfer Agent and the affected Holders
(assuming that such securities and any securities issuable upon exercise, conversion or exchange of which, or as a dividend upon which,
such securities were issued or are issuable, were at no time held by any Affiliate of the Company), as reasonably determined by the Company,
upon the advice of counsel to the Company.

Registration
Statement means any registration statement required to be filed hereunder pursuant to Section 2(a) and any additional registration
statements contemplated by Section 2(c) or Section 3(c), including (in each case) the Prospectus, amendments and supplements to any such
registration statement or Prospectus, including pre- and post-effective amendments, all exhibits thereto, and all material incorporated
by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference in any such registration statement.

Rule
415 means Rule 415 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

Rule
424 means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

Selling
Stockholder Questionnaire shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(a).

SEC
Guidance means (i) any publicly-available written or oral guidance of the Commission staff, or any comments, requirements
or requests of the Commission staff and (ii) the Securities Act.

2.
Shelf Registration.

(a)
On or prior to each Filing Date, the Company shall prepare and file with the Commission a Registration Statement covering the resale
of all of the Registrable Securities that are not then registered on an effective Registration Statement for an offering to be made on
a continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415. Each Registration Statement filed hereunder shall be on Form S-3 (except if the Company is not
then eligible to register for resale the Registrable Securities on Form S-3, in which case such registration shall be on another appropriate
form in accordance herewith, subject to the provisions of Section 2(e)) and shall contain (unless otherwise directed by at least 85%
in interest of the Holders) substantially the Plan of Distribution attached hereto as Annex A and substantially
the Selling Stockholder section attached hereto as Annex B; provided, however, that no Holder
shall be required to be named as an underwriter without such Holders express prior written consent. Subject to the
terms of this Agreement, the Company shall use its best efforts to cause a Registration Statement filed under this Agreement (including,
without limitation, under Section 3(c)) to be declared effective under the Securities Act as promptly as possible after the filing thereof,
but in any event no later than the applicable Effectiveness Date, and shall use its best efforts to keep such Registration Statement
continuously effective under the Securities Act until the date that all Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement
(i) have been sold, thereunder or pursuant to Rule 144, or (ii) may be sold without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions pursuant to
Rule 144 and without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information requirement under Rule 144,
as determined by the counsel to the Company pursuant to a written opinion letter to such effect, addressed and acceptable to the Transfer
Agent and the affected Holders (the Effectiveness Period). The Company shall telephonically request effectiveness
of a Registration Statement as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on a Trading Day. The Company shall immediately notify the Holders via
e-mail of the effectiveness of a Registration Statement on the same Trading Day that the Company telephonically confirms effectiveness
with the Commission, which shall be the date requested for effectiveness of such Registration Statement. The Company shall, by 9:30 a.m.
(New York City time) on the Trading Day after the effective date of such Registration Statement, file a final Prospectus with the Commission
as required by Rule 424. Failure to so notify the Holder within one (1) Trading Day of such notification of effectiveness or failure
to file a final Prospectus as foresaid shall be deemed an Event under Section 2(d).

(b)
Notwithstanding the registration obligations set forth in Section 2(a), if the Commission informs the Company that all of the Registrable
Securities cannot, as a result of the application of Rule 415, be registered for resale as a secondary offering on a single registration
statement, the Company agrees to promptly inform each of the Holders thereof and use its commercially reasonable efforts to file amendments
to the Initial Registration Statement as required by the Commission, covering the maximum number of Registrable Securities permitted
to be registered by the Commission, on Form S-3 or such other form available to register for resale the Registrable Securities as a secondary
offering, subject to the provisions of Section 2(e); with respect to filing on Form S-3 or other appropriate form, and subject to the
provisions of Section 2(d) with respect to the payment of liquidated damages; provided, however, that prior to filing such
amendment, the Company shall be obligated to use diligent efforts to advocate with the Commission for the registration of all of the
Registrable Securities in accordance with the SEC Guidance, including without limitation, Compliance and Disclosure Interpretation 612.09.

(c)
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement and subject to the payment of liquidated damages pursuant to Section 2(d), if the
Commission or any SEC Guidance sets forth a limitation on the number of Registrable Securities permitted to be registered on a particular
Registration Statement as a secondary offering (and notwithstanding that the Company used diligent efforts to advocate with the Commission
for the registration of all or a greater portion of Registrable Securities), unless otherwise directed in writing by a Holder as to its
Registrable Securities, the number of Registrable Securities to be registered on such Registration Statement will be reduced as follows:

a. First,
the Company shall reduce or eliminate any securities to be included other than Registrable Securities;

b. Second,
the Company shall reduce Registrable Securities represented by Warrant Shares (applied, in the case that some Warrant Shares may
be registered, to the Holders on a pro rata basis based on the total number of unregistered Warrant Shares held by such Holders);
and 

c. Third,
the Company shall reduce Registrable Securities represented by Conversion Shares (applied, in the case that some Conversion Shares
may be registered, to the Holders on a pro rata basis based on the total number of unregistered Conversion Shares held by such Holders).

In
the event of a cutback hereunder, the Company shall give the Holder at least three (3) Trading Days prior written notice along with the
calculations as to such Holders allotment. In the event the Company amends the Initial Registration Statement in accordance with
the foregoing, the Company will use its best efforts to file with the Commission, as promptly as allowed by Commission or SEC Guidance
provided to the Company or to registrants of securities in general, one or more registration statements on Form S-3 or such other form
available to register for resale those Registrable Securities that were not registered for resale on the Initial Registration Statement,
as amended.

(d)
If: (i) the Initial Registration Statement is not filed on or prior to its Filing Date (if the Company files the Initial Registration
Statement without affording the Holders the opportunity to review and comment on the same as required by Section 3(a) herein, the Company
shall be deemed to have not satisfied this clause (i)), or (ii) the Company fails to file with the Commission a request for acceleration
of a Registration Statement in accordance with Rule 461 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, within five Trading
Days of the date that the Company is notified (orally or in writing, whichever is earlier) by the Commission that such Registration Statement
will not be reviewed or will not be subject to further review, or (iii) prior to the effective date of a Registration Statement,
the Company fails to file a pre-effective amendment and otherwise respond in writing to comments made by the Commission in respect of
such Registration Statement within ten (10) calendar days after the receipt of comments by or notice from the Commission that such amendment
is required in order for such Registration Statement to be declared effective, or (iv) a Registration Statement registering for resale
all of the Registrable Securities is not declared effective by the Commission by the Effectiveness Date of the Initial Registration Statement,
or (v) after the effective date of a Registration Statement, such Registration Statement ceases for any reason to remain continuously
effective as to all Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement, or the Holders are otherwise not permitted to utilize
the Prospectus therein to resell such Registrable Securities, for more than ten (10) consecutive calendar days or more than an aggregate
of fifteen (15) calendar days (which need not be consecutive calendar days) during any 12-month period (any such failure or breach being
referred to as an Event, and for purposes of clauses (i) and (iv), the date on which such Event occurs, and for
purpose of clause (ii) the date on which such five (5) Trading Day period is exceeded, and for purpose of clause (iii) the date which
such ten (10) calendar day period is exceeded, and for purpose of clause (v) the date on which such ten (10) or fifteen (15) calendar
day period, as applicable, is exceeded being referred to as Event Date), then, in addition to any other rights the
Holders may have hereunder or under applicable law, on each such Event Date and on each monthly anniversary of each such Event Date (if
the applicable Event shall not have been cured by such date) until the applicable Event is cured, the Company shall pay to each Holder
an amount in cash, as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty, equal to the product of 2.0% multiplied by the aggregate Subscription
Amount paid by such Holder pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. The parties agree that the maximum aggregate liquidated damages payable
to a Holder under this Agreement shall be 10% of the aggregate Subscription Amount paid by such Holder pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.
If the Company fails to pay any partial liquidated damages pursuant to this Section in full within seven days after the date payable,
the Company will pay interest thereon at a rate of 18% per annum (or such lesser maximum amount that is permitted to be paid by applicable
law) to the Holder, accruing daily from the date such partial liquidated damages are due until such amounts, plus all such interest thereon,
are paid in full. The partial liquidated damages pursuant to the terms hereof shall apply on a daily pro rata basis for any portion of
a month prior to the cure of an Event.

(e)
If Form S-3 is not available for the registration of the resale of Registrable Securities hereunder, the Company shall (i) register the
resale of the Registrable Securities on another appropriate form and (ii) undertake to register the Registrable Securities on Form S-3
as soon as such form is available, provided that the Company shall maintain the effectiveness of the Registration Statement then in effect
until such time as a Registration Statement on Form S-3 covering the Registrable Securities has been declared effective by the Commission.

(f)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, in no event shall the Company be permitted to name any Holder or affiliate
of a Holder as any Underwriter without the prior written consent of such Holder.

3.
Registration Procedures.

In
connection with the Companys registration obligations hereunder, the Company shall:

(a)
Not less than five (5) Trading Days prior to the filing of each Registration Statement and not less than one (1) Trading Day prior to
the filing of any related Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto (including any document that would be incorporated or deemed
to be incorporated therein by reference), the Company shall (i) furnish to each Holder copies of all such documents proposed to be filed,
which documents (other than those incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference) will be subject to the review of such Holders,
and (ii) cause its officers and directors, counsel and independent registered public accountants to respond to such inquiries as shall
be necessary, in the reasonable opinion of respective counsel to each Holder, to conduct a reasonable investigation within the meaning
of the Securities Act. The Company shall not file a Registration Statement or any such Prospectus or any amendments or supplements thereto
to which the Holders of a majority of the Registrable Securities shall reasonably object in good faith, provided that, the Company is
notified of such objection in writing no later than five (5) Trading Days after the Holders have been so furnished copies of a Registration
Statement or one (1) Trading Day after the Holders have been so furnished copies of any related Prospectus or amendments or supplements
thereto. Each Holder agrees to furnish to the Company a completed questionnaire in the form attached to this Agreement as Annex B
(a Selling Stockholder Questionnaire) on a date that is not less than two (2) Trading Days prior to the Filing
Date or by the end of the fourth (4th) Trading Day following the date on which such Holder receives draft materials in accordance
with this Section.

(b)
(i) Prepare and file with the Commission such amendments, including post-effective amendments, to a Registration Statement and the Prospectus
used in connection therewith as may be necessary to keep a Registration Statement continuously effective as to the applicable Registrable
Securities for the Effectiveness Period and prepare and file with the Commission such additional Registration Statements in order to
register for resale under the Securities Act all of the Registrable Securities, (ii) cause the related Prospectus to be amended or supplemented
by any required Prospectus supplement (subject to the terms of this Agreement), and, as so supplemented or amended, to be filed pursuant
to Rule 424, (iii) respond as promptly as reasonably possible to any comments received from the Commission with respect to a Registration
Statement or any amendment thereto and provide as promptly as reasonably possible to the Holders true and complete copies of all correspondence
from and to the Commission relating to a Registration Statement (provided that, the Company shall excise any information contained therein
which would constitute material non-public information regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries), and (iv) comply in all material
respects with the applicable provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act with respect to the disposition of all Registrable
Securities covered by a Registration Statement during the applicable period in accordance (subject to the terms of this Agreement) with
the intended methods of disposition by the Holders thereof set forth in such Registration Statement as so amended or in such Prospectus
as so supplemented.

(c)
If during the Effectiveness Period, the number of Registrable Securities at any time exceeds 100% of the number of shares of Common Stock
then registered in a Registration Statement, then the Company shall file as soon as reasonably practicable, but in any case prior to
the applicable Filing Date, an additional Registration Statement covering the resale by the Holders of not less than the number of such
Registrable Securities.

(d)
Notify the Holders of Registrable Securities to be sold (which notice shall, pursuant to clauses (iii) through (vi) hereof, be accompanied
by an instruction to suspend the use of the Prospectus until the requisite changes have been made) as promptly as reasonably possible
(and, in the case of (i)(A) below, not less than one (1) Trading Day prior to such filing) and (if requested by any such Person) confirm
such notice in writing no later than one (1) Trading Day following the day (i)(A) when a Prospectus or any Prospectus supplement or post-effective
amendment to a Registration Statement is proposed to be filed, (B) when the Commission notifies the Company whether there will be a review
of such Registration Statement and whenever the Commission comments in writing on such Registration Statement, and (C) with respect to
a Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment, when the same has become effective, (ii) of any request by the Commission or
any other federal or state governmental authority for amendments or supplements to a Registration Statement or Prospectus or for additional
information, (iii) of the issuance by the Commission or any other federal or state governmental authority of any stop order suspending
the effectiveness of a Registration Statement covering any or all of the Registrable Securities or the initiation of any Proceedings
for that purpose, (iv) of the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification or exemption
from qualification of any of the Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction, or the initiation or threatening of any Proceeding
for such purpose, (v) of the occurrence of any event or passage of time that makes the financial statements included in a Registration
Statement ineligible for inclusion therein or any statement made in a Registration Statement or Prospectus or any document incorporated
or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference untrue in any material respect or that requires any revisions to a Registration Statement,
Prospectus or other documents so that, in the case of a Registration Statement or the Prospectus, as the case may be, it will not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and (vi) of the occurrence or existence of any pending
corporate development with respect to the Company that the Company believes may be material and that, in the determination of the Company,
makes it not in the best interest of the Company to allow continued availability of a Registration Statement or Prospectus; provided,
however, that in no event shall any such notice contain any information which would constitute material, non-public information
regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and the Company agrees that the Holders shall not have any duty of confidentiality
to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and shall not have any duty to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries not to trade on the basis
of such information.

(e)
Use its best efforts to avoid the issuance of, or, if issued, obtain the withdrawal of (i) any order stopping or suspending the effectiveness
of a Registration Statement, or (ii) any suspension of the qualification (or exemption from qualification) of any of the Registrable
Securities for sale in any jurisdiction, at the earliest practicable moment.

(f)
Furnish to each Holder, without charge, at least one conformed copy of each such Registration Statement and each amendment thereto, including
financial statements and schedules, all documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference to the extent requested
by such Person, and all exhibits to the extent requested by such Person (including those previously furnished or incorporated by reference)
promptly after the filing of such documents with the Commission, provided that any such item which is available on the EDGAR system (or
successor thereto) need not be furnished in physical form.

(g)
Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Company hereby consents to the use of such Prospectus and each amendment or supplement thereto
by each of the selling Holders in connection with the offering and sale of the Registrable Securities covered by such Prospectus and
any amendment or supplement thereto, except after the giving of any notice pursuant to Section 3(d).

(h)
Prior to any resale of Registrable Securities by a Holder, use its commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify or cooperate
with the selling Holders in connection with the registration or qualification (or exemption from the Registration or qualification) of
such Registrable Securities for the resale by the Holder under the securities or Blue Sky laws of such jurisdictions within the United
States as any Holder reasonably requests in writing, to keep each registration or qualification (or exemption therefrom) effective during
the Effectiveness Period and to do any and all other acts or things reasonably necessary to enable the disposition in such jurisdictions
of the Registrable Securities covered by each Registration Statement, provided that the Company shall not be required to qualify generally
to do business in any jurisdiction where it is not then so qualified, subject the Company to any material tax in any such jurisdiction
where it is not then so subject or file a general consent to service of process in any such jurisdiction.

(i)
If requested by a Holder, cooperate with such Holder to facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of certificates representing Registrable
Securities to be delivered to a transferee pursuant to a Registration Statement, which certificates shall be free, to the extent permitted
by the Purchase Agreement, of all restrictive legends, and to enable such Registrable Securities to be in such denominations and registered
in such names as any such Holder may request.

(j)
Upon the occurrence of any event contemplated by Section 3(d), as promptly as reasonably possible under the circumstances taking into
account the Companys good faith assessment of any adverse consequences to the Company and its stockholders of the premature disclosure
of such event, prepare a supplement or amendment, including a post-effective amendment, to a Registration Statement or a supplement to
the related Prospectus or any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference, and file any other required document
so that, as thereafter delivered, neither a Registration Statement nor such Prospectus will contain an untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading. If the Company notifies the Holders in accordance with clauses
(iii) through (vi) of Section 3(d) above to suspend the use of any Prospectus until the requisite changes to such Prospectus have been
made, then the Holders shall suspend use of such Prospectus. The Company will use its best efforts to ensure that the use of the Prospectus
may be resumed as promptly as is practicable. The Company shall be entitled to exercise its right under this Section 3(j) to suspend
the availability of a Registration Statement and Prospectus, subject to the payment of partial liquidated damages otherwise required
pursuant to Section 2(d), for a period not to exceed 60 calendar days (which need not be consecutive days) in any 12-month period.

(k)
Otherwise use commercially reasonable efforts to comply with all applicable rules and regulations of the Commission under the Securities
Act and the Exchange Act, including, without limitation, Rule 172 under the Securities Act, file any final Prospectus, including any
supplement or amendment thereof, with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424 under the Securities Act, promptly inform the Holders in writing
if, at any time during the Effectiveness Period, the Company does not satisfy the conditions specified in Rule 172 and, as a result thereof,
the Holders are required to deliver a Prospectus in connection with any disposition of Registrable Securities and take such other actions
as may be reasonably necessary to facilitate the registration of the Registrable Securities hereunder.

(l)
The Company shall use its best efforts to maintain eligibility for use of Form S-3 (or any successor form thereto) for the registration
of the resale of Registrable Securities.

(m)
The Company may require each selling Holder to furnish to the Company a certified statement as to the number of shares of Common Stock
beneficially owned by such Holder and, if required by the Commission, the natural persons thereof that have voting and dispositive control
over the shares. During any periods that the Company is unable to meet its obligations hereunder with respect to the registration of
the Registrable Securities solely because any Holder fails to furnish such information within three Trading Days of the Companys
request, any liquidated damages that are accruing at such time as to such Holder only shall be tolled and any Event that may otherwise
occur solely because of such delay shall be suspended as to such Holder only, until such information is delivered to the Company.

4.
Registration Expenses. All fees and expenses incident to the performance of or compliance with, this Agreement by the Company
shall be borne by the Company whether or not any Registrable Securities are sold pursuant to a Registration Statement. The fees and expenses
referred to in the foregoing sentence shall include, without limitation, (i) all registration and filing fees (including, without limitation,
fees and expenses of the Companys counsel and independent registered public accountants) (A) with respect to filings made with
the Commission, (B) with respect to filings required to be made with any Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed for
trading, and (C) in compliance with applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws reasonably agreed to by the Company in writing (including,
without limitation, fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company in connection with Blue Sky qualifications or exemptions of the
Registrable Securities), (ii) printing expenses (including, without limitation, expenses of printing certificates for Registrable Securities),
(iii) messenger, telephone and delivery expenses, (iv) fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company, (v) Securities Act liability
insurance, if the Company so desires such insurance, and (vi) fees and expenses of all other Persons retained by the Company in connection
with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. In addition, the Company shall be responsible for all of its
internal expenses incurred in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including, without
limitation, all salaries and expenses of its officers and employees performing legal or accounting duties), the expense of any annual
audit and the fees and expenses incurred in connection with the listing of the Registrable Securities on any securities exchange as required
hereunder. In no event shall the Company be responsible for any broker or similar commissions of any Holder or, except to the extent
provided for in the Transaction Documents, any legal fees or other costs of the Holders.

5.
Indemnification.

(a)
Indemnification by the Company. The Company shall, notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement, indemnify and hold harmless
each Holder, the officers, directors, members, partners, agents, brokers (including brokers who offer and sell Registrable Securities
as principal as a result of a pledge or any failure to perform under a margin call of Common Stock), investment advisors and employees
(and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any
other title) of each of them, each Person who controls any such Holder (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section
20 of the Exchange Act) and the officers, directors, members, stockholders, partners, agents and employees (and any other Persons with
a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each such
controlling Person, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities,
costs (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees) and expenses (collectively, Losses), as
incurred, arising out of or relating to (1) any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in a Registration Statement,
any Prospectus or any form of prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of
or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein (in the case of any Prospectus or supplement thereto, in light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading
or (2) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any state securities law, or any
rule or regulation thereunder, in connection with the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, except to the extent, but
only to the extent, that (i) such untrue statements or omissions are based solely upon information regarding such Holder furnished in
writing to the Company by such Holder expressly for use therein, or to the extent that such information relates to such Holder or such
Holders proposed method of distribution of Registrable Securities and was reviewed and expressly approved in writing by such Holder
expressly for use in a Registration Statement, such Prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto (it being understood that the
Holder has approved Annex A hereto for this purpose) or (ii) in the case of an occurrence of an event of the type specified in Section
3(d)(iii)-(vi), the use by such Holder of an outdated, defective or otherwise unavailable Prospectus after the Company has notified such
Holder in writing that the Prospectus is outdated, defective or otherwise unavailable for use by such Holder and prior to the receipt
by such Holder of the Advice contemplated in Section 6(c). The Company shall notify the Holders promptly of the institution, threat or
assertion of any Proceeding arising from or in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement of which the Company is
aware. Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of such indemnified
person and shall survive the transfer of any Registrable Securities by any of the Holders in accordance with Section 6(f).

(b)
Indemnification by Holders. Each Holder shall, severally and not jointly, indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its directors,
officers, agents and employees, each Person who controls the Company (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section
20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, agents or employees of such controlling Persons, to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law, from and against all Losses, as incurred, to the extent arising out of or based solely upon: any untrue or alleged
untrue statement of a material fact contained in any Registration Statement, any Prospectus, or in any amendment or supplement thereto
or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any Prospectus or supplement thereto, in light of the circumstances
under which they were made) not misleading (i) to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement or omission is contained
in any information so furnished in writing by such Holder to the Company expressly for inclusion in such Registration Statement or such
Prospectus or (ii) to the extent, but only to the extent, that such information relates to such Holders information provided in
the Selling Stockholder Questionnaire or the proposed method of distribution of Registrable Securities and was reviewed and expressly
approved in writing by such Holder expressly for use in a Registration Statement (it being understood that the Holder has approved Annex
A hereto for this purpose), such Prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto. In no event shall the liability of a selling Holder
be greater in amount than the dollar amount of the proceeds (net of all expenses paid by such Holder in connection with any claim relating
to this Section 5 and the amount of any damages such Holder has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue statement or
omission) received by such Holder upon the sale of the Registrable Securities included in the Registration Statement giving rise to such
indemnification obligation.

(c)
Conduct of Indemnification Proceedings. If any Proceeding shall be brought or asserted against any Person entitled to indemnity
hereunder (an Indemnified Party), such Indemnified Party shall promptly notify the Person from whom indemnity is
sought (the Indemnifying Party) in writing, and the Indemnifying Party shall have the right to assume the defense
thereof, including the employment of counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party and the payment of all fees and expenses
incurred in connection with defense thereof, provided that the failure of any Indemnified Party to give such notice shall not relieve
the Indemnifying Party of its obligations or liabilities pursuant to this Agreement, except (and only) to the extent that it shall be
finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction (which determination is not subject to appeal or further review) that such failure
shall have materially and adversely prejudiced the Indemnifying Party.

An
Indemnified Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such Proceeding and to participate in the defense thereof, but
the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Indemnified Party or Parties unless: (1) the Indemnifying Party
has agreed in writing to pay such fees and expenses, (2) the Indemnifying Party shall have failed promptly to assume the defense of such
Proceeding and to employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnified Party in any such Proceeding, or (3) the named parties to
any such Proceeding (including any impleaded parties) include both such Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party, and counsel to
the Indemnified Party shall reasonably believe that a material conflict of interest is likely to exist if the same counsel were to represent
such Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party (in which case, if such Indemnified Party notifies the Indemnifying Party in writing
that it elects to employ separate counsel at the expense of the Indemnifying Party, the Indemnifying Party shall not have the right to
assume the defense thereof and the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one separate counsel shall be at the expense of the Indemnifying
Party). The Indemnifying Party shall not be liable for any settlement of any such Proceeding effected without its written consent, which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. No Indemnifying Party shall, without the prior written consent of the Indemnified
Party, effect any settlement of any pending Proceeding in respect of which any Indemnified Party is a party, unless such settlement includes
an unconditional release of such Indemnified Party from all liability on claims that are the subject matter of such Proceeding.

Subject
to the terms of this Agreement, all reasonable fees and expenses of the Indemnified Party (including reasonable fees and expenses to
the extent incurred in connection with investigating or preparing to defend such Proceeding in a manner not inconsistent with this Section)
shall be paid to the Indemnified Party, as incurred, within ten Trading Days of written notice thereof to the Indemnifying Party, provided
that the Indemnified Party shall promptly reimburse the Indemnifying Party for that portion of such fees and expenses applicable to such
actions for which such Indemnified Party is finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction (which determination is not subject
to appeal or further review) not to be entitled to indemnification hereunder.

(d)
Contribution. If the indemnification under Section 5(a) or 5(b) is unavailable to an Indemnified Party or insufficient to hold
an Indemnified Party harmless for any Losses, then each Indemnifying Party shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified
Party, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the Indemnifying Party and Indemnified Party in connection
with the actions, statements or omissions that resulted in such Losses as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative
fault of such Indemnifying Party and Indemnified Party shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in
question, including any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission of a material fact, has
been taken or made by, or relates to information supplied by, such Indemnifying Party or Indemnified Party, and the parties relative
intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such action, statement or omission. The amount paid or
payable by a party as a result of any Losses shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, any
reasonable attorneys or other fees or expenses incurred by such party in connection with any Proceeding to the extent such party
would have been indemnified for such fees or expenses if the indemnification provided for in this Section was available to such party
in accordance with its terms.

The
parties hereto agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 5(d) were determined by pro rata
allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not take into account the equitable considerations referred to in the immediately
preceding paragraph. In no event shall the contribution obligation of a Holder of Registrable Securities be greater in amount than the
dollar amount of the proceeds (net of all expenses paid by such Holder in connection with any claim relating to this Section 5 and the
amount of any damages such Holder has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission
or alleged omission) received by it upon the sale of the Registrable Securities giving rise to such contribution obligation.

The
indemnity and contribution agreements contained in this Section are in addition to any liability that the Indemnifying Parties may have
to the Indemnified Parties.

6.
Miscellaneous.

(a)
Remedies. In the event of a breach by the Company or by a Holder of any of their respective obligations under this Agreement,
each Holder or the Company, as the case may be, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law and under this Agreement,
including recovery of damages, shall be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Agreement. Each of the Company and
each Holder agrees that monetary damages would not provide adequate compensation for any losses incurred by reason of a breach by it
of any of the provisions of this Agreement and hereby further agrees that, in the event of any action for specific performance in respect
of such breach, it shall not assert or shall waive the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate.

(b)
No Piggyback on Registrations; Prohibition on Filing Other Registration Statements. Except as set forth on Schedule 6(b)
attached hereto, neither the Company nor any of its security holders (other than the Holders in such capacity pursuant hereto) may include
securities of the Company in any Registration Statements other than the Registrable Securities. The Company shall not file any other
registration statements until all Registrable Securities are registered pursuant to a Registration Statement that is declared effective
by the Commission, provided that this Section 6(b) shall not prohibit the Company from filing amendments to registration statements filed
prior to the date of this Agreement so long as no new securities are registered on any such existing registration statements.

(c)
Discontinued Disposition. By its acquisition of Registrable Securities, each Holder agrees that, upon receipt of a notice from
the Company of the occurrence of any event of the kind described in Section 3(d)(iii) through (vi), such Holder will forthwith discontinue
disposition of such Registrable Securities under a Registration Statement until it is advised in writing (the Advice)
by the Company that the use of the applicable Prospectus (as it may have been supplemented or amended) may be resumed. The Company will
use its best efforts to ensure that the use of the Prospectus may be resumed as promptly as is practicable. The Company agrees and acknowledges
that any periods during which the Holder is required to discontinue the disposition of the Registrable Securities hereunder shall be
subject to the provisions of Section 2(d).

(d)
Amendments and Waivers. The provisions of this Agreement, including the provisions of this sentence, may not be amended, modified
or supplemented, and waivers or consents to departures from the provisions hereof may not be given, unless the same shall be in writing
and signed by the Company and the Holders of 75% or more of the then outstanding Registrable Securities (for purposes of clarification,
this includes any Registrable Securities issuable upon exercise or conversion of any Security), provided that, if any amendment, modification
or waiver disproportionately and adversely impacts a Holder (or group of Holders), the consent of such disproportionately impacted Holder
(or group of Holders) shall be required. If a Registration Statement does not register all of the Registrable Securities pursuant to
a waiver or amendment done in compliance with the previous sentence, then the number of Registrable Securities to be registered for each
Holder shall be reduced pro rata among all Holders and each Holder shall have the right to designate which of its Registrable Securities
shall be omitted from such Registration Statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a waiver or consent to depart from the provisions hereof
with respect to a matter that relates exclusively to the rights of a Holder or some Holders and that does not directly or indirectly
affect the rights of other Holders may be given only by such Holder or Holders of all of the Registrable Securities to which such waiver
or consent relates; provided, however, that the provisions of this sentence may not be amended, modified, or supplemented
except in accordance with the provisions of the first sentence of this Section 6(d). No consideration shall be offered or paid to any
Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of this Agreement unless the same consideration also is offered
to all of the parties to this Agreement.

(e)
Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be delivered
as set forth in the Purchase Agreement.

(f)
Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns
of each of the parties and shall inure to the benefit of each Holder. The Company may not assign (except by merger) its rights or obligations
hereunder without the prior written consent of all of the Holders of the then outstanding Registrable Securities. Each Holder may assign
their respective rights hereunder in the manner and to the Persons as permitted under Section 5.7 of the Purchase Agreement.

(g)
No Inconsistent Agreements. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has entered, as of the date hereof, nor shall the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, on or after the date of this Agreement, enter into any agreement with respect to its securities,
that would have the effect of impairing the rights granted to the Holders in this Agreement or otherwise conflicts with the provisions
hereof. Except as set forth on Schedule 6(i), neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has previously entered into any
agreement granting any registration rights with respect to any of its securities to any Person that have not been satisfied in full.

(h)
Execution and Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall
be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to
the other party, it being understood that both parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered
by e-mail delivery of a .pdf format data file or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of
2000 (e.g., www.docusign.com), such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf
such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

(i)
Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be
determined in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

(j)
Cumulative Remedies. The remedies provided herein are cumulative and not exclusive of any other remedies provided by law.

(k)
Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to
be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall
remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially
reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated
by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would
have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared
invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

(l)
Headings. The headings in this Agreement are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of the Agreement and shall not be
deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

(m)
Independent Nature of Holders Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Holder hereunder are several and not joint
with the obligations of any other Holder hereunder, and no Holder shall be responsible in any way for the performance of the obligations
of any other Holder hereunder. Nothing contained herein or in any other agreement or document delivered at any closing, and no action
taken by any Holder pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Holders as a partnership, an association, a joint venture
or any other kind of group or entity, or create a presumption that the Holders are in any way acting in concert or as a group or entity
with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other matters, and the Company acknowledges
that the Holders are not acting in concert or as a group, and the Company shall not assert any such claim, with respect to such obligations
or transactions. Each Holder shall be entitled to protect and enforce its rights, including without limitation the rights arising out
of this Agreement, and it shall not be necessary for any other Holder to be joined as an additional party in any proceeding for such
purpose. The use of a single agreement with respect to the obligations of the Company contained was solely in the control of the Company,
not the action or decision of any Holder, and was done solely for the convenience of the Company and not because it was required or requested
to do so by any Holder. It is expressly understood and agreed that each provision contained in this Agreement is between the Company
and a Holder, solely, and not between the Company and the Holders collectively and not between and among Holders.

(Signature
Pages Follow)

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Registration Rights Agreement as of the date first written above.

agriforce growing systems ltd. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[SIGNATURE
PAGE OF HOLDERS FOLLOWS]

[SIGNATURE
PAGE OF HOLDERS TO AGRI RRA]

Name
of Holder: __________________________

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Holder: __________________________

Name
of Authorized Signatory: _________________________

Title
of Authorized Signatory: __________________________

[SIGNATURE
PAGES CONTINUE]

Annex
A

Plan
of Distribution

Each
Selling Stockholder (the Selling Stockholders) of the securities and any of their pledgees, assignees and successors-in-interest
may, from time to time, sell any or all of their securities covered hereby on the principal Trading Market or any other stock exchange,
market or trading facility on which the securities are traded or in private transactions. These sales may be at fixed or negotiated prices.
A Selling Stockholder may use any one or more of the following methods when selling securities:

ordinary
brokerage transactions and transactions in which the broker-dealer solicits purchasers;

block
trades in which the broker-dealer will attempt to sell the securities as agent but may position and resell a portion of the block
as principal to facilitate the transaction;

purchases
by a broker-dealer as principal and resale by the broker-dealer for its account;

an
exchange distribution in accordance with the rules of the applicable exchange;

privately
negotiated transactions;

settlement
of short sales; 

in
transactions through broker-dealers that agree with the Selling Stockholders to sell a specified number of such securities at a stipulated
price per security;

through
the writing or settlement of options or other hedging transactions, whether through an options exchange or otherwise;

a
combination of any such methods of sale; or

any
other method permitted pursuant to applicable law.

The
Selling Stockholders may also sell securities under Rule 144 or any other exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the Securities Act), if available, rather than under this prospectus.

Broker-dealers
engaged by the Selling Stockholders may arrange for other brokers-dealers to participate in sales. Broker-dealers may receive commissions
or discounts from the Selling Stockholders (or, if any broker-dealer acts as agent for the purchaser of securities, from the purchaser)
in amounts to be negotiated, but, except as set forth in a supplement to this Prospectus, in the case of an agency transaction not in
excess of a customary brokerage commission in compliance with FINRA Rule 2121; and in the case of a principal transaction a markup or
markdown in compliance with FINRA Rule 2121.

In
connection with the sale of the securities or interests therein, the Selling Stockholders may enter into hedging transactions with broker-dealers
or other financial institutions, which may in turn engage in short sales of the securities in the course of hedging the positions they
assume. The Selling Stockholders may also sell securities short and deliver these securities to close out their short positions, or loan
or pledge the securities to broker-dealers that in turn may sell these securities. The Selling Stockholders may also enter into option
or other transactions with broker-dealers or other financial institutions or create one or more derivative securities which require the
delivery to such broker-dealer or other financial institution of securities offered by this prospectus, which securities such broker-dealer
or other financial institution may resell pursuant to this prospectus (as supplemented or amended to reflect such transaction).

The
Selling Stockholders and any broker-dealers or agents that are involved in selling the securities may be deemed to be underwriters
within the meaning of the Securities Act in connection with such sales. In such event, any commissions received by such broker-dealers
or agents and any profit on the resale of the securities purchased by them may be deemed to be underwriting commissions or discounts
under the Securities Act. Each Selling Stockholder has informed the Company that it does not have any written or oral agreement or understanding,
directly or indirectly, with any person to distribute the securities.

The
Company is required to pay certain fees and expenses incurred by the Company incident to the registration of the securities. The Company
has agreed to indemnify the Selling Stockholders against certain losses, claims, damages and liabilities, including liabilities under
the Securities Act.

We
agreed to keep this prospectus effective until the earlier of (i) the date on which the securities may be resold by the Selling Stockholders
without registration and without regard to any volume or manner-of-sale limitations by reason of Rule 144, without the requirement for
the Company to be in compliance with the current public information under Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any other rule of similar
effect or (ii) all of the securities have been sold pursuant to this prospectus or Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any other rule
of similar effect. The resale securities will be sold only through registered or licensed brokers or dealers if required under applicable
state securities laws. In addition, in certain states, the resale securities covered hereby may not be sold unless they have been registered
or qualified for sale in the applicable state or an exemption from the registration or qualification requirement is available and is
complied with.

Under
applicable rules and regulations under the Exchange Act, any person engaged in the distribution of the resale securities may not simultaneously
engage in market making activities with respect to the common stock for the applicable restricted period, as defined in Regulation M,
prior to the commencement of the distribution. In addition, the Selling Stockholders will be subject to applicable provisions of the
Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, including Regulation M, which may limit the timing of purchases and sales of the
common stock by the Selling Stockholders or any other person. We will make copies of this prospectus available to the Selling Stockholders
and have informed them of the need to deliver a copy of this prospectus to each purchaser at or prior to the time of the sale (including
by compliance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act).

SELLING
SHAREHOLDERS

The
common stock being offered by the selling shareholders are those previously issued to the selling shareholders, and those issuable to
the selling shareholders, upon exercise of the warrants. For additional information regarding the issuances of those shares of common
stock and warrants, see Private Placement of Shares of Common Stock and Warrants above. We are registering the shares of
common stock in order to permit the selling shareholders to offer the shares for resale from time to time. Except for the ownership of
the shares of common stock and the warrants, the selling shareholders have not had any material relationship with us within the past
three years.

The
table below lists the selling shareholders and other information regarding the beneficial ownership of the shares of common stock by
each of the selling shareholders. The second column lists the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by each selling shareholder,
based on its ownership of the Debentures, shares of common stock and warrants, as of ________, 2022, assuming exercise of the warrants
held by the selling shareholders on that date, without regard to any limitations on exercises.

The
third column lists the shares of common stock being offered by this prospectus by the selling shareholders.

In
accordance with the terms of a registration rights agreement with the selling shareholders, this prospectus generally covers the resale
of the sum of (i) the number of shares of common stock issued to the selling shareholders in the Private Placement of Shares of
Common Stock and Warrants described above and (ii) the maximum number of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the
related warrants, determined as if the outstanding warrants were exercised in full as of the trading day immediately preceding the date
this registration statement was initially filed with the SEC, each as of the trading day immediately preceding the applicable date of
determination and all subject to adjustment as provided in the registration right agreement, without regard to any limitations on the
exercise of the warrants. The fourth column assumes the sale of all of the shares offered by the selling shareholders pursuant to this
prospectus.

Under
the terms of the warrants and other warrants held by selling shareholders, a selling shareholder may not exercise any such warrants to
the extent such exercise would cause such selling shareholder, together with its affiliates and attribution parties, to beneficially
own a number of shares of common stock which would exceed 4.99% or 9.99%, as applicable, of our then outstanding common stock following
such exercise, excluding for purposes of such determination shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of such warrants which have
not been exercised. The number of shares in the second and fourth columns do not reflect this limitation. The selling shareholders may
sell all, some or none of their shares in this offering. See Plan of Distribution.

Name
of Selling Shareholder Number
of shares of Common Stock Owned Prior to Offering Maximum
Number of shares of Common Stock to be Sold Pursuant to this Prospectus Number
of shares of Common Stock Owned After Offering

Annex
C

AgriFORCE
Growing Systems Ltd.

Selling
Stockholder Notice and Questionnaire

The
undersigned beneficial owner of common stock (the Registrable Securities) of AgriFORCE Growing Systems Ltd., a British
Columbia corporation (the Company), understands that the Company has filed or intends to file with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Commission) a registration statement (the Registration Statement)
for the registration and resale under Rule 415 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), of
the Registrable Securities, in accordance with the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement)
to which this document is annexed. A copy of the Registration Rights Agreement is available from the Company upon request at the address
set forth below. All capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Registration Rights
Agreement.

Certain
legal consequences arise from being named as a selling stockholder in the Registration Statement and the related prospectus. Accordingly,
holders and beneficial owners of Registrable Securities are advised to consult their own securities law counsel regarding the consequences
of being named or not being named as a selling stockholder in the Registration Statement and the related prospectus.

NOTICE

The
undersigned beneficial owner (the Selling Stockholder) of Registrable Securities hereby elects to include the Registrable
Securities owned by it in the Registration Statement.

The
undersigned hereby provides the following information to the Company and represents and warrants that such information is accurate:

QUESTIONNAIRE

1.
Name.

(a) Full
Legal Name of Selling Stockholder

__________________________________________________________________________________

(b) Full
Legal Name of Registered Holder (if not the same as (a) above) through which Registrable Securities are held:

__________________________________________________________________________________

(c) Full
Legal Name of Natural Control Person (which means a natural person who directly or indirectly alone or with others has power to vote
or dispose of the securities covered by this Questionnaire):

__________________________________________________________________________________

2.
Address for Notices to Selling Stockholder:

Telephone:_______________________________________________________________________________________

E-Mail:__________________________________________________________________________________________

Contact
Person:___________________________________________________________________________________

3.
Broker-Dealer Status:

(a) Are
you a broker-dealer?

Yes
No

(b) If
yes to Section 3(a), did you receive your Registrable Securities as compensation for investment banking services to
the Company?

Yes
No

Note: If
no to Section 3(b), the Commissions staff has indicated that you should be identified as an underwriter in the
Registration Statement.

(c) Are
you an affiliate of a broker-dealer?

Yes
No

(d) If
you are an affiliate of a broker-dealer, do you certify that you purchased the Registrable Securities in the ordinary course of business,
and at the time of the purchase of the Registrable Securities to be resold, you had no agreements or understandings, directly or
indirectly, with any person to distribute the Registrable Securities?

Yes
No 

Note: If
no to Section 3(d), the Commissions staff has indicated that you should be identified as an underwriter in the
Registration Statement.

4.
Beneficial Ownership of Securities of the Company Owned by the Selling Stockholder.

Except
as set forth below in this Item 4, the undersigned is not the beneficial or registered owner of any securities of the Company other than
the securities issuable pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.

(a) Type
and Amount of other securities beneficially owned by the Selling Stockholder:

__________________________________________________________________________________

__________________________________________________________________________________

5.
Relationships with the Company:

Except
as set forth below, neither the undersigned nor any of its affiliates, officers, directors or principal equity holders (owners of 5%
of more of the equity securities of the undersigned) has held any position or office or has had any other material relationship with
the Company (or its predecessors or affiliates) during the past three years.

State
any exceptions here:

_________________________________________________________________________________________

_________________________________________________________________________________________

The
undersigned agrees to promptly notify the Company of any material inaccuracies or changes in the information provided herein that may
occur subsequent to the date hereof at any time while the Registration Statement remains effective; provided, that the undersigned shall
not be required to notify the Company of any changes to the number of securities held or owned by the undersigned or its affiliates.

By
signing below, the undersigned consents to the disclosure of the information contained herein in its answers to Items 1 through 5 and
the inclusion of such information in the Registration Statement and the related prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto.
The undersigned understands that such information will be relied upon by the Company in connection with the preparation or amendment
of the Registration Statement and the related prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto.

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF the undersigned, by authority duly given, has caused this Notice and Questionnaire to be executed and delivered either
in person or by its duly authorized agent.

Date:
Beneficial
Owner: 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

PLEASE
EMAIL A .PDF COPY OF THE COMPLETED AND EXECUTED NOTICE AND QUESTIONNAIRE TO:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex10-5.htm
<TEXT>
EXHIBIT
10.5

SUBSIDIARY
GUARANTEE

SUBSIDIARY
GUARANTEE, dated as of January 16, 2025 (this Guarantee), made by each of the signatories hereto (together with
any other entity that may become a party hereto as provided herein, the Guarantors), in favor of the purchasers
signatory (together with their permitted assigns, the Purchasers) to that certain Securities Purchase
Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, between AgriFORCE Growing Systems Ltd., a British Columbia corporation (the
Company) and the Purchasers.

W
I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS,
pursuant to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and between the Company and the Purchasers (the
Purchase Agreement), the Company has agreed to sell and issue to the Purchasers, and the Purchasers have agreed
to purchase from the Company the Debentures, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein; and

WHEREAS, each Guarantor will directly benefit from the extension of credit to the Company represented by the issuance of the Debentures;
and

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and to induce the Purchasers to enter into the Purchase Agreement and to carry out the transactions
contemplated thereby, each Guarantor hereby agrees with the Purchasers as follows:

1.
Definitions. Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Purchase Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings
given to them in the Purchase Agreement. The words hereof, herein, hereto and hereunder
and words of similar import when used in this Guarantee shall refer to this Guarantee as a whole and not to any particular provision
of this Guarantee, and Section and Schedule references are to this Guarantee unless otherwise specified. The meanings given to terms
defined herein shall be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of such terms. The following terms shall have the following
meanings:

Guarantee
means this Subsidiary Guarantee, as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.

1

Obligations
means, in addition to all other costs and expenses of collection incurred by Purchasers in enforcing any of such Obligations and/or this
Guarantee, all of the liabilities and obligations (primary, secondary, direct, contingent, sole, joint or several) due or to become due,
or that are now or may be hereafter contracted or acquired, or owing to, of the Company or any Guarantor to the Purchasers, including,
without limitation, all obligations under this Guarantee, the Debentures and any other instruments, agreements or other documents executed
and/or delivered in connection herewith or therewith, in each case, whether now or hereafter existing, voluntary or involuntary, direct
or indirect, absolute or contingent, liquidated or unliquidated, whether or not jointly owed with others, and whether or not from time
to time decreased or extinguished and later increased, created or incurred, and all or any portion of such obligations or liabilities
that are paid, to the extent all or any part of such payment is avoided or recovered directly or indirectly from any of the Purchasers
as a preference, fraudulent transfer or otherwise as such obligations may be amended, supplemented, converted, extended or modified from
time to time. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the term Obligations shall include, without limitation:
(i) principal of, and interest on the Debentures and the loans extended pursuant thereto; (ii) any and all other fees, indemnities, costs,
obligations and liabilities of the Company or any Guarantor from time to time under or in connection with this Guarantee, the Debentures
and any other instruments, agreements or other documents executed and/or delivered in connection herewith or therewith; and (iii) all
amounts (including but not limited to post-petition interest) in respect of the foregoing that would be payable but for the fact that
the obligations to pay such amounts are unenforceable or not allowable due to the existence of a bankruptcy, reorganization or similar
proceeding involving the Company or any Guarantor.

2.
Guarantee.

(a)
Guarantee.

(i)
The Guarantors hereby, jointly and severally, unconditionally and irrevocably, guarantee to the Purchasers and their respective successors,
indorsees, transferees and assigns, the prompt and complete payment and performance when due (whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration
or otherwise) of the Obligations.

(ii)
Anything herein or in any other Transaction Document to the contrary notwithstanding, the maximum liability of each Guarantor hereunder
and under the other Transaction Documents shall in no event exceed the amount which can be guaranteed by such Guarantor under applicable
federal and state laws, including laws relating to the insolvency of debtors, fraudulent conveyance or transfer or laws affecting the
rights of creditors generally (after giving effect to the right of contribution established in Section 2(b)).

(iii)
Each Guarantor agrees that the Obligations may at any time and from time to time exceed the amount of the liability of such Guarantor
hereunder without impairing the guarantee contained in this Section 2 or affecting the rights and remedies of the Purchasers hereunder.

2

(iv)
The guarantee contained in this Section 2 shall remain in full force and effect until all the Obligations and the obligations of each
Guarantor under the guarantee contained in this Section 2 shall have been satisfied by indefeasible payment in full.

(v)
No payment made by the Company, any of the Guarantors, any other guarantor or any other Person or received or collected by the Purchasers
from the Company, any of the Guarantors, any other guarantor or any other Person by virtue of any action or proceeding or any set-off
or appropriation or application at any time or from time to time in reduction of or in payment of the Obligations shall be deemed to
modify, reduce, release or otherwise affect the liability of any Guarantor hereunder which shall, notwithstanding any such payment (other
than any payment made by such Guarantor in respect of the Obligations or any payment received or collected from such Guarantor in respect
of the Obligations), remain liable for the Obligations up to the maximum liability of such Guarantor hereunder until the Obligations
are indefeasibly paid in full.

(vi)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Guarantee, with respect to any defaulted non-monetary Obligations the specific performance
of which by the Guarantors is not reasonably possible (e.g. the issuance of the Companys Common Stock), the Guarantors shall only
be liable for making the Purchasers whole on a monetary basis for the Companys failure to perform such Obligations in accordance
with the Transaction Documents.

(b)
Right of Contribution. Subject to Section 2(c), each Guarantor hereby agrees that to the extent that a Guarantor shall have paid
more than its proportionate share of any payment made hereunder, such Guarantor shall be entitled to seek and receive contribution from
and against any other Guarantor hereunder which has not paid its proportionate share of such payment. Each Guarantors right of
contribution shall be subject to the terms and conditions of Section 2(c). The provisions of this Section 2(b) shall in no respect limit
the obligations and liabilities of any Guarantor to the Purchasers and each Guarantor shall remain liable to the Purchasers for the full
amount guaranteed by such Guarantor hereunder.

3

(c)
No Subrogation. Notwithstanding any payment made by any Guarantor hereunder or any set-off or application of funds of any Guarantor
by the Purchasers, no Guarantor shall be entitled to be subrogated to any of the rights of the Purchasers against the Company or any
other Guarantor or any collateral security or guarantee or right of offset held by the Purchasers for the payment of the Obligations,
nor shall any Guarantor seek or be entitled to seek any contribution or reimbursement from the Company or any other Guarantor in respect
of payments made by such Guarantor hereunder, until all amounts owing to the Purchasers by the Company on account of the Obligations
are indefeasibly paid in full. If any amount shall be paid to any Guarantor on account of such subrogation rights at any time when all
of the Obligations shall not have been paid in full, such amount shall be held by such Guarantor in trust for the Purchasers, segregated
from other funds of such Guarantor, and shall, forthwith upon receipt by such Guarantor, be turned over to the Purchasers in the exact
form received by such Guarantor (duly indorsed by such Guarantor to the Purchasers, if required), to be applied against the Obligations,
whether matured or unmatured, in such order as the Purchasers may determine.

(d)
Amendments, Etc. With Respect to the Obligations. Each Guarantor shall remain obligated hereunder notwithstanding that, without
any reservation of rights against any Guarantor and without notice to or further assent by any Guarantor, any demand for payment of any
of the Obligations made by the Purchasers may be rescinded by the Purchasers and any of the Obligations continued, and the Obligations,
or the liability of any other Person upon or for any part thereof, or any collateral security or guarantee therefor or right of offset
with respect thereto, may, from time to time, in whole or in part, be renewed, extended, amended, modified, accelerated, compromised,
waived, surrendered or released by the Purchasers, and the Purchase Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and any other documents
executed and delivered in connection therewith may be amended, modified, supplemented or terminated, in whole or in part, as the Purchasers
may deem advisable from time to time, and any collateral security, guarantee or right of offset at any time held by the Purchasers for
the payment of the Obligations may be sold, exchanged, waived, surrendered or released. The Purchasers shall have no obligation to protect,
secure, perfect or insure any Lien at any time held by them as security for the Obligations or for the guarantee contained in this Section
2 or any property subject thereto.

4

(e) Guarantee
Absolute and Unconditional. Each Guarantor waives any and all notice of the creation, renewal, extension or accrual of any of
the Obligations and notice of or proof of reliance by the Purchasers upon the guarantee contained in this Section 2 or acceptance of
the guarantee contained in this Section 2; the Obligations, and any of them, shall conclusively be deemed to have been created,
contracted or incurred, or renewed, extended, amended or waived, in reliance upon the guarantee contained in this Section 2; and all
dealings between the Company and any of the Guarantors, on the one hand, and the Purchasers, on the other hand, likewise shall be
conclusively presumed to have been had or consummated in reliance upon the guarantee contained in this Section 2. Each Guarantor
waives to the extent permitted by law diligence, presentment, protest, demand for payment and notice of default or nonpayment to or
upon the Company or any of the Guarantors with respect to the Obligations. Each Guarantor understands and agrees that the guarantee
contained in this Section 2 shall be construed as a continuing, absolute and unconditional guarantee of payment and performance
without regard to (a) the validity or enforceability of the Purchase Agreement or any other Transaction Document, any of the
Obligations or any other collateral security therefor or guarantee or right of offset with respect thereto at any time or from time
to time held by the Purchasers, (b) any defense, set-off or counterclaim (other than a defense of payment or performance or fraud by
Purchasers) which may at any time be available to or be asserted by the Company or any other Person against the Purchasers, or (c)
any other circumstance whatsoever (with or without notice to or knowledge of the Company or such Guarantor) which constitutes, or
might be construed to constitute, an equitable or legal discharge of the Company for the Obligations, or of such Guarantor under the
guarantee contained in this Section 2, in bankruptcy or in any other instance. When making any demand hereunder or otherwise
pursuing its rights and remedies hereunder against any Guarantor, the Purchasers may, but shall be under no obligation to, make a
similar demand on or otherwise pursue such rights and remedies as they may have against the Company, any other Guarantor or any
other Person or against any collateral security or guarantee for the Obligations or any right of offset with respect thereto, and
any failure by the Purchasers to make any such demand, to pursue such other rights or remedies or to collect any payments from the
Company, any other Guarantor or any other Person or to realize upon any such collateral security or guarantee or to exercise any
such right of offset, or any release of the Company, any other Guarantor or any other Person or any such collateral security,
guarantee or right of offset, shall not relieve any Guarantor of any obligation or liability hereunder, and shall not impair or
affect the rights and remedies, whether express, implied or available as a matter of law, of the Purchasers against any Guarantor.
For the purposes hereof, demand shall include the commencement and continuance of any legal proceedings.

(f)
Reinstatement. The guarantee contained in this Section 2 shall continue to be effective, or, to the extent permitted by applicable
law be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time payment, or any part thereof, of any of the Obligations is rescinded or must otherwise
be restored or returned by the Purchasers upon the insolvency, bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation or reorganization of the Company
or any Guarantor, or upon or as a result of the appointment of a receiver, intervenor or conservator of, or trustee or similar officer
for, the Company or any Guarantor or any substantial part of its property, or otherwise, all as though such payments had not been made.

(g)
Payments. Each Guarantor hereby guarantees that payments hereunder will be paid to the Purchasers without set-off or counterclaim
in U.S. dollars at the address set forth or referred to in the Signature Pages to the Purchase Agreement.

5

3.
Representations and Warranties. Each Guarantor hereby makes the following representations and warranties to Purchasers as of the
date hereof:

(a)
Organization and Qualification. The Guarantor is a corporation, duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under
the laws of the applicable jurisdiction set forth on Schedule 1, with the requisite corporate power and authority to own and use its
properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. The Guarantor has no subsidiaries other than those identified
as such on the Disclosure Schedules to the Purchase Agreement. The Guarantor is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing
as a foreign corporation in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification
necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could not, individually or in the aggregate,
(x) adversely affect the legality, validity or enforceability of any of this Guaranty in any material respect, (y) have a material adverse
effect on the results of operations, assets, prospects, or financial condition of the Guarantor or (z) adversely impair in any material
respect the Guarantors ability to perform fully on a timely basis its obligations under this Guaranty (a Material Adverse
Effect).

(b)
Authorization; Enforcement. The Guarantor has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the
transactions contemplated by this Guaranty, and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder. The execution and delivery of this
Guaranty by the Guarantor and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all requisite
corporate action on the part of the Guarantor. This Guaranty has been duly executed and delivered by the Guarantor and constitutes the
valid and binding obligation of the Guarantor enforceable against the Guarantor in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability
may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation or similar laws relating to, or affecting
generally the enforcement of, creditors rights and remedies or by other equitable principles of general application.

(c)
No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of this Guaranty by the Guarantor and the consummation by the Guarantor
of the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of its Certificate of Incorporation
or By-laws or (ii) conflict with, constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default)
under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument
to which the Guarantor is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or
other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Guarantor is subject (including Federal and State securities laws
and regulations), or by which any material property or asset of the Guarantor is bound or affected, except in the case of each of clauses
(ii) and (iii), such conflicts, defaults, terminations, amendments, accelerations, cancellations and violations as could not, individually
or in the aggregate, have or result in a Material Adverse Effect. The business of the Guarantor is not being conducted in violation of
any law, ordinance or regulation of any governmental authority, except for violations which, individually or in the aggregate, do not
have a Material Adverse Effect.

6

(d)
Consents and Approvals. The Guarantor is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, or make any filing
or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local, foreign or other governmental authority or other person in connection
with the execution, delivery and performance by the Guarantor of this Guaranty.

(e)
Purchase Agreement. The representations and warranties of the Company set forth in the Purchase Agreement as they relate to such
Guarantor, each of which is hereby incorporated herein by reference, are true and correct as of each time such representations are deemed
to be made pursuant to such Purchase Agreement, and the Purchasers shall be entitled to rely on each of them as if they were fully set
forth herein, provided that each reference in each such representation and warranty to the Companys knowledge shall, for the purposes
of this Section 3, be deemed to be a reference to such Guarantors knowledge.

(f)
Foreign Law. Each Guarantor has consulted with appropriate foreign legal counsel with respect to any of the above representations
for which non-U.S. law is applicable. Such foreign counsel have advised each applicable Guarantor that such counsel knows of no reason
why any of the above representations would not be true and accurate. Such foreign counsel were provided with copies of this Subsidiary
Guarantee and the Transaction Documents prior to rendering their advice.

4.
Covenants.

(a)
Each Guarantor covenants and agrees with the Purchasers that, from and after the date of this Guarantee until the Obligations shall have
been indefeasibly paid in full, such Guarantor shall take, and/or shall refrain from taking, as the case may be, each commercially reasonable
action that is necessary to be taken or not taken, as the case may be, so that no Event of Default (as defined in the Debentures) is
caused by the failure to take such action or to refrain from taking such action by such Guarantor.

(b)
So long as any of the Obligations are outstanding, unless Purchasers holding at least 67% of the aggregate principal amount of the then
outstanding Debentures shall otherwise consent in writing, each Guarantor will not directly or indirectly on or after the date of this
Guarantee:

7

i.
enter into, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any indebtedness for borrowed money of any kind, including but not limited to, a
guarantee, on or with respect to any of its property or assets now owned or hereafter acquired or any interest therein or any income
or profits therefrom, other than Indebtedness existing at the time such Guarantor was acquired by the Company;

ii.
enter into, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any liens of any kind, on or with respect to any of its property or assets now owned
or hereafter acquired or any interest therein or any income or profits therefrom;

iii.
amend its certificate of incorporation, bylaws or other charter documents so as to adversely affect any rights of any Purchaser;

iv.
repay, repurchase or offer to repay, repurchase or otherwise acquire more than a de minimis number of shares of its securities or debt
obligations;

v.
pay cash dividends on any equity securities of the Company;

vi.
enter into any transaction with any Affiliate of the Guarantor which would be required to be disclosed in any public filing of the Company
with the Commission, unless such transaction is made on an arms-length basis and expressly approved by a majority of the disinterested
directors of the Company (even if less than a quorum otherwise required for board approval); or

vii.
enter into any agreement with respect to any of the foregoing.

5.
Miscellaneous.

(a)
Amendments in Writing. None of the terms or provisions of this Guarantee may be waived, amended, supplemented or otherwise modified
except in writing by the Purchasers.

(b)
Notices. All notices, requests and demands to or upon the Purchasers or any Guarantor hereunder shall be effected in the manner
provided for in the Purchase Agreement, provided that any such notice, request or demand to or upon any Guarantor shall be addressed
to such Guarantor at its notice address set forth on Schedule 5(b).

8

(c)
No Waiver By Course Of Conduct; Cumulative Remedies. The Purchasers shall not by any act (except by a written instrument pursuant
to Section 5(a)), delay, indulgence, omission or otherwise be deemed to have waived any right or remedy hereunder or to have acquiesced
in any default under the Transaction Documents or Event of Default. No failure to exercise, nor any delay in exercising, on the part
of the Purchasers, any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof. No single or partial exercise of any right,
power or privilege hereunder shall preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege.
A waiver bSy the Purchasers of any right or remedy hereunder on any one occasion shall not be construed as a bar to any right or remedy
which the Purchasers would otherwise have on any future occasion. The rights and remedies herein provided are cumulative, may be exercised
singly or concurrently and are not exclusive of any other rights or remedies provided by law.

(d)
Enforcement Expenses; Indemnification.

(i)
Each Guarantor agrees to pay, or reimburse the Purchasers for, all its costs and expenses incurred in collecting against such Guarantor
under the guarantee contained in Section 2 or otherwise enforcing or preserving any rights under this Guarantee and the other Transaction
Documents to which such Guarantor is a party, including, without limitation, the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel to the
Purchasers.

(ii)
Each Guarantor agrees to pay, and to save the Purchasers harmless from, any and all liabilities with respect to, or resulting from any
delay in paying, any and all stamp, excise, sales or other taxes which may be payable or determined to be payable in connection with
any of the transactions contemplated by this Guarantee.

(iii)
Each Guarantor agrees to pay, and to save the Purchasers harmless from, any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties,
actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever with respect to the execution, delivery,
enforcement, performance and administration of this Guarantee to the extent the Company would be required to do so pursuant to the Purchase
Agreement.

(iv)
The agreements in this Section shall survive repayment of the Obligations and all other amounts payable under the Purchase Agreement
and the other Transaction Documents.

(e)
Successor and Assigns. This Guarantee shall be binding upon the successors and assigns of each Guarantor and shall inure to the
benefit of the Purchasers and their respective successors and assigns; provided that no Guarantor may assign, transfer or delegate any
of its rights or obligations under this Guarantee without the prior written consent of the Purchasers.

9

(f)
Set-Off. Each Guarantor hereby irrevocably authorizes the Purchasers at any time and from time to time while an Event of Default
under any of the Transaction Documents shall have occurred and be continuing, without notice to such Guarantor or any other Guarantor,
any such notice being expressly waived by each Guarantor, to set-off and appropriate and apply any and all deposits, credits, indebtedness
or claims, in any currency, in each case whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, at any time held or
owing by the Purchasers to or for the credit or the account of such Guarantor, or any part thereof in such amounts as the Purchasers
may elect, against and on account of the obligations and liabilities of such Guarantor to the Purchasers hereunder and claims of every
nature and description of the Purchasers against such Guarantor, in any currency, whether arising hereunder, under the Purchase Agreement,
any other Transaction Document or otherwise, as the Purchasers may elect, whether or not the Purchasers have made any demand for payment
and although such obligations, liabilities and claims may be contingent or unmatured. The Purchasers shall notify such Guarantor promptly
of any such set-off and the application made by the Purchasers of the proceeds thereof, provided that the failure to give such notice
shall not affect the validity of such set-off and application. The rights of the Purchasers under this Section are in addition to other
rights and remedies (including, without limitation, other rights of set-off) which the Purchasers may have.

(g)
Counterparts. This Guarantee may be executed by one or more of the parties to this Guarantee on any number of separate counterparts
(including by telecopy), and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument.

(h)
Severability. Any provision of this Guarantee which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction,
be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such
prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.

(i)
Section Headings. The Section headings used in this Guarantee are for convenience of reference only and are not to affect the
construction hereof or be taken into consideration in the interpretation hereof.

(j)
Integration. This Guarantee and the other Transaction Documents represent the agreement of the Guarantors and the Purchasers with
respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, and there are no promises, undertakings, representations or warranties by the Purchasers
relative to subject matter hereof and thereof not expressly set forth or referred to herein or in the other Transaction Documents.

10

(k)
Governing Laws. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Guarantee shall be
governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles
of conflicts of law thereof. Each of the Company and the Guarantors agree that all proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement
and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Guarantee (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates,
directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts
sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan. Each of the Company and the Guarantors hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive
jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute
hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and
agrees not to assert in any proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such
proceeding is improper. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served
in any such proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to
such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Guarantee and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient
service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any
manner permitted by law. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all
right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Guarantee or the transactions contemplated hereby.

(l)
Acknowledgements. Each Guarantor hereby acknowledges that:

(i)
it has been advised by counsel in the negotiation, execution and delivery of this Guarantee and the other Transaction Documents to which
it is a party;

(ii)
the Purchasers have no fiduciary relationship with or duty to any Guarantor arising out of or in connection with this Guarantee or any
of the other Transaction Documents, and the relationship between the Guarantors, on the one hand, and the Purchasers, on the other hand,
in connection herewith or therewith is solely that of debtor and creditor; and

(iii)
no joint venture is created hereby or by the other Transaction Documents or otherwise exists by virtue of the transactions contemplated
hereby among the Guarantors and the Purchasers.

(m) Additional
Guarantors. The Company shall cause each of its subsidiaries formed or acquired on or subsequent to the date hereof to become a
Guarantor for all purposes of this Guarantee by executing and delivering an Assumption Agreement in the form of Annex 1
hereto.

(n)
Release of Guarantors. Each Guarantor will be released from all liability hereunder concurrently with the indefeasible repayment
in full of all amounts owed under the Purchase Agreement, the Debentures and the other Transaction Documents.

(o)
Seniority. The Obligations of each of the Guarantors hereunder rank senior in priority to any other Indebtedness (as defined in
the Purchase Agreement) of such Guarantor other than Indebtedness which is by its terms senior to this Guarantee at the time it was incurred
or at the time such Guarantor was acquired by the Company.

(p)
WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH GUARANTOR AND, BY ACCEPTANCE OF THE BENEFITS HEREOF, THE PURCHASERS, HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY
WAIVE TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS GUARANTEE AND FOR ANY COUNTERCLAIM THEREIN.

*********************

(Signature
Pages Follow)

11

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the undersigned has caused this Guarantee to be duly executed and delivered as of the date first above
written.

SUBSIDIARY 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

12

SCHEDULE
1

GUARANTORS

Name
of Subsidiary Jurisdiction
of Incorporation Date
of Incorporation

AgriFORCE
Investments Inc. Delaware April
9, 2019

West
Pender Holdings, Inc. Delaware September
1, 2018

AGI
IP Co. Nevada March
5, 2020

West
Pender Consulting Company* Nevada July
9, 2019

UN(THINK)
FOOD COMPANY CANADA LTD. British
Columbia August
19, 2022

un(Think)
Food Company Nevada June
20, 2022

RADICAL
TECHNOLOGIES, LTD. New
York October
28, 2024

AF
Redwater, Inc Alberta November
26, 2024

13

Annex
1 to

SUBSIDIARY
GUARANTEE

ASSUMPTION
AGREEMENT, dated as of ____ __, ______ made by ______________________________, a ______________ corporation (the Additional
Guarantor), in favor of the Purchasers pursuant to the Purchase Agreement referred to below. All capitalized terms not defined
herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in such Purchase Agreement.

W I T N E S S E T H :

WHEREAS, AgriFORCE Growing Systems Ltd., a British Columbia corporation (the Company) and the Purchasers have
entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of [________ ___, 2022 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from
time to time, the Purchase Agreement);

WHEREAS,
in connection with the Purchase Agreement, the Subsidiaries of the Company (other than the Additional Guarantor) have entered into the
Subsidiary Guarantee, dated as of [______________ ____, 2022 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Guarantee)
in favor of the Purchasers;

WHEREAS, the Purchase Agreement requires the
Additional Guarantor to become a party to the Guarantee; and WHEREAS, the Additional Guarantor has agreed to execute and deliver
this Assumption Agreement in order to become a party to the Guarantee;

NOW,
THEREFORE, IT IS AGREED:

1.
Guarantee. By executing and delivering this Assumption Agreement, the Additional Guarantor, as provided in Section 5(m) of the
Guarantee, hereby becomes a party to the Guarantee as a Guarantor thereunder with the same force and effect as if originally named therein
as a Guarantor and, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, hereby expressly assumes all obligations and liabilities of a Guarantor
thereunder. The information set forth in Annex 1 hereto is hereby added to the information set forth in Schedule 1 to the Guarantee.
The Additional Guarantor hereby represents and warrants that each of the representations and warranties contained in Section 3 of the
Guarantee is true and correct on and as the date hereof as to such Additional Guarantor (after giving effect to this Assumption Agreement)
as if made on and as of such date.

2.
Governing Law. THIS ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE
STATE OF NEW YORK.

14

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this Assumption Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the date first above
written.

[ADDITIONALGUARANTOR]

By:

Name: 

Title: 

15
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.6
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex10-6.htm
<TEXT>
EXHIBIT
10.6

SECURITY
AGREEMENT

THIS
SECURITY AGREEMENT (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, this Agreement) executed
on January __, 2025 and becoming effective on the Effective Date, between AgriFORCE Growing Systems Ltd. (the Company, each Material
Subsidiary, and each other Person who becomes a party to this Agreement by execution of a joinder in the form of Exhibit A attached
hereto, which shall include all Material Subsidiaries of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof are hereinafter sometimes
referred to individually as a Debtor and, collectively, as the Debtors) and [ ], each in its capacity as
a Purchaser (as defined in the Purchase Agreement (as hereinafter defined)) (together with its respective successors and permitted assigns,
each a Secured Party and collectively, the Secured Parties) who execute this Agreement.

WHEREAS,
the Secured Parties are purchasing from the Company certain Notes (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) in an original aggregate principal
amount of up to $50,000,000 (each as may be amended, supplemented, restated or modified and in effect from time to time);

WHEREAS,
the Notes are being acquired by the Secured Parties, and the Secured Parties have made certain financial accommodations to the Company
pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of the date of this Agreement, by and among the Company and the Secured Parties
(as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time-to-time, the Purchase Agreement). Capitalized
words and terms used herein but not otherwise defined shall have the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement;

WHEREAS,
each Debtor will derive substantial direct or indirect benefit and advantage from the financial accommodations to the Company set forth
in the Purchase Agreement and the Notes, and it will be to each such Debtors direct or indirect interest and economic benefit
to assist the Company in procuring said financial accommodations from the Secured Parties;

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are
hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:

Section
1. Definitions. Capitalized terms used herein without definition and defined in the Purchase Agreement are used herein as
defined therein. In addition, as used herein:

Accounts
means any account, as such term is defined in the UCC, and, in any event, shall include, without limitation, supporting
obligations as defined in the UCC.

Chattel
Paper means any chattel paper, as such term is defined in the UCC.

Collateral
shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 3 hereof.

Collateral
Agent shall mean [ ]1.

1
Purchasers to advise as to whether there will be a Collateral Agent appointed.

Contracts
means all contracts, undertakings, or other agreements (other than rights evidenced by Chattel Paper, Documents or Instruments) in or
under which a Debtor may now or hereafter have any right, title or interest, including, without limitation, with respect to an Account,
any agreement relating to the terms of payment or the terms of performance thereof.

Copyrights
means any copyrights, rights and interests in copyrights, works protectable by copyrights, copyright registrations and copyright applications,
and all renewals of any of the foregoing, all income, royalties, damages and payments now and hereafter due and/or payable under or with
respect to any of the foregoing, including, without limitation, damages and payments for past, present and future infringements of any
of the foregoing and the right to sue for past, present and future infringements of any of the foregoing.

Deposit
Accounts means all deposit accounts as such term is defined in the UCC, now or hereafter held in the name of a Debtor.

Documents
means any documents, as such term is defined in the UCC, and shall include, without limitation, all documents of title
(as defined in the UCC), bills of lading or other receipts evidencing or representing Inventory or Equipment.

Effective
Date means the date that the security interest granted to Jutland Investments LLC in all of the Companys assets is terminated
and all UCC-1 Financing Statements relating thereto have been terminated.

Equipment
means any equipment, as such term is defined in the UCC and, in any event, shall include, Motor Vehicles.

Event
of Default shall have the meaning set forth in the Notes.

Excluded
Assets means any lease, license or other agreement or any property subject to a capital lease, purchase money security interest
or similar arrangement, to the extent that a grant of a Lien thereon in favor of the [Collateral Agent] would violate or invalidate
such lease, license, agreement or capital lease, purchase money security interest or similar arrangement or create a right of termination
in favor of any other party thereto (other than the Debtors), so long as such provision exists and so long as such lease, license or
agreement was not entered into in contemplation of circumventing the obligation to provide Collateral hereunder or in violation of the
Purchase Agreement, other than to the extent that any such term would be rendered ineffective pursuant to Sections 9-406, 9-407, 9-408
or 9-409 of the UCC (or any successor provision or provisions) of any relevant jurisdiction or any other applicable law including the
bankruptcy code, or principles of equity.

General
Intangibles means any general intangibles, as such term is defined in the UCC, and, in any event, shall include,
without limitation, all right, title and interest in or under any Contract, models, drawings, materials and records, claims, literary
rights, goodwill, rights of performance, Copyrights, Trademarks, Patents, warranties, rights under insurance policies and rights of indemnification.

Goods
means any goods, as such term is defined in the UCC, including, without limitation, fixtures and embedded Software to the
extent included in goods as defined in the UCC.

2

Governmental
Authority means the government of the United States of America or any other nation, or any political subdivision thereof, whether
state or local, or any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive,
legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administration powers or functions of or pertaining to government over any Debtor or any
of its subsidiaries, or any of their respective properties, assets or undertakings.

Instruments
means any instrument, as such term is defined in the UCC, and shall include, without limitation, promissory notes, drafts,
bills of exchange, trade acceptances, letters of credit, letter of credit rights (as defined in the UCC), and Chattel Paper.

Inventory
means any inventory, as such term is defined in the UCC.

Investment
Property means any investment property, as such term is defined in the UCC.

Material
Subsidiary refers to each Subsidiary of the Company which has (i) generated at least 5% of the Companys consolidated revenues
during any fiscal quarter over a 12-month period consisting of the last three Form 10-Qs and one Form 10-k filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Fiscal Period) , (ii) at least 5% of consolidated assets as of the end of any fiscal quarter
during the Fiscal Period, or (iii) is engaged in or was formed to engage in the exploration, drilling and completion or production of
oil and/or gas.

Motor
Vehicles shall mean motor vehicles, tractors, trailers and other like property, whether or not the title thereto is governed by
a certificate of title or ownership.

Obligations
means the full amount due under each Note, as it may change from time-to-time, and the cash payment obligations of the Company under
the Transaction Documents, including, without limitation, the principal amount of all debts, claims and indebtedness, accrued and unpaid
interest and all fees, costs and expenses, whether primary, secondary, direct, contingent, fixed or otherwise, heretofore, now and/or
from time to time hereafter owing, due or payable whether before or after the filing of a bankruptcy, insolvency or similar proceeding
under applicable federal, state, foreign or other law and whether or not an allowed claim in any such proceeding.

Patents
means any patents and patent applications, including, without limitation, the inventions and improvements described and claimed therein,
all patentable inventions, and the reissues, divisions, continuations, renewals, extensions and continuations-in-part of any of the foregoing,
and all income, royalties, damages and payments now or hereafter due and/or payable under or with respect to any of the foregoing, including,
without limitation, damages and payments for past, present and future infringements of any of the foregoing and the right to sue for
past, present and future infringements of any of the foregoing.

Permitted
Indebtedness has the meaning set forth in the Notes.

Permitted
Lien means (i) the Liens set forth in Schedule 3.1(m) of the Purchase Agreement, (ii) Liens as do not materially affect
the value of the Collateral and do not materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such Collateral by the Company
and (ii) Liens for the payment of federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance
with GAAP and the payment of which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties.

3

Proceeds
means proceeds, as such term is defined in the UCC and, in any event, includes, without limitation, (a) any and all proceeds
of any insurance, indemnity, warranty or guaranty payable with respect to any of the Collateral, (b) any and all payments (in any form
whatsoever) made or due and payable from time to time in connection with any requisition, confiscation, condemnation, seizure or forfeiture
of all or any part of the Collateral by any Governmental Authority (or any person acting under color of Governmental Authority), and
(c) any and all other amounts from time to time paid or payable under, in respect of or in connection with any of the Collateral.

Representative
means any Person acting as agent, representative or trustee on behalf of the [Collateral Agent] from time-to-time.

Software
means all software as such term is defined in the UCC, now owned or hereafter acquired by a Debtor, other than software
embedded in any category of Goods, including, without limitation, all computer programs and all supporting information provided in connection
with a transaction related to any program.

Trademarks
means any trademarks, trade names, corporate names, company names, business names, fictitious business names, trade styles, service marks,
logos, other business identifiers, prints and labels on which any of the foregoing have appeared or appear, all registrations and recordings
thereof, and all applications in connection therewith, and renewals thereof, and all income, royalties, damages and payments now or hereafter
due and/or payable under or with respect to any of the foregoing, including, without limitation, damages and payments for past, present
and future infringements of any of the foregoing and the right to sue for past, present and future infringements of any of the foregoing.

UCC
shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in the State of Delaware; provided, that to the extent
that the Uniform Commercial Code is used to define any term herein and such term is defined differently in different Articles of the
Uniform Commercial Code, the definition of such term contained in Article 9 shall govern.

4

Section
2. Representations, Warranties and Covenants of the Debtors. Each Debtor represents and warrants to, and covenants with, the [Collateral
Agent] and each Secured Party as follows:

(a)
Subject to the Permitted Liens, such Debtor has or will have rights in and the power to transfer the Collateral in which it purports
to grant a security interest pursuant to Section 3 hereof (subject, with respect to after acquired Collateral, to such Debtor acquiring
the same) and no Lien other than a Permitted Lien exists upon such Collateral.

(b)
Subject to the Permitted Liens, this Agreement is effective to create in favor of the [Collateral Agent] a valid security interest
in and Lien upon all of such Debtors right, title and interest in and to the Collateral.

Section
3. Collateral. As collateral security for the prompt payment in full when due (whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or
otherwise) of the Obligations, each Debtor hereby pledges and grants to the [Collateral Agent], for the benefit of itself and
each Secured Party, a Lien on and security interest in and to all of such Debtors right, title and interest all of the properties
and assets of such Debtor, whether now owned by such Debtor or hereafter acquired and whether now existing or hereafter coming into existence
and wherever located and of every kind, nature and description, whether tangible or intangible, including, but not limited to, the following
(all being collectively referred to herein as Collateral):

(a)
all Instruments, together with all payments thereon or thereunder:

(b)
all Accounts;

(c)
all Inventory;

(d)
all General Intangibles (including payment intangibles (as defined in the UCC) and Software);

(e)
all Equipment;

(f)
all Documents;

(g)
all Contracts;

(h)
all Goods;

(i)
all Investment Property, including without limitation all equity interests now owned or hereafter acquired by such Debtor;

(j)
all Deposit Accounts, including, without limitation, the balance from time to time in all bank accounts maintained by such Debtor;

5

(k)
all Trademarks, Patents and Copyrights and licenses related to such Trademarks, Patents and Copyrights; and

(l)
all other tangible and intangible property of such Debtor, including, without limitation, all interests in real property, Proceeds, tort
claims, products, accessions, rents, profits, income, benefits, substitutions, additions and replacements of and to any of the property
of such Debtor described in the preceding clauses of this Section 3 (including, without limitation, any proceeds of insurance thereon,
insurance claims and all rights, claims and benefits against any Person relating thereto), other rights to payments not otherwise included
in the foregoing, and all books, correspondence, files, records, invoices and other papers, including without limitation all tapes, cards,
computer runs, computer programs, computer files and other papers, documents and records in the possession or under the control of such
Debtor, or any computer bureau or service company from time to time acting for such Debtor.

(m)
As of the date of this Agreement, the Company does not have any Subsidiaries.

Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein or in any Transaction Document, in no event shall the security interest granted herein or therein
attach to any Excluded Assets.

Section
4. Covenants; Remedies. In furtherance of the grant of the pledge and security interest pursuant to Section 3 hereof, each Debtor
hereby agrees as follows:

4.1
Maintenance, etc. 

(a)
Books and Records. Each Debtor shall maintain at its own cost and expense reasonably complete and accurate books and records of
the Collateral, including, without limitation, a record of payments received and credits granted with respect to the Collateral. Upon
the occurrence and during the continuation of any Event of Default, each Debtor shall deliver and turn over any such books and records
(or true and correct copies thereof) to the [Collateral Agent] or its Representative at any time on demand. Each Debtor shall
permit the [Collateral Agent] or any Representative of the [Collateral Agent] to inspect such books and records at any
time during reasonable business hours and upon reasonable notice; provided that a representative of such Debtor may attend such inspection,
if desired by such Debtor, and will provide photocopies thereof at such Debtors expense to the Collateral Agent or its Representative
upon reasonable request of the [Collateral Agent] or its Representative.

(b)
Notice to Account Debtors; Verification. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, (i) upon request
of the [Collateral Agent] or its Representative, each Debtor shall promptly notify (and each Debtor hereby authorizes the [Collateral
Agent] and its Representative so to notify) each account debtor in respect of any Accounts or Instruments or other Persons obligated
on the Collateral that such Collateral has been assigned to the [Collateral Agent] hereunder, and that any payments due or to
become due in respect of such Collateral are to be made directly to the [Collateral Agent] and (ii) the [Collateral Agent]
and its Representative shall have the right at any time or times to make direct verification with the account debtors or other Persons
obligated on the Collateral of any and all of the Accounts or other such Collateral.

6

(c)
Further Identification of Collateral. Each Debtor will, when and as often as reasonably requested by the [Collateral Agent]
or its Representative, furnish to the [Collateral Agent] or such Representative, statements and schedules further identifying
and describing the Collateral and such other reports in connection with the Collateral as the [Collateral Agent] or its Representative
may reasonably request, all in reasonable detail.

4.2
Other Liens. Other than Permitted Liens as defined in the Notes, Debtors will not create, permit or suffer to exist, and will
defend the Collateral against and take such other action as is necessary to remove, any Lien on the Collateral except Permitted Indebtedness,
and will defend the right, title and interest of the Secured Parties in and to the Collateral and in and to all Proceeds thereof against
the claims and demands of all Persons whatsoever.

4.3
Preservation of Rights. Whether or not an Event of Default has occurred or is continuing, and subject to a minimum of 5 business
days notice to the Debtor when an Event of Default has not occurred and is not continuing, the [Collateral Agent] and its
Representative may, but shall not be required to, take any steps the [Collateral Agent] or its Representative reasonably deems
reasonably necessary or reasonably appropriate to preserve any Collateral or any rights against third parties to any of the Collateral,
including obtaining insurance for the Collateral at any time when such Debtor has failed to do so, and Debtors shall promptly pay, or
reimburse the [Collateral Agent] for, all reasonable and documented out of pocket expenses incurred in connection therewith.

4.4
Formation of Material Subsidiaries; Name Change; Location; Bailees.

(a)
If any Collateral is at any time in the possession or control of any warehousemen, bailee, consignee or processor, such Debtor shall,
upon the reasonable request of the [Collateral Agent] or its Representative, notify such warehousemen, bailee, consignee or processor
of the Lien and security interest created hereby.

(b)
Each Debtor acknowledges that it is not authorized to file any financing statement or amendment or termination statement with respect
to any financing statement without the prior written consent of the [Collateral Agent] and agrees that it will not do so without
the prior written consent of the [Collateral Agent], subject to such Debtors rights under Section 9-509(d)(2) to the UCC.

(c)
No Debtor shall enter into any Contract that restricts or prohibits the grant to any Secured Party of a security interest in favor of
the [Collateral Agent] in Accounts, Chattel Paper, Instruments or payment intangibles or the proceeds of the foregoing.

4.5
Events of Default, Etc. During the period during which an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing subject to Permitted
Liens:

(a)
each Debtor shall, at the request of the [Collateral Agent] or its Representative, assemble the Collateral and make it available
to the [Collateral Agent] or its Representative at a place or places designated by the [Collateral Agent] or its Representative
which are reasonably convenient to the [Collateral Agent] or its Representative, as applicable, and such Debtor;

7

(b)
the [Collateral Agent] or its Representative may make any reasonable compromise or settlement deemed desirable with respect to
any of the Collateral and may extend the time of payment, arrange for payment in installments, or otherwise modify the terms of, any
of the Collateral;

(c)
the [Collateral Agent] shall have all of the rights and remedies with respect to the Collateral of a secured party under the UCC
(whether or not said UCC is in effect in the jurisdiction where the rights and remedies are asserted) and such additional rights and
remedies to which a secured party is entitled under the laws in effect in any jurisdiction where any rights and remedies hereunder may
be asserted, including, without limitation, the right, to the maximum extent permitted by law, to: (i) upon three (3) Trading Days
prior written notice to each Debtor, exercise all voting, consensual and other powers of ownership pertaining to the Collateral as if
the [Collateral Agent] were the sole and absolute owner thereof (and each Debtor agrees to take all such action as may be appropriate
to give effect to such right) and (ii) the appointment of a receiver or receivers for all or any part of the Collateral or business of
a Debtor, whether such receivership be incident to a proposed sale or sales of such Collateral or otherwise and without regard to the
value of the Collateral or the solvency of any person or persons liable for the payment of the Obligations secured by such Collateral.
Each Debtor hereby consents to the appointment of such receiver or receivers, waives any and all defenses to such appointment and agrees
that such appointment shall in no manner impair, prejudice or otherwise affect the rights of the [Collateral Agent] or any Secured
Party under this Agreement. Each Debtor hereby expressly waives notice of a hearing for appointment of a receiver and the necessity for
bond or an accounting by the receiver;

(d)
the [Collateral Agent] or its Representative in its discretion may, in the name of the [Collateral Agent] or in the name
of a Debtor or otherwise, demand, sue for, collect or receive any money or property at any time payable or receivable on account of or
in exchange for any of the Collateral, but shall be under no obligation to do so;

(e)
the [Collateral Agent] or its Representative may take immediate possession and occupancy of any premises owned, used or leased
by a Debtor and exercise all other rights and remedies which may be available to the [Collateral Agent] or a Secured Party;

(f)
the [Collateral Agent] may, upon reasonable notice (such reasonable notice to be determined by the [Collateral Agent] in
its sole and absolute discretion, which shall not be less than 10 days), with respect to the Collateral or any part thereof which shall
then be or shall thereafter come into the possession, custody or control of the [Collateral Agent] or its Representative, sell,
lease, license, assign or otherwise dispose of all or any part of such Collateral, at such place or places as the [Collateral Agent]
deems best, and for cash or for credit or for future delivery (without thereby assuming any credit risk), at public or private sale,
without demand of performance or notice of intention to effect any such disposition or of the time or place thereof (except such notice
as is required above or by applicable statute and cannot be waived), and the [Collateral Agent] or anyone else may be the purchaser,
lessee, licensee, assignee or recipient of any or all of the Collateral so disposed of at any public sale (or, to the extent permitted
by law, at any private sale) and thereafter hold the same absolutely, free from any claim or right of whatsoever kind, including any
right or equity of redemption (statutory or otherwise), of Debtors, any such demand, notice and right or equity being hereby expressly
waived and released. The [Collateral Agent] may, without notice or publication, adjourn any public or private sale or cause the
same to be adjourned from time to time by announcement at the time and place fixed for the sale, and such sale may be made at any time
or place to which the sale may be so adjourned; and

8

(g)
the rights, remedies and powers conferred by this Section 4.5 are in addition to, and not in substitution for, any other rights, remedies
or powers that the [Collateral Agent] or any Secured Party may have under any Transaction Document, at law, in equity or by or
under the UCC or any other statute or agreement. The [Collateral Agent] may proceed by way of any action, suit or other proceeding
at law or in equity and no right, remedy or power of the [Collateral Agent] will be exclusive of or dependent on any other. The
[Collateral Agent] may exercise any of its rights, remedies or powers separately or in combination and at any time.

The
proceeds of each collection, sale or other disposition under this Section 4.5 shall be applied in accordance with Section 4.8 hereof.

4.6
Deficiency. If the proceeds of sale, collection or other realization of or upon the Collateral are insufficient to cover the reasonable
and documented costs and expenses of such realization and the payment in full of the Obligations, Debtors shall remain jointly and severally
liable for any deficiency.

4.7
Private Sale. Each Debtor recognizes that the [Collateral Agent] may be unable to effect a public sale of any or
all of the Collateral consisting of securities by reason of certain prohibitions contained in the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Act), and applicable state securities laws, but may be compelled to resort to one or more private sales thereof to
a restricted group of purchasers who will be obliged to agree, among other things, to acquire such Collateral for their own account for
investment and not with a view to the distribution or resale thereof. Each Debtor acknowledges and agrees that any such private sale
may result in prices and other terms less favorable to the seller than if such sale were a public sale and each Debtor agrees that it
is not commercially unreasonable for the [Collateral Agent] to engage in any such private sales or dispositions under such
circumstances. The [Collateral Agent] shall be under no obligation to delay a sale of any of the Collateral to permit a
Debtor to register such Collateral for public sale under the Act, or under applicable state securities laws, even if Debtors would agree
to do so. The [Collateral Agent] shall not incur any liability as a result of the sale of any such Collateral, or any part
thereof, at any private sale provided for in this Agreement conducted in a commercially reasonable manner, and so long as the [Collateral
Agent] conducts such sale in a commercially reasonable manner each Debtor hereby waives any claims against the [Collateral
Agent] or any Secured Party arising by reason of the fact that the price at which the Collateral may have been sold at such a
private sale was less than the price which might have been obtained at a public sale or was less than the aggregate amount of the Obligations,
even if the [Collateral Agent] accepts the first offer received and does not offer the Collateral to more than one offeree.

9

Each
Debtor further agrees to do or cause to be done all such other acts and things as may be necessary to make such sale or sales of any
portion or all of any such Collateral valid and binding and in compliance with any and all applicable laws, regulations, orders, writs,
injunctions, decrees or awards of any and all courts, arbitrators or governmental instrumentalities, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction
over any such sale or sales, all at such Debtors expense. Each Debtor further agrees that a breach of any of the covenants contained
in this Section 4.7 will cause irreparable injury to the Secured Parties, that the Secured Parties have no adequate remedy at law in
respect of such breach and, as a consequence, agrees that each and every covenant contained in this Section 4.7 shall be specifically
enforceable against Debtors by the [Collateral Agent] of behalf of each Secured Party, and each Debtor hereby waives and agrees
not to assert any defenses against an action for specific performance of such covenants except for a defense that no Event of Default
has occurred and is continuing.

4.8
Application of Proceeds. The proceeds of any collection, sale or other realization of all or any part of the Collateral, and any
other cash at the time held by the [Collateral Agent] under this Agreement, shall be applied to the Obligations in accordance
with the Pro Rata Portion of each Secured Party. Pro Rata Portion shall mean the ratio of (x) the subscription amount of
the Notes purchased by a Secured Party participating under this Section 4.8 and (y) the sum of the aggregate subscription amounts of
the Notes purchased by all Secured Parties participating under this Section 4.8.

4.9
Attorney-in-Fact2. Each Debtor hereby irrevocably constitutes and appoints the [Collateral Agent], with full
power of substitution, as its true and lawful attorney-in-fact with full irrevocable power and authority in the place and stead of such
Debtor and in the name of such Debtor or in its own name, upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default (except
in connection with the perfection of the security interest granted to the [Collateral Agent] hereunder), from time to time in
the discretion of the [Collateral Agent], for the purpose of carrying out the terms of this Agreement, to take any and all appropriate
action and to execute and deliver any and all documents and instruments which may be necessary or desirable to perfect or protect any
security interest granted hereunder, to maintain the perfection or priority of any security interest granted hereunder, or to otherwise
accomplish the purposes of this Agreement, and, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, hereby gives the [Collateral Agent]
the power and right, on behalf of such Debtor, without notice to or assent by such Debtor (to the extent permitted by applicable
law), to do the following upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default:

(a)
to take any and all appropriate action and to execute and deliver any and all documents and instruments which may be necessary or desirable
to accomplish the purposes of this Agreement;

(b)
upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, to ask, demand, collect, receive and give acquittance and receipts
for any and all moneys due and to become due under any Collateral and, in the name of such Debtor or its own name or otherwise, to take
possession of and endorse and collect any checks, drafts, notes, acceptances or other Instruments for the payment of moneys due under
any Collateral and to file any claim or to take any other action or proceeding in any court of law or equity or otherwise deemed appropriate
by the [Collateral Agent] for the purpose of collecting any and all such moneys due under any Collateral whenever payable and
to file any claim or to take any other action or proceeding in any court of law or equity or otherwise deemed appropriate by the [Collateral
Agent] for the purpose of collecting any and all such moneys due under any Collateral whenever payable;

2
This Attorney-in-Fact provision will be removed if there is no Collateral Agent.

10

(c)
to pay or discharge charges or liens levied or placed on or threatened against the Collateral, to effect any insurance called for by
the terms of this Agreement and to pay all or any part of the premiums therefor;

(d)
to direct any party liable for any payment under any of the Collateral to make payment of any and all moneys due, and to become due thereunder,
directly to the [Collateral Agent] or as the [Collateral Agent] shall direct, and to receive payment of and receipt for
any and all moneys, claims and other amounts due, and to become due at any time, in respect of or arising out of any Collateral;

(e)
upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, to sign and indorse any invoices, freight or express bills, bills
of lading, storage or warehouse receipts, drafts against debtors, assignments, verifications and notices in connection with accounts
and other Documents constituting or relating to the Collateral;

(f)
upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, to commence and prosecute any suits, actions or proceedings at
law or in equity in any court of competent jurisdiction to collect the Collateral or any part thereof and to enforce any other right
in respect of any Collateral;

(g)
upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, to defend any suit, action or proceeding brought against a Debtor
with respect to any Collateral;

(h)
upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, to settle, compromise or adjust any suit, action or proceeding
described above and, in connection therewith, to give such discharges or releases as the [Collateral Agent] may deem appropriate;

(i)
upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, generally to sell, transfer, pledge, make any agreement with
respect to or otherwise deal with any of the Collateral as fully and completely as though the [Collateral Agent] were the absolute
owners thereof for all purposes; and

(j)
to do, at the [Collateral Agents] option and at such Debtors expense, at any time, or from time to time, all acts
and things which the [Collateral Agent] reasonably deems necessary to protect or preserve or, upon the occurrence and during the
continuation of an Event of Default, realize upon the Collateral and the Secured Parties Liens therein, in order to effect the
intent of this Agreement, all as fully and effectively as such Debtor might do.

Each
Debtor hereby ratifies, to the extent permitted by law, all that such attorneys lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof provided
the same is performed in a commercially reasonable manner. The power of attorney granted hereunder is a power coupled with an interest
and shall be irrevocable until the Obligations are indefeasibly paid in full in cash (other than Obligations which expressly survive
by their terms and contingent indemnification Obligations) and this Agreement is terminated in accordance with Section 4.10 hereof.

11

Each
Debtor also authorizes the [Collateral Agent] at any time from and after the occurrence and during the continuation of any Event
of Default, (x) to communicate in its own name with any party to any Contract with regard to the assignment of the right, title and interest
of such Debtor in and under the Contracts hereunder and other matters relating thereto and (y) to execute, in connection with any sale
of Collateral provided for in Section 4.5 hereof, any endorsements, assignments or other instruments of conveyance or transfer with respect
to the Collateral.

4.10
Termination; Partial Release of Collateral. This Agreement and the Liens and security interests granted hereunder shall not terminate
until the full and complete performance and indefeasible satisfaction of all of the Obligations (other than Obligations which expressly
survive by their terms and contingent indemnification Obligations), whereupon the [Collateral Agent] shall forthwith cause to
be assigned, transferred and delivered, against receipt but without any recourse, warranty or representation whatsoever, any remaining
Collateral to or on the order of Debtors. The [Collateral Agent] shall execute and deliver to Debtors upon such termination all
such documentation as shall be reasonably requested by Debtors or otherwise necessary to effect the termination and release of all Liens
and security interests in favor of the [Collateral Agent] affecting the Collateral. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in
this Agreement, upon full and complete satisfaction of the Obligations (other than Obligations which expressly survive by their terms
and contingent indemnification Obligations), Debtors obligations under this Agreement shall immediately terminate and any Liens shall
thereupon be void. If any of the Collateral shall be sold, transferred to or otherwise disposed of by any Debtor in a transaction permitted
by and in compliance with all applicable provisions of the applicable Transaction Document, then the Liens granted hereunder with respect
to such Collateral shall be automatically released (unless otherwise specified herein or in the other Transaction Documents), all without
delivery of any instrument or performance of any act by any party, and the [Collateral Agent] shall, at the written request and
sole expense of such Debtor, execute and deliver to such Debtor all releases or other documents reasonably necessary or reasonably desirable
for the release of the Liens created hereby on such Collateral.

4.11
Further Assurances. At any time and from time to time, upon the written reasonable request of the [Collateral Agent] or
its Representative, and at the sole expense of Debtors, Debtors will promptly and duly execute and deliver any and all such further instruments,
documents and agreements and take such further actions as the [Collateral Agent] or its Representative may reasonably require
in order for the [Collateral Agent] to obtain the full benefits of this Agreement and of the rights and powers herein granted
in favor of the [Collateral Agent], including, without limitation, using Debtors commercially reasonable efforts to secure
all consents and approvals necessary or appropriate for the assignment to the [Collateral Agent] of any Collateral held by Debtors
or in which a Debtor has any rights not heretofore assigned.

12

4.12
Limitation on Duty of Secured Party. The powers conferred on the [Collateral Agent] under this Agreement are solely to
protect the [Collateral Agents] interest on behalf of itself and the other Secured Parties in the Collateral and shall
not impose any duty upon it to exercise any such powers. The [Collateral Agent] shall be accountable only for amounts that it
actually receives as a result of the exercise of such powers and neither [Collateral Agent] nor its Representative nor any of
their respective officers, directors, employees or agents shall be responsible to Debtors for any act or failure to act, except for gross
negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct. Without limiting the foregoing, the [Collateral Agent] and any Representative shall
be deemed to have exercised reasonable care in the custody and preservation of the Collateral in their possession if such Collateral
is accorded treatment substantially equivalent to that which the [Collateral Agent] or any Representative, in its individual capacity,
accords its own property consisting of the type of Collateral involved, it being understood and agreed that neither the [Collateral
Agent] nor any Representative shall have any responsibility for taking any necessary steps (other than steps taken in accordance
with the standard of care set forth above) to preserve rights against any Person with respect to any Collateral.

Also
without limiting the generality of the foregoing, neither the [Collateral Agent] nor any Representative shall have any obligation
or liability under any Contract or license by reason of or arising out of this Agreement or the granting to the [Collateral Agent]
of a security interest therein or assignment thereof or the receipt by the [Collateral Agent] or any Representative of any
payment relating to any Contract or license pursuant hereto, nor shall the [Collateral Agent] or any Representative be required
or obligated in any manner to perform or fulfill any of the obligations of Debtors under or pursuant to any Contract or license, or to
make any payment, or to make any inquiry as to the nature or the sufficiency of any payment received by it or the sufficiency of any
performance by any party under any Contract or license, or to present or file any claim, or to take any action to collect or enforce
any performance or the payment of any amounts which may have been assigned to it or to which it may be entitled at any time or times.

Section
5. Miscellaneous.

5.1
No Waiver. No failure on the part of the [Collateral Agent] or any of its Representatives to exercise, and no course of
dealing with respect to, and no delay in exercising, any right, power or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall
any single or partial exercise by the [Collateral Agent] or any of its Representatives of any right, power or remedy hereunder
preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy. The rights and remedies hereunder
provided are cumulative and may be exercised singly or concurrently, and are not exclusive of any rights and remedies provided by law.

5.2
Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Security Agreement
shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without giving effect to conflicts of law principles.

5.3
Notices. All notices, approvals, requests, demands and other communications hereunder shall be delivered or made in the manner
set forth in, and shall be effective in accordance with the terms of, the Purchase Agreement. Debtors and [Collateral Agent] may
change their respective notice addresses by written notice given to each other party five days prior to the effectiveness of such change.

13

5.4
Amendments, Etc. The terms of this Agreement may be waived, altered or amended only by an instrument in writing duly executed
by the Debtor sought to be charged or benefited thereby and the Secured Parties holding a majority of the outstanding principal of the
Notes. Any such amendment or waiver shall be binding upon all the Secured Parties (including the [Collateral Agent] in its capacity
as a Secured Party) and the Debtor(s) sought to be charged or benefited thereby and their respective successors and assigns.

5.5
Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the respective successors and assigns
of each of the parties hereto, provided, that no Debtor shall assign or transfer its rights hereunder without the prior
written consent of each Secured Party. Any Secured Party, including the [Collateral Agent] in its capacity as a Secured Party,
may assign its rights hereunder without the consent of Debtors, in which event such assignee shall be deemed to be a Secured Party and/or
[Collateral Agent], as applicable, hereunder with respect to such assigned rights.

5.6
Counterparts; Headings. This Agreement may be authenticated in any number of counterparts, all of which taken together shall constitute
one and the same instrument and any of the parties hereto may authenticate this Agreement by signing any such counterpart. This Agreement
may be authenticated by manual signature or facsimile, .pdf or similar electronic signature, all of which shall be equally valid. The
headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not alter or otherwise affect the meaning hereof.

5.7
Severability. If any provision hereof is invalid and unenforceable in any jurisdiction, then, to the fullest extent permitted
by law, (a) the other provisions hereof shall remain in full force and effect in such jurisdiction and shall be liberally construed in
favor of the [Collateral Agent], its Representative and each other Secured Party (and all of their respective successors and assigns)
in order to carry out the intentions of the parties hereto as nearly as may be possible and (b) the invalidity or unenforceability of
any provision hereof in any jurisdiction shall not affect the validity or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction.

5.8
Exclusive Jurisdiction. Any action, proceeding or claim arising out of, or relating in any way to, this Agreement shall be brought
and enforced only as provided in the Purchase Agreement.

5.9
Waiver of Right to Trial by Jury. Each Debtor and each Secured Party waive their respective rights to a trial by jury of any
claim or cause of action based upon or arising out of or related to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby, in any action,
proceeding or other litigation of any type brought by any of the parties against any other party or parties, whether with respect to
contract claims, tort claims, or otherwise. Each Debtor and each Secured Party agree that any such claim or cause of action shall be
tried by a court trial without a jury. Without limiting the foregoing, the parties further agree that their respective right to a trial
by jury is waived by operation of this Section 5.9 as to any action, counterclaim or other proceeding which seeks, in whole or in part,
to challenge the validity or enforceability of this agreement or any provision hereof. This waiver shall apply to any subsequent amendments,
renewals, supplements or modifications to this Agreement.

14

5.10
Joint and Several. The obligations, covenants and agreements of Debtors hereunder shall be the joint and several obligations,
covenants and agreements of each Debtor, whether or not specifically stated herein without preferences or distinction among them.

5.11
[Collateral Agent] and Secured Parties Indemnification.

(a)
Each Secured Party has, pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, designated and appointed the [Collateral Agent] as the administrative
agent of such Secured Party under this Agreement and the related agreements.

(b)
Nothing in this Section 5.11 shall be deemed to limit or otherwise affect the rights of the [Collateral Agent] to exercise any
remedy provided in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document.

(c)
If pursuant to any Transaction Document a Secured Party (including the [Collateral Agent]) is given the discretion to allocate
proceeds received by such Secured Party (including the [Collateral Agent]) pursuant to the exercise of remedies under the Transaction
Documents or at law or in equity (including without limitation with respect to any secured creditor remedies exercised against the Collateral
and any other collateral security provided for under any Transaction Document), the [Collateral Agent] shall apply such proceeds
to the then outstanding Obligations in the following order of priority (with amounts received being applied in the numerical order set
forth below until exhausted prior to the application to the next succeeding category and each Secured Party entitled to payment shall
receive an amount equal to its Pro Rata Portion of amounts available to be applied pursuant to clauses second, third and fourth below):

first,
to payment of fees, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees) owing to the [Collateral Agent];

second,
to payment of all accrued unpaid interest and fees (other than fees owing to [Collateral Agent]) on the Obligations;

third,
to payment of principal of the Obligations;

fourth,
to payment of any other amounts owing constituting Obligations; and

fifth,
any remainder shall be for the account of and paid to whoever may be lawfully entitled thereto.

15

(d)
Each Debtor agrees, jointly and severally, to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the [Collateral Agent (both in its capacity as collateral
agent hereunder and as a Secured Party)], every other Secured Party, their respective successors and assigns and all of their respective
officers, directors, shareholders, members, managers, partners, employees, attorneys and agents, and any Person in control of any thereof
(collectively, the Indemnitees), from and against any claims, debts, liabilities, losses, demands, obligations, actions,
causes of action, fines, penalties, reasonable and documented out of pocket costs and expenses (including attorneys fees and consultants
fees), of every nature, character and description (each, an Indemnified Liability and collectively the Indemnified
Liabilities), under federal and state securities laws or otherwise insofar as such Indemnified Liability arises out of or is based
upon any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, any other Transaction Document, any of the Obligations, or any other cause
or thing whatsoever occurred, done, omitted or suffered to be done by a Debtor relating to any Secured Party or the Obligations (except
any such amounts sustained or incurred solely as the result of the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of such Indemnitees,
as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction); but limited, in the case of legal fees and expenses, to one counsel to all
such Indemnitees, taken as a whole and, solely in the case of an actual or potential conflict of interest, one additional counsel to
all affected Indemnitees, taken as a whole (and, if reasonably necessary, one local counsel in any relevant jurisdiction to all such
Persons, taken as a whole and, solely in the case of any such an actual or potential conflict of interest, one additional local counsel
to all affected Indemnitees taken as a whole, in each such relevant jurisdiction)). If and to the extent that the foregoing undertakings
in this paragraph may be unenforceable for any reason, each Debtor agrees to jointly and severally make the maximum contribution to the
payment and satisfaction of each of the Indemnified Liabilities which is permissible under applicable law. The obligations of each Debtor
under this Section 5.11(d) shall survive any termination of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document.

5.12
No Strict Construction. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express
their mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party.

5.13
Entire Agreement; Amendment. This Agreement, together with the other transaction documents, supersedes all other prior oral
or written agreements between the Secured Parties, the [Collateral Agent], the Debtors, their affiliates and persons acting on their
behalf with respect to the matters discussed herein, and this Agreement, together with the other transaction documents and the other
instruments referenced herein and therein, contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the matters covered herein
and therein and, except as specifically set forth herein or therein, neither the secured party nor any Debtor makes any representation,
warranty, covenant or undertaking with respect to such matters. As of the date of this Agreement, there are no unwritten agreements between
the parties with respect to the matters discussed herein. No provision of this Agreement may be amended, modified or supplemented other
than by an instrument in writing signed by the Debtors and the Secured Party.

-
Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank; Signature Page Follows -

16

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Security Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the day and year first
above written.

DEBTORS:

AgriFORCE
Growing Systems, Ltd. 

By: 

Name: Jolie
Kahn 

Title: Chief
Executive Officer 

PURCHASER: 

[ ]

By:

Name:

Title:

[ ]

By:

Name:

Title:

EXHIBIT
A

Form
of Joinder

Joinder
to Security Agreement

The
undersigned, ______________________________, hereby joins in the execution of that certain Security Agreement dated as of __________________,
2025 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Security Agreement) by the Debtors
(as defined therein), the Secured Parties (as defined therein), and each other Person that becomes a Debtor or a Secured Party thereunder
after the date thereof and hereof and pursuant to the terms thereof, to and in favor of [ ], a business entity organized under the laws
of the [ ], in its capacity as [Collateral Agent] for the Secured Parties. By executing this Joinder, the undersigned hereby agrees
that it is a Debtor thereunder and agrees to be bound by all of the terms and provisions of the Security Agreement. The undersigned represents
and warrants that the representations and warranties set forth in the Security Agreement are, with respect to the undersigned, true and
correct as of the date hereof.

________________, a ________

By: 

Title: 

FEIN: ______________
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>agri-20250116.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>agri-20250116_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>agri-20250116_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 16, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 16, 2025

Entity File Number 001-40578

Entity Registrant Name AGRIFORCE
GROWING SYSTEMS, LTD.

Entity Central Index Key 0001826397

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code A1

Entity Address, Address Line One 800-525
West 8th Avenue

Entity Address, City or Town Vancouver

Entity Address, State or Province BC

Entity Address, Country CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code V5Z
1C6

City Area Code (604)

Local Phone Number 757-0952

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Shares

Trading Symbol AGRI

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCountry

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:countryCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://agriforcegs.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

agri-20250116.xsd 
agri-20250116_lab.xml 
agri-20250116_pre.xml 
form8-k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-002585-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001826397 

2025-01-16 
2025-01-16 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001826397 
A1 
8-K 
2025-01-16 
AGRIFORCE GROWING SYSTEMS, LTD. 
001-40578 
800-525 West 8th Avenue 
Vancouver 
BC 
CA 
V5Z 1C6 
(604) 
757-0952 
false 
false 
false 
false 
true 
false 
Common Shares 
AGRI 
NASDAQ
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>