<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-005007.txt : 20250121
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-005007.hdr.sgml : 20250121
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250121160509
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-005007
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250114
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250121
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250121

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FORMATION MINERALS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001885336
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				872406468
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0430

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41209
		FILM NUMBER:		25542520

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4730 S. FORT APACHE RD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89147
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(347) 325-4677

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4730 S. FORT APACHE RD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89147

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SensaSure Technologies, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210928
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0228130-8k_formation.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000188533600018853362025-01-142025-01-14iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
January 21, 2025 (January 14, 2025)

FORMATION MINERALS, INC.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)

Nevada 001-41209 87-2406468

(State or other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

P.O. Box 67

Jacksboro, Texas76458

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip
Code)

972-217-4080

(Registrants Telephone Number, Including
Area Code)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: None

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see
General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

In this Current Report
on Form 8-K, the terms we, us, our and the Company refer to Formation Minerals,
Inc., a Nevada corporation, unless the context indicates otherwise.

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive
Agreement.

Common Stock Purchase Agreement

On January 14, 2025, we entered into a common
stock purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement) with an accredited investor (the Investor), pursuant to
which, the Investor has committed, subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions, to purchase up to an aggregate of $1.0
million (the Commitment Amount) of the Companys common stock, par value $0.01 per share (Common Stock),
subject to certain limitations, from time to time and at the Companys sole discretion (the Shares), commencing on
the date of the Purchase Agreement and ending on December 31, 2025, as described below.

Under the terms and subject to the conditions
of the Purchase Agreement, the Company has the right, but not the obligation, to sell to the Investor, and the Investor is obligated to
purchase up to $1.0 million shares of the Common Stock. Such sales of Common Stock by the Company, if any, will be subject to certain
limitations set forth in the Purchase Agreement, and may occur from time to time, at the Companys sole discretion, commencing on
the date of the Purchase Agreement and ending on December 31, 2025 or until such earlier time as the Commitment Amount has been satisfied.
Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company has the option to exercise this right by providing a notice (a Purchase Notice)
to the Investor setting forth the number of Shares that the Company is requesting the Investor to purchase. The maximum number of Shares
that may be purchased pursuant to a Purchase Notice cannot exceed (i) 35,000,000 shares of Common Stock if the volume weighted average
price (the VWAP) of the Common Stock for the five Business Days (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) prior to a Purchase
Notice is less than $0.01, and (ii) an amount of shares of Common Stock which would have a purchase price of greater than $250,000. The
purchase price (Purchase Price) for such Shares will be the lowest traded price of the Common Stock on the New York Stock
Exchange, the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, or any of the OTC Markets,
whichever is the principal market on which the Common Stock is then listed and traded (the Principal Market) during the
five Business Days prior to a Closing Date (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) with respect to a Purchase Notice, as reported by Bloomberg,
L.P. (Bloomberg), and multiplied by 75%; provided, however, that if at any time, such shares of Common Stock are listed
and traded on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC or another national securities exchange having similar price restriction, the purchase price
will be ninety percent (90%) of the lowest volume weighted average price as reported by Bloomberg, during the applicable pricing period.

We will not be entitled to deliver a Purchase Notice to the Investor, unless (i) the Registration Statement (as defined below) is declared
effective, (ii) the shares of Common Stock are listed or quoted for trading on a Principal Market and are not suspended from trading thereon,
(iii) we have complied with our obligations under the Purchase Agreement, (iv) no injunction has been issued or is in force that prohibits
the purchase or issuance of the Shares pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, and (v) the issuance of the Shares pursuant to the Purchase
Agreement does not violate applicable requirements of the Principal Market. As of the date hereof, up to 6,653,359 shares of Common Stock
are issuable pursuant to the Purchase Agreement assuming a purchase price of $0.037575 per share based on the lowest traded price for
the Common Stock during the five Business Days preceding the date hereof and multiplied by 75%. The Company intends to use the net proceeds
from the sale of any Shares under the Purchase Agreement for general corporate and working capital purposes and acquisitions of assets,
businesses or operations or for other purposes that the board of directors of the Company, in good faith, deems to be in the best interest
of the Company. In addition, under the Purchase Agreement, the Company has agreed to reimburse the Investor $15,000 for the reasonable
legal fees and disbursements of the Investors legal counsel, which shall be deducted from the Purchase Price to be paid by the
Investor to the Company pursuant to the first Purchase Notice delivered pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.

The Purchase Agreement prohibits the Company from directing the Investor
to purchase any Shares if those Shares, when aggregated with all other shares of Common Stock then beneficially owned by the Investor
(as calculated pursuant to Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Rule 13d-3 thereunder), would result
in the Investor beneficially owning more than 4.99% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).
The Investor has agreed not to engage in or effect, directly or indirectly, for its own principal account or for the principal account
of any of its affiliates, any short sales of the Common Stock or hedging transaction that establishes a net short position in the Common
Stock during the term of the Purchase Agreement.

On January 14, 2025, as consideration for the Investors commitment
to purchase the Shares, the Company issued to the Investor a common stock purchase warrant (the Warrant) to purchase up
to a number of shares of Common Stock (the Warrant Shares) with an aggregate value equal to 50% of the Commitment Amount
divided by the Exercise Price (as defined below), which is based on a Company valuation of $5,000,000. The exercise price per Warrant
Share (the Exercise Price) will be calculated by dividing $5,000,000 by the total number of issued and outstanding shares
of Common Stock as of the Exercise Date (as defined in the Warrant). The Warrant will expire on January 14, 2030. The Investor will not
have the right to exercise any portion of the Warrant to the extent that, after giving effect to such exercise, the beneficial ownership
of the Investor, along with its affiliates, would exceed the Beneficial Ownership Limitation.

1

The Investor was also granted certain customary registration rights
with respect to the resale of the Shares and the Warrant Shares. Under the Purchase Agreement, the Company is required to, no later than
January 24, 2025, prepare and file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) a Registration Statement,
on Form S-1 (the Registration Statement), covering the resale of the Shares and Warrant Shares on a continuous basis pursuant
to Rule 415 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). The Company shall use its best efforts to cause
the SEC to declare the initial Registration Statement effective as soon as possible but in any event by April 14, 2025 and to remain effective
until the Investor ceases to hold the Shares and Warrant Shares. If at any time after July 14, 2025, there is no effective registration
statement in connection with the resale of the Warrant Shares by the Investor, then the Investor may exercise the Warrant by means of
cashless exercise in which the Investor may receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing
(x) the product of (i) the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that would be issuable upon exercise of the Warrant in accordance
with the terms of the Warrant if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise and (ii) the Market Price
(as defined below) minus the Exercise Price by the (y) the Market Price. The Market Price is the highest traded price of the Common Stock
during the 150 trading days prior to the date of the respective exercise notice.

The Purchase Agreement contains customary
representations, warranties, conditions and indemnification obligations of the parties.

The Warrant was, and the Shares and Warrant
Shares issuable pursuant to the Purchase Agreement will be, issued and sold in reliance upon the exemption from registration afforded
by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated by the SEC under the Securities Act, and/or upon such other
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act as may be available with respect thereto. This Current Report on Form
8-K shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any shares of Common Stock in any state or jurisdiction
in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any
such state or other jurisdiction.

The foregoing descriptions of the Purchase
Agreement and the Warrant are summaries and, as such, do not purport to be complete and are subject to and qualified in their entirety
by reference to the full text of the Purchase Agreement and the Warrant, copies of which are filed as Exhibit 10.1 and Exhibit 4.1 to
this Current Report on Form 8-K, respectively, which are incorporated herein by reference.

Investment Banking Fees

Enclave Capital LLC (Enclave)
acted as investment banker in connection with the Purchase Agreement and will receive a cash fee
equal to 8.0% of the aggregate consideration received by the Company at each closing under the Purchase Agreement pursuant to a letter
agreement dated November 6, 2024 between the Company and Enclave, in addition to reimbursement of Enclaves out-of-pocket expenses
in connection with the services rendered up to an aggregate of $50,000 for all services rendered thereunder.

Item 3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity
Securities.

The disclosure set forth above under Item
1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference herein.

Item 8.01. Other Events.

On January 21, 2025, we issued a press release,
which press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1, regarding the Companys entry into the Purchase Agreement, as well as provided
a corporate update.

The information in this Current Report on
Form 8-K with respect to Item 8.01 (including the press release attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1) is being furnished pursuant to Item 8.01
of Form 8-K and shall not be deemed to be filed for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed to be incorporated
by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act. This Current Report on Form 8-K
(including Exhibit 99.1) will not be deemed an admission as to the materiality of any information contained herein.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

Exhibits

4.1 Form of January 2025 Warrant.

10.1 Common Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 14, 2025, by and between Formation Minerals, Inc. and the Investor signatory thereto.

99.1 Press Release, dated January 21, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File. (Embedded within the Inline XBRL document.)

2

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

Date: January 21, 2025

FORMATION MINERALS, INC. 

By: /s/ Scott A. Cox 

Scott A. Cox 

President, Chief Executive Officer 

and Chief Financial Officer 

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea022813001ex4-1_formation.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF JANUARY 2025 WARRANT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES
FOR WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF
ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT),
AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT
TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE
WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION
WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

FORM OF WARRANT

FORMATION MINERALS, INC.

Warrant No. __ 

Initial Exercise Date: January 14, 2025

THIS WARRANT (the
Warrant) certifies that, for value received, Alumni Capital LP or its assigns (the Holder)
is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or
after January 14, 2025 (the Initial Exercise Date) and on or prior to the close of business on the five (5)
year anniversary of the Initial Exercise Date (the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and
purchase from Formation Minerals, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), the Companys Common Stock ,
par value $0.01, in the amounts and the price per share as set forth in Section 2.

Section 1. Definitions. Capitalized
terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in that certain Common Stock Purchase Agreement (the Purchase
Agreement) dated January 14, 2025, by and between the Company and the Holder.

For purposes of this Warrant, the following
terms shall have the following meanings:

Affiliate means, as
applied to any Person, any other Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with, that
Person. For the purposes of this definition, control (including, with correlative meanings, the terms
controlling, controlled by and under common control with), as applied to any Person, means
possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether
through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise.

Approved Stock
Plan means any employee benefit plan or agreement which has been approved by the board of directors of the Company prior
to or subsequent to the date hereof pursuant to which shares of Common Stock and Options may be issued to any employee, officer,
consultant, or director for services provided to the Company in their capacity as such.

Business
Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States, or any day
on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close.

Common Stock means
the Common Stock of the Company.

Convertible
Securities means any stock or other security (other than Options) that is at any time and under any circumstances, directly
or indirectly, convertible into, exercisable or exchangeable for, or which otherwise entitles the holder thereof to acquire, any shares
of Common Stock.

Excluded
Securities means (i) Common Stock issuable upon a stock split, stock dividend, or any subdivision of shares of Common Stock
approved by the Companys stockholders; and (ii) shares of Common Stock (or Options, Convertible Securities, or other rights to
purchase such shares of Common Stock) issued or issuable to employees or directors of, or consultants providing bona fide services to,
the Company pursuant to an Approved Stock Plan (as defined above) provided that all such issuances (taking into account the shares of
Common Stock issuable upon exercise of such Options or Convertible Securities) after the date hereof pursuant to this clause (iii) do
not, in the aggregate, exceed 10% of the Common Stock issued and outstanding.

Exercise
Date means each date on which the Holder elects to exercise this Warrant, in whole or in part.

Exercise
Value means the number of Common Stock received upon an exercise of this Warrant multiplied by the Exercise Price applicable
to such exercise.

Market Price
means the highest traded price of the Common Stock during the one hundred and fifty (150) Trading Days prior to the date of the respective
Exercise Notice.

Options
means any rights, warrants, or options to subscribe for, purchase, or otherwise acquire shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities.

Trading
Day means a day on which the shares of Common Stock are traded on the Trading Market; provided, however, that in the event
that the shares of Common Stock are not listed or quoted on the Trading Market, then Trading Day shall mean any day except Saturday, Sunday
and any day which shall be a legal holiday or a day on which banking institutions in the State of New York or State of Delaware are authorized
or required by law or other government action to close.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock
Exchange, or the OTC Markets QB Tier (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

2

Section 2. Exercise.

a) Exercise
of Warrants. Exercise of the purchase rights for Warrant Shares represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any
time or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company (or such other office
or agency of the Company as it may designate by notice in writing to the registered Holder at the address of the Holder appearing on the
books of the Company) of a duly executed Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit A (which may be delivered in a .PDF
format via electronic mail pursuant to the notice provisions set forth in the Purchase Agreement). Within two (2) Trading Days of the
date said Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company (or within three (3) Trading Days of the date said Notice of Exercise is delivered
to the Company if the Notice of Exercise is received after 12 p.m. EST on such day), the Company shall have received payment of the aggregate
Exercise Price of the Warrant Shares thereby purchased by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank, unless
such exercise is made pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below (if available). No ink-original
Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of
Exercise form be required. The Company shall be entitled to conclusively assume the genuineness of any signature on any Notice of Exercise
delivered to the Company pursuant to this Section 2(a), the legal capacity and competency of all natural persons signing any Notice
of Exercise so delivered, the authenticity of any Notice of Exercise so delivered, the conformity to an authentic original of any Notice
of Exercise so delivered as certified, authenticated, conformed, photostatic, facsimile, or electronic and the authenticity of the original
of such Notice of Exercise. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender
this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised
in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the date
the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the
total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable
hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing
the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases, and the Company shall be entitled to conclusively assume that its
records of the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases are accurate, absent actual notice to the contrary. The
Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within two (2) Business Days of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any
assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase
of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less
than the amount stated on the face hereof.

b) Number
of Warrant Common Stock. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Holder shall have the right to purchase from the
Company a number of Warrant Shares equal to (i) fifty percent (50%) of the Commitment Amount, less the Exercise Value of all partial exercises
of this Warrant in accordance with Section 2(a) prior to the Exercise Date, divided by (ii) the Exercise Price on the Exercise Date.

c) Exercise Price. The exercise
price per Warrant Share shall be calculated by dividing $5,000,000 (the Valuation) by the total number of issued and
outstanding shares of Common Stock as of the Exercise Date, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise
Price).

3

d) Cashless
Exercise. If at any time after the six month anniversary of the date of the Purchase Agreement, there is no effective Registration
Statement registering, or no current prospectus available for, the resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder, then this Warrant may also
be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to
receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = the Market Price (at the date of such calculation)

(B) = the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder;
and

(X) = the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise
of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless
exercise.

Assuming (i) the Holder
is not an Affiliate of the Company, and (ii) all of the applicable conditions of Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the Securities Act) with respect to Holder and the Warrant Shares are met in the case of such a cashless
exercise, the Company agrees that the Company will use its best efforts to cause the removal of the legend from such Warrant Shares (including
by delivering an opinion of the Companys counsel to the Companys transfer agent at its own expense to ensure the foregoing),
and the Company agrees that the Holder is under no obligation to sell the Warrant Shares issuable upon the exercise of the Warrant prior
to removing the legend. The Company expressly acknowledges that Rule 144(d)(3)(ii), as currently in effect, provides that Warrant Shares
issued solely upon a cashless exercise shall be deemed to have been acquired at the same time as the Warrant. The Company agrees not to
take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

e) Mechanics of Exercise.

i. Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon
Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Companys transfer agent
(the Transfer Agent) to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees
balance account with The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC)
if the Company is then a participant in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the
issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B) the Warrant Shares are eligible for resale by
the Holder pursuant to Rule 144, and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys share
register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to
such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is two (2) Trading Days after the
later of (A) the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise provided that such Notice of Exercise is received by 12 p.m. EST
and three (3) Trading Days for any Notice of Exercise received after 12 p.m. EST, and (B) the Companys receipt of payment of
the aggregate Exercise Price of the Warrant Shares thereby purchased by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United
States bank, unless such exercise is made pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) (such date,
the Warrant Share Delivery Date). The Warrant Shares shall be deemed to have been issued, and Holder or any
other person so designated to be named therein shall be deemed to have become a holder of record of such shares for all purposes, as
of the date the Warrant has been exercised, with payment to the Company of the Exercise Price (or by cashless exercise, if
permitted) and all taxes required to be paid by the Holder, if any, pursuant to Section 2(d)(vi) prior to the issuance of
such Warrant Shares, having been paid. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a
Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not
as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the
applicable Notice of Exercise), $5 per Trading Day (increasing to $10 per Trading Day on the fifth Trading Day after such liquidated
damages begin to accrue) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or
Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as
this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable.

4

ii. Delivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and
upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing
the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects
be identical with this Warrant.

iii. Rescission
Rights. If the Holder fails to make payment of the aggregate Exercise Price of the Warrant Shares pursuant to a Notice of Exercise
within two (2) Trading Days of the date said Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company (or within three (3) Trading Days of the date
said Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company if the Notice of Exercise is received after 12 p.m. EST on such day) by wire transfer
or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank, then the Company will have the right to rescind such exercise, unless such exercise
is made pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c). If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent
to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will
have the right to rescind such exercise.

iv. Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if
the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section
2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required
by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares
of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such
exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders
total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained
by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise
at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the
Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall
be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely
complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase
price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving
rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay
the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the
Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue
any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or
injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as
required pursuant to the terms hereof.

5

v. No
Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this
Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall,
at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the
Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

vi. Charges,
Taxes, and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other
incidental expense in respect of the issuance of Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such
Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however,
that in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for
exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition
thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all fees charged
by the Transfer Agent, including any fees assessed to the Transfer Agent by Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing
corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and for same-day electronic delivery
of the Warrant Shares.

vii. Closing
of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant,
pursuant to the terms hereof.

f) Holders
Exercise Limitations. To the extent the exercise of any portion of this Warrant requires the Company to receive the approval of the
Companys stockholders pursuant to OTC Markets Group Listing Rules, the Company shall not effect such exercise of this Warrant,
and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any such portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, until such
approval has been received by the Company.

Section 3. Certain Adjustments.

a) Stock
Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes
a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of
Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this
Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse
stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the Common
Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the
numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event
and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of
Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this
Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the
record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately
after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

6

Notwithstanding anything express or implied
in the foregoing provisions of this Section 3(b) to the contrary, (i) no adjustments shall be made, paid or issued under this Section
3(b), and this Section 3(b) shall not become effective or be of any force or effect whatsoever, unless and until the Company
has obtained the Stockholder Approval, and (ii) no adjustments shall be made, paid or issued under this Section 3(b) at any time
(including, without limitation, at any time after the Company has obtained Stockholder Approval) in respect of any Excluded Securities,
and the provisions of this Section 3(b) that are applicable to a Dilutive Issuance after the Company has obtained Stockholder Approval
shall not be applicable to any Excluded Securities.

Until the Company shall have obtained
the Stockholder Approval, the Company shall not make any sale, grant, or other disposition or issuance (or announce any sale, grant or
other disposition or issuance) of (i) any Common Stock or any rights, options, or warrants to purchase or securities convertible into
or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock, or (ii) any rights to reprice any Common Stock or any rights, options, or warrants to
purchase or securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock, if any such sale, grant, or other disposition
or issuance would entitle any Person to acquire shares of Common Stock for a consideration per share less than a price equal to the Exercise
Price in effect immediately prior to such sale, grant, or other disposition or issuance or deemed sale, grant, or other disposition or
issuance; provided, however, that the foregoing provisions of this sentence shall not be applicable to any sale, grant,
or other disposition or issuance (or announcement of any sale, grant or other disposition or issuance) of any Excluded Securities. The
Holder shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any issuance that would contravene the provisions
of the immediately preceding sentence, which remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect damages.

b) Number
of Warrant Shares. Simultaneously with any adjustment to the Exercise Price pursuant to Section 3(a), the number of Warrant
Shares that may be purchased upon exercise of this Warrant shall be increased or decreased proportionately, so that after such adjustment
the aggregate Exercise Price payable hereunder for the adjusted number of Warrant Shares shall be the same as the aggregate Exercise Price
in effect immediately prior to such adjustment (without regard to any limitations on exercise contained herein).

c) Notice.
The Company shall notify the Holder, in writing, no later than the Trading Day following the issuance or deemed issuance of any Common
Stock or Common Stock Equivalents subject to Section 3(b), indicating therein the applicable issuance price, or applicable reset
price, exchange price, conversion price and other pricing terms (such notice, the Dilutive Issuance Notice). For
purposes of clarification, whether or not the Company provides a Dilutive Issuance Notice pursuant to Section 3(b), upon the occurrence
of any Dilutive Issuance, the Holder is entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares based upon the Base Share Price regardless of whether
the Holder accurately refers to the Base Share Price in the Notice of Exercise.

7

d) Fundamental Transaction. If, at
any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any
merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person (excluding a merger effected solely to change the Companys
name), (ii) the Company (and all of its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole), directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license,
assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related
transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another
Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other
securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Common Stock, (iv) the Company,
directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the
Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for
other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a
stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization,
spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires more
than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or 50% or more of the voting power of the common equity of the Company (each a
Fundamental Transaction) then if holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or
property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate
Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary, in the event of a Fundamental Transaction, the Company or any Successor Entity (as defined below) shall, at the
Holders option, exercisable at any time concurrently with, or within 30 days after, the consummation of the Fundamental
Transaction (or, if later, the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction), purchase this Warrant
from the Holder by paying to the Holder an amount of cash equal to the Black Scholes Value (as defined below) of the remaining
unexercised portion of this Warrant on the date of the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction; provided, however, that if the
Fundamental Transaction is not within the Companys control, including not approved by the Companys Board of Directors, Holder
shall only be entitled to receive from the Company or any Successor Entity the same type or form of consideration (and in the same
proportion), at the Black Scholes Value of the unexercised portion of this Warrant, that is being offered and paid to the holders of
Common Stock of the Company in connection with the Fundamental Transaction, whether that consideration be in the form of cash, stock
or any combination thereof, or whether the holders of Common Stock are given the choice to receive from among alternative forms of
consideration in connection with the Fundamental Transaction; provided, further, that if holders of Common Stock of the Company are
not offered or paid any consideration in such Fundamental Transaction, such holders of Common Stock will be deemed to have received
common stock of the Successor Entity (which Entity may be the Company following such Fundamental Transaction) in such Fundamental
Transaction. Black Scholes Value means the value of this Warrant based on the Black Scholes Option Pricing
Model obtained from the OV function on Bloomberg determined as of the day of consummation of the applicable
Fundamental Transaction for pricing purposes and reflecting (A) a risk-free interest rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate
for a period equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction and the
Termination Date, (B) an expected volatility equal to the 100 day volatility obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg (determined
utilizing a 365-day annualization factor) as of the Trading Day immediately following the public announcement of the applicable
Fundamental Transaction, (C) the underlying price per share used in such calculation shall be the greater of (i) the sum of the
price per share being offered in cash, if any, plus the value of any non-cash consideration, if any, being offered in such
Fundamental Transaction and (ii) the highest VWAP during the period beginning on the Trading Day immediately preceding the
announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction (or the consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction, if earlier)
and ending on the Trading Day of the Holders request pursuant to this Section 3(d) and (D) a remaining option time equal to
the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date and (E) a
zero cost of borrow. The payment of the Black Scholes Value will be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds (or such
other consideration) within the later of five (5) Trading Days of the Holders election.

8

e) Holders
Right of Alternative Exercise Price Following Issuance of Certain Options or Convertible Securities. In addition to, and not in limitation
of, the other provisions of this Section 3, excluding any Excluded Securities if after the Closing Date, the Company in any manner
issues or sells or enters into any agreement to issue or sell Options or Convertible Securities that contain terms, such as conversion
rate or price adjustments, that offset, in whole or in part, declines in the market value of the Companys Common Stock occurring
prior to conversion or exchange (other than terms that adjust for share splits, share combinations, share dividends, or other Company-initiated
changes in its capitalizations) (each of the formulations for such adjustments being herein referred to as, the Variable Price,
and any such securities, Variable Price Securities), the Company shall provide written notice thereof via .PDF format
via electronic mail pursuant to the notice provisions of the Purchase Agreement to the Holder on the date of such agreement and the issuance
of such Convertible Securities or Options. From and after the date the Company enters into such agreement or issues any such Variable
Price Securities, the Holder shall have the right, but not the obligation, in its sole discretion, to substitute the Variable Price for
the Exercise Price upon exercise of this Warrant by designating in the Notice of Exercise delivered upon any exercise of this Warrant
that, solely for purposes of such exercise, the Holder is relying on the Variable Price rather than the Exercise Price then in effect.
The Holders election to rely on a Variable Price for a particular exercise of this Warrant shall not obligate the Holder to rely
on a Variable Price for any future exercises of this Warrant.

f) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be.
For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall
be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

g) Notice to Holder.

i. Adjustment
to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly
mail or deliver via electronic mail to the Holder a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment
to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii. Notice to Allow Exercise by
Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common Stock, (B) the
Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall authorize
the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any
class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any
reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company is a party, any sale or transfer of all or
substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other
securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up
of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be mailed to the Holder at its last address as it
shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date
hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend,
distribution, redemption, rights, or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common
Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date
on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close,
and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the
Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or
share exchange; provided that the failure to mail such notice or any defect therein or in the mailing thereof shall not affect the
validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant
constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice
with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the
period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be
expressly set forth herein.

9

Section 4. Transfer of Warrant.

a) Transferability.
Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 4(d) hereof, this Warrant and
all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of
this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially
in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable
upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant
or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument
of assignment and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall
promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this
Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to
the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in
full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without
having a new Warrant issued.

b) New
Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company,
together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or
its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination,
the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance
with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the Initial Exercise Date and shall be identical with this
Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c) Warrant
Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant
Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder
of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other
purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

10

d) Transfer
Restrictions. Subject to any limitations imposed by applicable law, this Warrant may be offered for sale, sold, transferred, or assigned
without the consent of the Company.

e) Representation
by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant and, upon any exercise
hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or
reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, except pursuant
to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act.

Section 5. Miscellaneous.

a) No
Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or other rights as
a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i).

b) Loss,
Theft, Destruction, or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory
to it of the loss, theft, destruction, or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case
of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include
the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make
and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

c) Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted
herein shall not be a Business Day, then, such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

d) Authorized
Shares. The Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued
Common Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights
under this Warrant (the Required Reserve Amount). The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant
shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise
of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant
Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market
upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the
purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such
Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid, and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens,
and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously
with such issue).

11

e) Subsequent
Equity Sales. From the date hereof until the one (1) year anniversary of the Initial Exercise Date, the Company shall be prohibited
from effecting or entering into any agreement to effect any issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of Common Stock or Common
Stock Equivalents (or a combination of units thereof) involving a Variable Rate Transaction without prior written consent from the Holder
(Alumni). Variable Rate Transaction means a transaction in which the Company (i) issues or sells any debt or equity
securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include the right to receive additional shares of Common Stock
either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate or other price that is based upon and/or varies with the trading prices
of or quotations for the shares of Common Stock at any time after the initial issuance of such debt or equity securities, or (B) with
a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or
equity security or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company
or the market for the Common Stock or (ii) enters into, or effects a transaction under, any agreement, including, but not limited to,
an equity line of credit or an at-the-market facility, whereby the Company may issue securities at a future determined
price regardless of whether shares pursuant to such agreement have actually been issued and regardless of whether such agreement is subsequently
canceled; provided, however, that, upon the expiration of the restrictive period set forth in Section 4.12(a), the entry into and/or issuance
of shares of Common Stock in an at-the-market facility with the Placement Agent as sales agent shall not be deemed a Variable
Rate Transaction. Any Purchaser shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance, which
remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect damages.

f) Transfer
Agent Instructions. The Company covenants and agrees that it will, at all times during the period the Warrant is outstanding, maintain
a duly qualified independent Transfer Agent. The Company represents and covenants that, within one (1) day from the Initial Exercise Date,
it will either (i) issue irrevocable instructions to its current Transfer Agent (and each Transfer Agent appointed thereafter) to issue
certificates, registered in the name of the Holder or its nominee, for the Warrant Shares in such amounts as specified from time to time
by the Holder to the Company upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms thereof (the Irrevocable Transfer Agent
Instructions), or (ii) appoint a new Transfer Agent, at which time the Company (a) shall provide a copy of its agreement with
the new Transfer Agent to the Holder, and (b) issue Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions to the new Transfer Agent. Such Irrevocable
Transfer Agent Instructions shall be in a form acceptable to the Holder and shall include a provision to irrevocably reserve the Required
Reserve Amount. The Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions shall be signed by the Companys Transfer Agent as of the date of the
Initial Exercise Date or by the New Transfer Agent, as applicable, and by the Company. The Company warrants that, (i) no instruction other
than the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions referred to in this Section 5(e), and stop transfer instructions to give effect to Section
5(g) (prior to registration of the Warrant Shares under the Securities Act or the date on which the Warrant Shares may be sold pursuant
to Rule 144 without any restriction as to the number of Securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold), will be
given by the Company to its Transfer Agent and that the Warrant Shares shall otherwise be freely transferable on the books and records
of the Company as and to the extent provided in this Warrant and the Purchase Agreement, (ii) it will not direct its Transfer Agent not
to transfer or delay, impair, and/or hinder its Transfer Agent in transferring (or issuing)(electronically or in certificated form) any
certificate for Warrant Shares to be issued to the Holder upon exercise of or otherwise pursuant to this Warrant as and when required
by this Warrant and the Purchase Agreement, and (iii) it will not fail to remove (or direct its Transfer Agent not to remove or impair,
delay, and/or hinder its Transfer Agent from removing) any restrictive legend (or to withdraw any stop transfer instructions in respect
thereof) on any certificate for any Warrant Shares issued to the Holder upon exercise of or otherwise pursuant to this Warrant as and
when required by this Warrant and the Purchase Agreement. Nothing in this Section shall affect in any way the Holders obligations
to comply with all applicable prospectus delivery requirements, if any, upon resale of the Warrant Shares. If a Holder provides the Company,
at the cost of the Holder, with an opinion of counsel in form, substance, and scope customary for opinions in comparable transactions,
to the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Warrant Shares may be made without registration under the Securities Act and such
sale or transfer is effected, the Company shall permit the transfer, and, in the case of the Warrant Shares, promptly instruct its Transfer
Agent to issue one or more certificates, free from restrictive legend, in such name and in such denominations as specified by the Holder.
The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder, by vitiating the
intent and purpose of the transactions contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach
of its obligations under this Section 5(e) may be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Company
of the provisions of this Section, that the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to an injunction restraining
any breach and requiring immediate transfer, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being
required.

12

g) Jurisdiction.
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement, and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance
with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

h) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, will have restrictions
upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

i) Nonwaiver
and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as
a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers, or remedies, notwithstanding the fact that all rights
hereunder terminate on the Termination Date. If the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant,
which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover
any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred
by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

j) Notices.
Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall be delivered in
accordance with the notice provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

k) Limitation
of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase
price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the
Company.

l) Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific
performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred
by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any action for
specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

13

m) Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder.
The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable
by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

n) Amendment.
This Warrant (other than Section 2(e)) may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the
Company and the Holder. No waiver shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by an authorized representative of the waiving
party.

o) Severability.
If any provision of this Warrant is prohibited by law or otherwise determined to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction,
the provision that would otherwise be prohibited, invalid or unenforceable shall be deemed amended to apply to the broadest extent that
it would be valid and enforceable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining
provisions of this Warrant so long as this Warrant as so modified continues to express, without material change, the original intentions
of the parties as to the subject matter hereof and the prohibited nature, invalidity or unenforceability of the provision(s) in question
does not substantially impair the respective expectations or reciprocal obligations of the parties or the practical realization of the
benefits that would otherwise be conferred upon the parties. The parties will endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the prohibited,
invalid or unenforceable provision(s) with a valid provision(s), the effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the prohibited,
invalid or unenforceable provision(s).

p) Headings.
This Warrant shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and the Holder and shall not be construed against any Person as the
drafter hereof. The headings of this Warrant are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation
of, this Warrant. Terms used in this Warrant but defined in the other Transaction Documents shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms
on the Closing Date in such other Transaction Documents unless otherwise consented to in writing by the Holder.

q) Governing
Law. This Warrant shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with, and all questions concerning the construction,
validity, interpretation, and performance of this Warrant shall be governed by, the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without giving
effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdictions) that would
cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of Delaware. The Company hereby irrevocably waives personal
service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action, or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof to the Company
at the address set forth in the Purchase Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process
and notice thereof.

r) Jurisdiction
and Venue. Each party hereby irrevocably submits that any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this
Warrant, shall be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Chancery Court of the State of Delaware and the United States
District Court for the District of Delaware. Each party hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or
proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding
is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. Each party hereby irrevocably
waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy
thereof to such party at the address for such notices to it under the Purchase Agreement and agrees that such service shall
constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way
any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES
NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS WARRANT.
The parties agree that all dispute resolution proceedings in accordance with this Section 5(o) may be conducted in a virtual
setting.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

14

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

FORMATION MINERALS, INC.

By: 

Name: Scott A. Cox

Title: Chief Executive Officer

With a copy to:

Sullivan & Worcester LLP

1251 Avenue of the Americas

New York, New York 10020

Attention: David Danovitch, Esq.

E-mail Address: ddanovitch@sullivanlaw.com

[Signature Page to Warrant]

15

EXHIBIT A

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

TO BE EXECUTED
BY THE REGISTERED HOLDER TO EXERCISE THIS 

WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK

FORMATION MINERALS, INC.

The undersigned holder
hereby exercises the right to purchase __________ of the shares of Common Stock (Warrant Shares) of Formation
Minerals, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), evidenced by Warrant No. [___] (the Warrant).
Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Warrant.

1. Form
of Exercise Price. The Holder intends that payment of the Aggregate Exercise Price shall be made as:

___________ a Cash
Exercise with respect to ___________ Warrant Shares; and/or

___________ a Cashless Exercise
with respect to ___________ Warrant Shares.

2. Payment of Exercise Price.
In the event that the Holder has elected a Cash Exercise with respect to some or all of the Warrant Shares to be issued pursuant hereto,
the Holder shall pay the Aggregate Exercise Price in the sum of $__________ to the Company in accordance with the terms of the
Warrant.

3. Delivery of Warrant Shares.
The Company shall deliver to Holder, or its designee or agent as specified below, ___________Warrant Shares in accordance with
the terms of the Warrant. Delivery shall be made to Holder, or for its benefit, as follows:

Check here if requesting delivery as a certificate to the following
name and to the following address:

Issue to : 

Check here if requesting delivery by Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian as follows: 

DTC Participant: 

DTC Number:

Account Number: 

Date: ___________ _,

Name of Registered Holder

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Tax ID:

Facsimile:

E-mail Address:

EXHIBIT B

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and
supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant
and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: (Please Print)

Address: (Please Print)

Dated:_____________ __, ______ 

Holders Signature: 

Holders Address:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea022813001ex10-1_formation.htm
<DESCRIPTION>COMMON STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF JANUARY 14, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN FORMATION MINERALS, INC. AND THE INVESTOR SIGNATORY THERETO
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

COMMON
STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This
Common Stock Purchase Agreement (this Agreement), dated as of the Execution Date, by and between Formation
Minerals, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), and Alumni Capital LP, a Delaware limited
partnership (the Investor).

RECITALS

WHEREAS,
subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Company wishes to sell to the Investor, and the Investor wishes
to buy from the Company, up to $1,000,000 of shares (the Shares) of common stock, $0.01 par value per share,
of the Company (the Common Stock); and

WHEREAS,
such sales of Common Stock by the Company to the Investor will be made in reliance upon the provisions of Section 4(a)(2) of the
Securities Act and/or Rule 506(b) of Regulation D, and upon such other exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities
Act as may be available with respect to any or all of the issuances and sales of Common Stock by the Company to the Investor to be made
hereunder.

NOW
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Investor hereby agree as follows:

ARTICLE
I

CERTAIN DEFINITIONS

Section
1.1 Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings specified or indicated
(such meanings to be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined):

Affiliate
shall mean, with respect to a Party, any individual, a corporation or any other legal entity, directly or indirectly, controlling, controlled
by or under common control with such Party. For purpose of this definition, the term control, as used with respect
to any corporation or other entity, means (a) direct or indirect ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the securities or other
ownership interests representing the equity voting stock or general partnership or membership interest of such corporation or other entity
or (b) the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of such corporation or other entity, whether through
the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.

Agreement
shall have the meaning specified in the preamble hereof.

Bankruptcy
Law shall mean Title 11, U.S. Code, or any similar federal or state law for the relief of debtors.

Beneficial
Ownership Limitation shall have the meaning specified in Section 8.2(f).

Bloomberg
shall mean Bloomberg, L.P.

Brokerage
Account of Investor shall mean the brokerage account (and related information) provided by the Investor for the delivery
of the shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to this Agreement.

Business
Day shall mean a day on which the Principal Market shall be open for business.

Common
Stock shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

Clearing
Costs shall mean all of the Investors broker and Transfer Agent costs with respect to the deposit of the Purchase
Notice Securities.

Closing
shall mean any one of the closings of a purchase and sale of Purchase Notice Securities pursuant to Section 2.3(c).

Closing
Date shall mean the date on which a Closing occurs, which shall occur no later than five (5) Business Days after delivery
of a Purchase Notice and the corresponding Purchase Notice Securities.

Commitment
Amount shall mean $1,000,000.

Commitment
Period shall mean the period commencing on the Execution Date and ending on the earlier of (i) December 31, 2025, or (ii)
the date on which the Investor shall have purchased Purchase Notice Securities pursuant to this Agreement for an aggregate purchase price
of the Commitment Amount.

Company
shall have the meaning specified in the preamble to this Agreement.

Current
Report has the meaning set forth in Section 6.2.

Custodian
shall mean any receiver, trustee, assignee, liquidator, or similar official under any Bankruptcy Law.

Damages
shall mean any loss, claim, damage, liability, cost, and expense (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees and
disbursements and costs and expenses of expert witnesses and investigation).

Dispute
Submission Deadline shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.16(a).

DRS
shall mean the DTCs Direct Registration System.

DRS
Eligible shall mean that (a) the Shares are eligible at DTC for full services pursuant to DTCs operational arrangements,
including, without limitation, transfer through DTCs DRS system, (b) the Company has been approved (without revocation) by the
DTCs underwriting department, (c) the Transfer Agent is approved as an agent in the DTC/FAST Program, (d) the Purchase Notice
Securities and Warrant Shares are otherwise eligible for delivery via DRS, and (e) the Transfer Agent does not have a policy prohibiting
or limiting delivery of the Purchase Notice Securities and Warrant Shares, as applicable, via DRS.

DRS
Shares shall mean Shares that are (i) issued in electronic form, (ii) freely tradable and transferable and without restriction
on resale, and (iii) timely credited by the Company to the Investors or its designees specified DRS account with DTC under
the DTC/FAST Program, or any similar program hereafter adopted by DTC performing substantially the same function.

DTC
shall mean The Depository Trust Company, or any successor performing substantially the same function for the Company.

DTC/FAST
Program shall mean the DTCs Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program.

DWAC
shall mean Deposit Withdrawal at Custodian as defined by the DTC.

2

DWAC
Eligible shall mean that (a) the Shares are eligible at DTC for full services pursuant to DTCs operational arrangements,
including, without limitation, transfer through DTCs DWAC system, (b) the Company has been approved (without revocation) by the
DTCs underwriting department, (c) the Transfer Agent is approved as an agent in the DTC/FAST Program, (d) the Purchase Notice
Securities and Warrant Shares are otherwise eligible for delivery via DWAC, and (e) the Transfer Agent does not have a policy prohibiting
or limiting delivery of the Purchase Notice Securities and Warrant Shares, as applicable, via DWAC.

DWAC
Shares shall mean Shares that are (i) issued in electronic form, (ii) freely tradable and transferable and without restriction
on resale, and (iii) timely credited by the Company to the Investors or its designees specified DWAC account with DTC under
the DTC/FAST Program, or any similar program hereafter adopted by DTC performing substantially the same function.

Exchange
Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exchange
Cap shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.2(g).

Execution
Date shall mean the date of the last signature of this Agreement, having been signed by the Company and the Investor.

FINRA
shall mean the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.

Future
SEC Documents shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.2(k).

Floor
Price means $0.001, which shall be appropriately adjusted for any reorganization, recapitalization, non-cash dividend,
stock split or other similar transaction and, effective upon the consummation of any such reorganization, recapitalization, non-cash
dividend, stock split or other similar transaction, the Floor Price shall mean the lower of (i) such adjusted
price and (ii) $0.01.

Indemnified
Party shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.4.

Indemnifying
Party shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.4.

Initial
Registration Statement shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.1.

Investor
shall have the meaning specified in the preamble to this Agreement.

Lien
shall mean a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right, or other restriction.

Material
Adverse Effect shall mean any effect on the business, operations, properties, or financial condition of the Company that
is material and adverse to the Company and/or any condition, circumstance, or situation that would prohibit or otherwise materially interfere
with the ability of the Company to enter into and perform its obligations under any Transaction Document.

New
Registration Statement shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.1.

Party
shall mean a party to this Agreement.

Person
shall mean an individual, a corporation, a partnership, an association, a trust or other entity or organization, including a government
or political subdivision or an agency or instrumentality thereof.

3

Principal
Market shall mean any of the national securities exchanges (i.e. NYSE, NYSE American, Nasdaq), or principal quotation
systems (i.e. OTCQX, OTCQB, OTC Pink), or other principal exchange or recognized quotation system which is at the time the principal
trading platform or market for the Common Stock.

Purchase
Notice Amount shall mean the product of the number of Purchase Notice Securities referenced in the Purchase Notice multiplied
by the applicable Purchase Price in accordance with Section 2.1.

Purchase
Notice shall mean a written notice from Company, substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto, to the Investor
setting forth the Purchase Notice Securities which the Company requires the Investor to purchase pursuant to the terms of this Agreement,
not to exceed thirty five million (35,000,000) shares of Common Stock if the VWAP of the Common Stock for the five (5) Business Days
prior to a Purchase Notice is less than $0.01.

Purchase
Notice Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.3(a).

Purchase
Notice Limitation shall mean an amount equal to $250,000, which amount may be waived up to $1,000,000 upon mutual agreement
between the Investor and the Company.

Purchase
Notice Securities shall mean all Common Stock that the Company shall be entitled to issue as set forth in all Purchase
Notices in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

Purchase
Price shall mean the lowest traded price of the Common Stock on the Principal Market during the five (5) Business Days
prior to the Closing Date with respect to a Purchase Notice, as reported by Bloomberg, multiplied by seventy five percent (75%).

Registration
Expenses shall mean all expenses incurred in effecting any registration pursuant to this Agreement, including, without
limitation, all registration, qualification and filing fees (including fees with respect to filings required to be made with FINRA, and
any fees of the securities exchange or automated quotation system on which the Shares are then listed or quoted), printing expenses,
escrow fees, fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company, counsel for the Investor, blue sky fees and expenses (including reasonable
fees and disbursements of counsel for the Investor in connection with blue sky compliance), and any fees and disbursements of accountants
retained by the Company incident to or required by any such registration.

Registration
Statement shall have the meaning specified in Section 7.1.

Registrable
Securities shall mean (i) the Purchase Notice Securities, (ii) the Warrant Shares, and (iii) any other equity security
of the Company issued or issuable with respect to any such Securities by way of a stock dividend or stock split or in connection with
a combination of shares, capitalization, merger, consolidation or reorganization; provided, however, that, as to any particular
Registrable Security, such securities shall cease to be Registrable Securities when: (1) a registration statement with respect to
the sale of such securities shall have become effective under the Securities Act and such securities shall have been sold, transferred,
disposed of, or exchanged in accordance with such registration statement; (2) such securities shall have ceased to be outstanding;
(3) such securities have been sold pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act; or (4) such securities have
been sold to, or through, a broker, dealer or underwriter in a public distribution or other public securities transaction.

4

Regulation
D shall mean Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act.

Rule
144 shall mean Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any similar provision then in force under the Securities Act.

Required
Dispute Documentation shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.16(a).

SEC
shall mean the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

SEC
Documents shall have the meaning specified in Section 4.5.

Securities
shall mean the Purchase Notice Securities, the Warrants and any other securities to be issued to the Investor pursuant to the terms of
this Agreement.

Securities
Act shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Share
Equivalents shall mean any securities of the Company entitling the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock,
including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible
into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Subsidiary
shall mean any Person that the Company wholly owns or controls, or in which the Company, directly or indirectly, owns a majority of the
voting stock or similar voting interest, in each case that would be disclosable pursuant to Item 601(b)(21) of Regulation S-K promulgated
under the Securities Act.

Transaction
Documents shall mean this Agreement, the Warrant and all exhibits hereto and thereto.

Transfer
Agent shall mean the current transfer agent of the Company, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

VWAP
shall mean, for any security as of any date, the dollar volume-weighted average price for such security on the Principal Market (or,
if the Principal Market is not the principal trading market for such security, then on the principal securities exchange or securities
market on which such security is then traded), during the period beginning at 9:30 a.m., New York time, and ending at 4:00 p.m., New
York time, as determined by the Investor or, if the foregoing does not apply, the dollar volume-weighted average price of such security
in any principal quotation system operated by OTC Markets Group Inc. or other principal exchange or recognized quotation system which
is at the time the principal trading platform or market for such security during the period beginning at 9:30 a.m., New York time, and
ending at 4:00 p.m., New York time, as determined by the Investor, or, if no dollar volume-weighted average price is reported, the average
of the highest closing bid price and the lowest closing ask price of any of the market makers for such security as reported in the pink
sheets by OTC Markets Group Inc. If the VWAP cannot be calculated for such security on such date on any of the foregoing bases,
the VWAP of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the Investor. If the
Company and the Investor are unable to agree upon the fair market value of such security, then such dispute shall be resolved in accordance
with the procedures in Section 10.16. All such determinations shall be appropriately adjusted for any share dividend, share split,
share combination, recapitalization, or other similar transaction during such period.

5

ARTICLE
II

PURCHASE AND SALE OF SECURITIES

Section
2.1 Purchase Notices. Subject to the conditions set forth herein, at any time during the Commitment Period, the Company
shall have the right, but not the obligation, to direct the Investor, by its delivery to the Investor of a Purchase Notice from time
to time, to purchase, and the Investor shall have the obligation to purchase from the Company, the number of Purchase Notice Securities
set forth on the Purchase Notice at the Purchase Price, provided that (i) the amount of Purchase Notice Securities shall not exceed
the Purchase Notice Limitation or the Beneficial Ownership Limitation set forth in Section 8.2(f), (ii) the Company may not deliver
a Purchase Notice if the VWAP of the Common Stock during the 5 Business Days immediately preceding the Purchase Notice Date is less than
the Floor Price unless waived upon mutual agreement between Investor and Company, and (iii) the Company may not deliver a subsequent
Purchase Notice until the successful Closing of an active Purchase Notice, except if waived by the Investor in writing.

Section
2.2 Deliveries; Closing.

(a) Purchase
Notice Delivery. In accordance with Section 2.1 and subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section
8.2, the Company shall deliver the Purchase Notice Securities as DWAC Shares or DRS Shares to the Investor pursuant to Section
2.3(b) alongside the delivery of each Purchase Notice by email at the Investors email address set forth in Section 10.17
and by overnight courier at the Investors address set forth in Section 10.17. A Purchase Notice shall be deemed delivered
on (i) the Business Day that both the Purchase Notice Securities are received and the Purchase Notice has been received by email by the
Investor if both conditions are met on or prior to 8:00 a.m. New York time or (ii) the next Business Day if the conditions are met after
8:00 a.m. New York time on a Business Day or at any time on a day which is not a Business Day (the Purchase Notice Date).

(b) Delivery
of Purchase Notice Securities. No later than 8:00 a.m. New York time on the Purchase Notice Date, the Company shall deliver the Purchase
Notice Securities as DWAC Shares or DRS Shares to the Investor. Notwithstanding any other term of this Agreement, in the event that the
Investor is unable to deposit any Purchase Notice Securities or other securities issued pursuant to this Agreement into the Brokerage
Account of investor on the same day of receipt thereof, the related Purchase Notice and securities shall be void ab initio (a Deposit
Failure). The Investor will promptly provide written notice to the Company of the Deposit Failure, and the Company will immediately
take all necessary and required actions under applicable laws to rescind the issuance of such Securities and return any and all funds
received by the Investor in consideration thereof, as it is expressly understood by the parties that unless the Investor is able to successfully
deposit the Securities into the Brokerage Account of Investor the Companys obligation to deliver the Securities on the Purchase
Notice Date has not been satisfied.

(c) 
Closing. The Investor shall pay to the Company the Purchase Notice Amount with respect to the applicable Purchase Notice as full
payment for such Purchase Notice Securities purchased by the Investor under the applicable Purchase Notice via wire transfer of immediately
available funds as set forth below on the Closing Date. The Company shall not issue any fraction of a share of Common Stock pursuant
to any Purchase Notice. If the issuance would result in the issuance of a fraction of a share of Common Stock, the Company shall round
such fraction of a share of Common Stock up or down to the nearest whole Share. All payments made under this Agreement shall be made
in lawful money of the United States of America by wire transfer of immediately available funds to such account as the Company may from
time to time designate by written notice in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. Whenever any amount or issuance of Common
Stock expressed to be due by the terms of this Agreement is due on any day that is not a Business Day, the same shall instead be due
on the next succeeding day that is a Business Day.

6

ARTICLE
III

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF INVESTOR

The
Investor represents and warrants the following to the Company:

Section
3.1 Intent. The Investor is entering into this Agreement and purchasing the Securities for its own account, and not as
nominee or agent, for investment purposes and not with a view towards, or for a sale in connection with, a distribution
(as such term is defined in the Securities Act), and the Investor has no present arrangement (whether or not legally binding) at any
time to sell the Securities to or through any Person in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities laws; provided,
however, that the Investor reserves the right to dispose of the Securities at any time in accordance with federal and state securities
laws applicable to such disposition.

Section
3.2 No Legal Advices From The Company. The Investor acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review this Agreement
and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement with its own legal counsel and investment and tax advisors. The Investor is relying
solely on such counsel and advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company or any of its representatives or agents
for legal, tax, or investment advice with respect to this investment, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the securities
laws of any jurisdiction.

Section
3.3 Accredited Investor. The Investor is an accredited investor (as such term is defined in Rule 501(a)(3)
of Regulation D), and the Investor has such experience in business and financial matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits
and risks of an investment in the Securities. The Investor acknowledges that an investment in the Securities is speculative and involves
a high degree of risk.

Section
3.4 Authority. The Investor has the requisite power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under the Transaction
Documents and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents
and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action and
no further consent or authorization of the Investor is required. The Transaction Documents to which it is a party has been duly executed
by the Investor, and when delivered by the Investor in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation
of the Investor enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar laws relating
to, or affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors rights and remedies or by other equitable principles of general application.

Section
3.5 Not An Affiliate. The Investor is not an officer, director, or affiliate (as that term is defined in
Rule 405 of the Securities Act) of the Company.

Section
3.6 Organization and Standing. The Investor is an entity duly formed, validly existing, and in good standing under the
laws of the State of Delaware with full right and limited partnership or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate
the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

Section
3.7 Absence of Conflicts. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby and compliance with the requirements hereof and thereof, will not (a) violate any law, rule, regulation,
order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree or award binding on the Investor, (b) violate any provision of any indenture, instrument or
agreement to which the Investor is a party or is subject, or by which the Investor or any of its assets is bound, or conflict with or
constitute a material default thereunder, (c) result in the creation or imposition of any lien pursuant to the terms of any such indenture,
instrument or agreement, or constitute a breach of any fiduciary duty owed by the Investor to any third party, or (d) require the approval
of any third-party (that has not been obtained) pursuant to any material contract, instrument, agreement, relationship or legal obligation
to which the Investor is subject or to which any of its assets, operations or management may be subject.

7

Section
3.8 Disclosure; Access to Information. The Investor has had an opportunity to review copies of the SEC Documents filed
on behalf of the Company and has had access to all publicly available information with respect to the Company. The Investor understands
that its investment in the Securities involves a high degree of risk. The Investor is able to bear the economic risk of an investment
in the Securities including a total loss. The Investor has sought such accounting, legal and tax advice as it has considered necessary
to make an informed investment decision with respect to its acquisition of the Securities. The Investor understands that no United States
federal or state agency or any other government or governmental agency has passed on or made any recommendation or endorsement of the
Securities or the fairness or suitability of the investment in the Securities nor have such authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits
of the offering of the Securities.

Section
3.9 Manner of Sale. At no time was the Investor presented with or solicited by or through any leaflet, public promotional
meeting, television advertisement or any other form of general solicitation or advertising.

Section
3.10 No Prior Short Selling. At no time prior to the Execution Date has any of the Investor, its agents, representatives
or affiliates engaged in or effected, in any manner whatsoever, directly or indirectly, any (i) short sale (as such term
is defined in Section 242.200 of Regulation SHO of the Exchange Act) of the Securities or (ii) hedging transaction, which establishes
a net short position with respect to the Securities or any other Companys securities.

ARTICLE
IV

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

Except
as set forth in the SEC Documents, the Company represents and warrants the following to the Investor, as of the Execution Date and as
of the date of each Closing:

Section
4.1 Organization of the Company. The Company is an entity duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the
laws of the State of Nevada, with the requisite power and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business
as currently conducted. The Company is not in violation or default of any of the provisions of its organizational or charter documents.
The Company is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign company in each jurisdiction in which the nature
of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or
in good standing, as the case may be, could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect and no proceeding
has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority
or qualification. The Company has Subsidiaries as disclosed in the SEC Documents.

Section
4.2 Authority. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under
the Transaction Documents. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action and no further consent or authorization of
the Company or its Board of Directors or stockholders is required. The Transaction Documents have been duly executed and delivered by
the Company and constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms,
except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally
the enforcement of, creditors rights and remedies or by other equitable principles of general application.

8

Section
4.3 Capitalization. As of the Execution Date, the Company is authorized to issue 1,850,000,000 of shares of Common Stock,
of which 99,112,508 shares are issued and outstanding. The Company has not issued any securities since its most recently filed periodic
report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options under the Companys stock option plans,
the issuance of securities to employees pursuant to the Companys employee stock purchase plans and pursuant to the conversion
and/or exercise of Share Equivalents outstanding as of the date of the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act. No
Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Except as set forth in the SEC Documents and this Agreement, there are no outstanding options,
warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations
convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire any securities, or contracts,
commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company is or may become bound to issue additional securities or Share Equivalents.
The issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company to issue other securities to any Person (other than the Investor)
and will not result in a right of any holder of Company securities to adjust the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price under
any of such securities. There are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements, or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys
capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Companys stockholders.

Section
4.4 Listing and Maintenance Requirements. The Shares are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, and
the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration
of the Shares under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the SEC is contemplating terminating such registration.
Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents, the Company has not, in the twelve (12) months preceding the date hereof, received notice from
the Principal Market on which the Shares are or have been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the
listing or maintenance requirements of such Principal Market. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents, the Company is and has no reason
to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future continue to be in compliance with all such listing and maintenance requirements.

Section
4.5 SEC Documents; Disclosure. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required
to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) thereof, for the one (1)
year preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing
materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, being collectively referred to herein as the
SEC Documents) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any
such SEC Documents prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates, the SEC Documents complied in all material
respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and other federal laws, rules, and regulations
applicable to such SEC Documents, and none of the SEC Documents when filed contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted
to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents comply as to form and
substance in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC or other
applicable rules and regulations with respect thereto. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (except (a) as may be otherwise indicated in such financial
statements or the notes thereto or (b) in the case of unaudited interim statements, to the extent they may not include footnotes or may
be condensed or summary statements) and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company as of the dates
thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal,
immaterial, year-end audit adjustments). Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by
the Transaction Documents, the Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided the Investor or
its agents or counsel with any information that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information. The Company
understands and confirms that the Investor will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.

9

Section
4.6 Valid Issuances. The Securities are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable
Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid, and non-assessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company
other than restrictions on transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents. Assuming the accuracy of the representations of the Investor
in Article III of this Agreement and subject to the filings described in Section 4.7 of this Agreement, the Securities
will be issued in compliance with all applicable federal and state securities laws.

Section
4.7 No Conflicts. The execution, delivery, and performance of the Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation
by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including, without limitation, the issuance of the Purchase Notice
Securities, the Warrant and Warrant Shares, do not and will not (a) result in a violation of the Companys certificate or articles
of incorporation, by-laws or other organizational or charter documents, (b) conflict with, or constitute a material default (or an event
that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a material default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the
properties or assets of the Company, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement,
indenture, instrument or any lock-up or similar provision of any underwriting or similar agreement to which the Company
is a party, or (c) result in a violation of any federal, state or local law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal
and state securities laws and regulations) applicable to the Company or by which any property or asset of the Company is bound or affected
(except for such conflicts, defaults, terminations, amendments, accelerations, cancellations and violations as would not, individually
or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect) nor is the Company otherwise in violation of, conflict with or in default under
any of the foregoing. The business of the Company is not being conducted in violation of any law, ordinance or regulation of any governmental
entity, except for possible violations that either singly or in the aggregate do not and will not have a Material Adverse Effect. The
Company is not required under federal, state or local law, rule or regulation to obtain any consent, authorization or order of, or make
any filing or registration with, any court or governmental agency in order for it to execute, deliver or perform any of its obligations
under the Transaction Documents (other than (i) any SEC or state securities filings that may be required to be made by the Company in
connection with the execution of this Agreement or the issuance of Securities pursuant hereto, or (ii) the filing of a Listing of Additional
Shares Notification Form with the Principal Market, which, in each case, have been made or will be made in a timely manner); provided
that, for purposes of the representation made in this sentence, the Company is assuming and relying upon the accuracy of the relevant
representations and agreements of the Investor herein.

Section
4.8 No Material Adverse Effect. No event has occurred that would have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company that has
not been disclosed in the SEC Documents.

Section
4.9 Litigation and Other Proceedings. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents, there are no material actions, suits, investigations,
SEC inquiries, FINRA inquiries, or similar proceedings (however any governmental agency may name them) pending or, to the actual knowledge
of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company or its properties, nor has the Company received any written or oral notice
of any such action, suit, proceeding, SEC inquiry, or FINRA inquiry, which would have a Material Adverse Effect. No judgment, order,
writ, injunction or decree or award against the Company has been issued by or, to the actual knowledge of the Company, requested of any
court, arbitrator or governmental agency which would have a Material Adverse Effect. There has not been, and to the actual knowledge
of the Company, there is no pending investigation by the SEC involving the Company or any current officer or director of the Company.

10

Section
4.10 Acknowledgment Regarding Investors Purchase of Securities. Based solely on the Investors representations
and warranties, the Company acknowledges and agrees that the Investor is acting solely in the capacity of an arms length purchaser
with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and that the Investor is not (i) an officer or director
of the Company, or (ii) an affiliate (as defined in Rule 144) of the Company. The Company further acknowledges that the
Investor is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to this Agreement
and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, and any advice given by the Investor or any of its representatives or agents in
connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby is merely incidental to the Investors purchase
of the Purchase Notice Securities. The Company further represents to the Investor that the Companys decision to enter into this
Agreement has been based solely on the independent evaluation by the Company and its representatives.

Section
4.11 No General Solicitation. Neither the Company, nor any Person acting on its behalf, has engaged in any form of general
solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Regulation D under the Securities Act) in connection with the offer or sale
of the Securities.

Section
4.12 No Integrated Offering. None of the Company, its Affiliates, and any Person acting on their behalf has, directly or
indirectly, made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause
this offering of the Securities to be integrated with prior offerings for purposes of any applicable stockholder approval provisions,
including, without limitation, under the rules and regulations of any exchange or automated quotation system on which any of the securities
of the Company are listed or designated, but excluding stockholder consents required to authorize and issue the Securities or waive any
anti-dilution provisions in connection therewith.

Section
4.13 Placement Agent; Other Covered Persons. The Company has engaged Enclave Capital as its placement agent and a fee will
be paid to Enclave at each closing.

Section
4.14 Registration Statement. At the time of the filing of the Registration Statement, New Registration Statement, or any
amendment thereto, the Company shall have no knowledge of any untrue statement (or alleged untrue statement) of a material fact in the
Registration Statement or New Registration Statement, as the case may be, or omission (or alleged omission) of a material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading,
and there shall be no such untrue statement of material fact or omission in any effective registration statement filed or any post-effective
amendment or prospectus which is a part of the foregoing.

Section
4.15 Exemption from Registration. Subject to, and in reliance on, the representations, warranties and covenants made herein
by the Investor, the offer and sale of the Shares and Warrant in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement is exempt
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) and/or Rule 506(b) of Regulation D. No bad
actor disqualifying event described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i)-(viii) promulgated by the SEC under the Securities Act (a Disqualification
Event) is applicable to the Company or, to the Companys knowledge, any Company Covered Person (as defined below),
except for a Disqualification Event as to which Rule 506(d)(2)(iiiv) or (d)(3) is applicable. Company Covered Person
means, with respect to the Company as an issuer for purposes of Rule 506 promulgated by the SEC under the Securities Act,
any person or entity listed in the first paragraph of Rule 506(d)(1).

11

Section
4.16 Manipulation of Price. Neither the Company nor any of its officers, directors or Affiliates has, and, to the knowledge
of the Company, no Person acting on their behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed or intended to cause or
to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company, or which caused or resulted in, or which
would in the future reasonably be expected to cause or result in, the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the
Company, in each case to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Shares, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation
for soliciting purchases of, any of the Shares, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another
to purchase any other securities of the Company. Neither the Company nor any of its officers, directors or Affiliates will during the
term of this Agreement, and, to the knowledge of the Company, no Person acting on their behalf will during the term of this Agreement,
take any of the actions referred to in the immediately preceding sentence

Section
4.17 Dilutive Effect. The Company is aware and acknowledges that issuance of the Shares could cause dilution to existing
stockholders and could significantly increase the outstanding number of shares of Common Stock. The Company further acknowledges that
its obligation to issue the Shares to be purchased by the Investor pursuant to a Purchase is, upon the Companys delivery to the
Investor of a Purchase Notice for a Purchase in accordance with this Agreement, absolute and unconditional following the delivery of
such Purchase Notice to the Investor, regardless of the dilutive effect that such issuance may have on the ownership interests of other
stockholders of the Company

Section
4.18 OFAC. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer,
employee, agent, Affiliate or representative of the Company, is a Person that is, or is owned or controlled by a Person that is (i) the
subject of any sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of Treasurys Office of Foreign Assets Control, the United
Nations Security Council, the European Union, Her Majestys Treasury, or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, Sanctions),
nor (ii) located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of Sanctions (including, without limitation, Crimea,
Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan and Syria). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries will knowingly, directly or indirectly, use
the proceeds from the sale of Shares under this Agreement, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Subsidiary,
joint venture partner or other Person (a) to fund or facilitate any activities or business of or with any Person or in any country or
territory that, at the time of such funding or facilitation, is the subject of Sanctions, or (b) in any other manner that will result
in a violation of Sanctions by any Person (including any Person participating in the offering, whether as underwriter, advisor, investor
or otherwise). For the past five years, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries have knowingly engaged in, or are now knowingly
engaged in, any dealings or transactions with any Person, or in any country or territory, that at the time of the dealing or transaction
is or was the subject of Sanctions.

ARTICLE
V

COVENANTS OF INVESTOR

Section
5.1 Short Sales and Confidentiality. During the period from the Execution Date to the end of the Commitment Period, neither
the Investor, nor any Affiliate of the Investor acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it, shall execute (i) any
short sale (as such term is defined in Section 242.200 of Regulation SHO of the Exchange Act) of the Securities or (ii)
hedging transaction which establishes a net short position with respect to the Securities or any other Companys securities. For
the purposes hereof, and in accordance with Regulation SHO, the sale after delivery of the Purchase Notice of such number of Securities
reasonably expected to be purchased under the Purchase Notice shall not be deemed a short sale. The Investor shall, until such time as
the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents are publicly disclosed by the Company in accordance with the terms of the
Transaction Documents, maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction and the information included in the
Transaction Documents.

12

Section
5.2 Compliance with Law; Trading in Securities. The Investors trading activities with respect to the Securities
shall be in compliance with all applicable state and federal securities laws and regulations and the rules and regulations of the Principal
Market.

ARTICLE
VI

COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY

Section
6.1 Listing of Shares. The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to continue the listing or quotation and
trading of the Securities on the Principal Market (including, without limitation, maintaining sufficient net tangible assets, if required)
and will comply in all respects with the Companys reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Principal
Market.

Section
6.2 Filing of Current Report. The Company agrees that it shall file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction
Documents as exhibits thereto, with the SEC within the time required by the Exchange Act, relating to the execution of the transactions
contemplated by, and describing the material terms and conditions of, the Transaction Documents (the Current Report).
The Company shall permit the Investor to review and comment upon the final pre-filing draft version of the Current Report at least two
(2) Business Days prior to its filing with the SEC, and the Company shall give reasonable consideration to all such comments. The Investor
shall use its reasonable best efforts to comment upon the final pre-filing draft version of the Current Report within one (1) Business
Day from the date the Investor receives it from the Company.

Section
6.3 Issuance of Warrant. In consideration for the Investors execution and delivery of, and performance under, this
Agreement, the Company shall, on the Execution Date, issue and deliver to the Investor a warrant, valid for a term of five (5) years,
entitling the Investor to purchase shares of Common Stock with a value equal to fifty percent (50%) of the Commitment Amount divided
by the Exercise Price (as defined in the Warrant), which is based on a Company valuation of five million dollars ($5,000,000) in the
from attached hereto as Exhibit B (the Warrant). The shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrant
which the Warrant are exercisable for are referred to herein as Warrant Shares.

ARTICLE
VII

REGISTRATION
RIGHTS

Section
7.1 Registration.

(a) 
The Company shall, not later than ten (10) days after the Execution Date, prepare and file with the SEC a registration statement,
on Form S-1, and take all such other actions as are necessary to ensure that there is an effective registration statement containing
a prospectus that remains current covering (and to qualify under required U.S. state securities laws, if any) the resales of all
Registrable Securities by the Investor on a continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 (the Initial Registration Statement).
The Company shall use best efforts to cause the SEC to declare the Initial Registration Statement effective as soon as possible thereafter
but in any event within 90 days after the Execution Date, and to remain effective and the prospectus contained therein current until
the Investor ceases to hold Registrable Securities. The Initial Registration Statement shall provide for any method or combination of
methods of resale of Registrable Securities legally available to, and requested by, the Investor, and shall comply with the relevant
provisions of the Securities Act and Exchange Act.

13

(b) 
Notwithstanding the registration obligations set forth in Section 7.1(a), if the SEC informs the Company that all of the Registrable
Securities cannot, as a result of the application of Rule 415, be registered for resale as a secondary offering on a single registration
statement, the Company agrees to promptly inform the Investor and use its commercially reasonable efforts to file amendments to the Initial
Registration Statement or a new registration statement (a New Registration Statement) as required by the
SEC, covering the maximum number of Registrable Securities permitted to be registered by the SEC, on Form S-1 or such other form available
to register for resale the Registrable Securities as a secondary offering, subject to the provisions of Section 7.1(a); provided, however,
that prior to filing such amendment, the Company shall be obligated to use diligent efforts to advocate with the SEC for the registration
of all of the Registrable Securities in accordance with the Securities Act, the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, publicly-available
written or oral guidance of the SEC staff, and any comments, requirements, or requests of the SEC staff.

(c) If
the Company amends the Initial Registration Statement or files a New Registration Statement, as the case may be, in accordance with Section
7.1(b) above the foregoing, the Company will use its best efforts to file with the SEC, as promptly as possible, one or more registration
statements on Form S-1 or such other form available to register for resale those Registrable Securities that were not registered for
resale on the initial Registration Statement, as amended. The Initial Registration Statement, a New Registration Statement, and any other
registration statements pursuant to which the Company seeks to register for resale any Registrable Securities shall each be referred
to herein as a Registration Statement and collectively as the Registration Statements.

(d) In
no event shall the Company include any securities other than Registrable Securities on any Registration Statement without consulting
the Investor and receiving the written consent of the Investor, prior to filing such Registration Statement with the SEC.

Section
7.2 Expenses of Registration. All Registration Expenses incurred in connection with registration pursuant to this Article
VII shall be borne by the Company.

Section
7.3 Registration Procedures. In the case of each registration of Registrable Securities effected by the Company pursuant
to this Article VII, the Company will keep the Investor advised in writing as to the initiation of each registration and as to
the completion thereof. At its sole expense, the Company will do the following:

(a) 
Prepare each Registration Statement, including all exhibits and financial statements required under the Securities Act to be filed therewith,
and before filing such Registration Statement, any prospectus or any amendments or supplements thereto, furnish to the Investor copies
of all documents prepared to be filed, which documents shall be subject to the review of the Investor and its counsel;

(b) As
soon as reasonably practicable, file with the SEC the Registration Statement relating to the Registrable Securities, including all exhibits
and financial statements required by the SEC to be filed therewith, and use its best efforts to cause such Registration Statement(s)
to become effective under the Securities Act as soon as practicable;

(c) Prepare
and file with the SEC such amendments, post-effective amendments, and supplements to such Registration Statement and the prospectus used
in connection with such Registration Statement as may be requested by the Investor or as may be necessary to keep such Registration Statement
effective and to comply with the provisions of the Securities Act with respect to the disposition of all Registrable Securities covered
by such Registration Statement;

14

(d) Notify
the Investor, and confirm such notice in writing and provide copies of the relevant documents, as soon as reasonably practicable after
notice thereof is received by the Company (i) when the applicable Registration Statement or any amendment thereto has been filed
or becomes effective, and when the applicable prospectus or any amendment or supplement to such prospectus has been filed, (ii) of
any written comments by the SEC or any request by the SEC or any other federal or state governmental authority for amendments or supplements
to such Registration Statement, prospectus or for additional information (whether before or after the effective date of the Registration
Statement), (iii) of the issuance by the SEC of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of such Registration Statement or any
order by the SEC or any other regulatory authority preventing or suspending the use of any preliminary or final prospectus or the initiation
or threatening of any proceedings for such purposes, and (iv) of the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to
the suspension of any Registrable Securities for offering or sale in any jurisdiction or the initiation or threatening of any proceeding
for such purpose;

(e) Furnish
such number of prospectuses, including any preliminary prospectuses, and other documents incident thereto, including any amendment of
or supplement to the prospectus, as the Investor (or its counsel) from time to time may reasonably request;

(f) Register
and qualify the securities covered by such Registration Statement under such other securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions
as shall be reasonably requested by the Investor; provided, that the Company shall not be required in connection therewith or
as a condition thereto to qualify to do business or to file a general consent to service of process in any such states or jurisdictions
where it would not otherwise be required to qualify or when it is not then otherwise subject to service of process;

(g) Notify
each seller of Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement at any time when a prospectus relating thereto is required
to be delivered under the Securities Act of the happening of any event as a result of which the prospectus included in such Registration
Statement, as then in effect, includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading or incomplete in the light of the circumstances under which they were
made, and following such notification promptly prepare and file a post-effective amendment to such Registration Statement or a supplement
to the related prospectus or any document incorporated therein by reference, and file any other required document that would be incorporated
by reference into such Registration Statement and prospectus, so that such Registration Statement does not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading,
and that such prospectus does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and,
in the case of a post-effective amendment to a Registration Statement, use best efforts to cause it to be declared effective as promptly
as is reasonably practicable, and give to the Investor a written notice of such amendment or supplement, and, upon receipt of such notice,
the Investor agrees not to sell any Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement until the Investors receipt
of copies of the supplemented or amended prospectus or until it receives further written notice from the Company that such sales may
re-commence;

(h) 
Use its best efforts to prevent, or obtain the withdrawal of, any order suspending the effectiveness of any Registration Statement (and
promptly notify in writing the Investor covered by such Registration Statement of the withdrawal of any such order); 

(i) 
Provide a transfer agent or warrant agent, as applicable, and registrar for all Registrable Securities registered pursuant to such Registration
Statement and a CUSIP number for all such Registrable Securities, in each case not later than the effective date of such registration;

15

(j) 
If requested, cooperate with the Investor to facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of certificates or establishment of book
entry notations representing Registrable Securities to be sold and not bearing any restrictive legends, including without limitation,
procuring and delivering any opinions of counsel, certificates, or agreements as may be necessary to cause such Registrable Securities
to be so delivered;

(k) Cause
all such Registrable Securities registered hereunder to be listed on each securities exchange or automated quotation system on which
similar securities issued by the Company are then listed;

(l) Promptly
identify to the Investor any underwriter(s) participating in any disposition pursuant to such Registration Statement and any attorney
or accountant or other agent retained by any such underwriter or selected by the Investor, make available for inspection by the Investor
all financial and other records, pertinent corporate documents, and properties of the Company, and cause the Companys officers,
directors, employees, and independent accountants to supply all information reasonably requested by any such seller, underwriter, attorney,
accountant, or agent, in each case, as necessary or advisable to verify the accuracy of the information in such Registration Statement
and to conduct appropriate due diligence in connection therewith;

(m) Reasonably
cooperate, and cause each of its principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, and all other
officers and members of the management to fully cooperate in any offering of Registrable Securities hereunder, which cooperation shall
include, without limitation, assisting with the preparation of any Registration Statement or amendment thereto with respect to such offering
and all other offering materials and related documents, and participation in meetings with underwriters, attorneys, accountants and potential
stockholders;

(n) Otherwise
use its best efforts to comply with all applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and make available to its stockholders an earnings
statement (in a form that satisfies the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act and Rule 158 under the Securities
Act or any successor rule thereto) no later than thirty (30) days after the end of the 12-month period beginning with the first
day of the Companys first full fiscal quarter after the effective date of such Registration Statement, which earnings statement
shall cover said 12-month period, and which requirement will be deemed to be satisfied if the Company timely files complete and
accurate information on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K under the Exchange Act and otherwise complies with Rule 158 under the Securities
Act or any successor rule thereto;

(o) Reasonably
cooperate with the Investor and each underwriter or agent, if any, participating in the disposition of such Registrable Securities and
their respective counsel in connection with any filings required to be made with FINRA, and use its best efforts to make or cause to
be made any filings required to be made by an issuer with FINRA in connection with the filing of any Registration Statement;

(p) If
requested by the Investor, the Company shall as soon as practicable (i) incorporate in a prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment
such information as the Investor reasonably requests to be included therein relating to the sale and distribution of Registrable Securities,
including, without limitation, information with respect to the number of Registrable Securities being offered or sold, the purchase price
being paid therefor and any other terms of the offering of the Registrable Securities to be sold in such offering; (ii) make all required
filings of such prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment after being notified of the matters to be incorporated in such prospectus
supplement or post-effective amendment; and (iii) supplement or make amendments to any Registration Statement if reasonably requested
by the Investor;

16

(q) Take
all reasonable action to ensure that any free writing prospectus (as defined in the Securities Act) utilized in connection
with any registration covered by Article VII complies in all material respects with the Securities Act, is filed in accordance
with the Securities Act to the extent required thereby, is retained in accordance with the Securities Act to the extent required thereby
and, when taken together with the related prospectus, will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; and

(r) Take
all such other reasonable actions as are necessary or advisable in order to expedite or facilitate the disposition of such Registrable
Securities.

Section
7.4 Indemnification.

(a) 
To the extent permitted by law, the Company will indemnify and hold harmless the Investor, and each stockholder, member, limited or general
partner thereof, each stockholder, member, limited or general partner of each such stockholder, member, limited or general partner, each
of their respective Affiliates, officers, directors, stockholders, employees, lawyers, advisors, and agents and each person who controls
(within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act) such persons and each of their respective representatives, and each underwriter,
if any, and each person or entity who controls within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act any underwriter, against all
expenses, claims, judgments, suits, costs, penalties, losses, Damages, and liabilities (or actions, proceedings, or settlements in respect
thereof) arising out of or based on any of the following: (i) any misrepresentation, breach of warranty or nonfulfillment of or failure
to perform any covenant or agreement on the part of the Company contained in this Agreement; (ii) any untrue statement (or alleged
untrue statement) of a material fact contained or incorporated by reference in any prospectus, offering circular or other document (including
any related Registration Statement, notification, or the like) incident to any such registration, qualification or compliance, (iii) any
omission (or alleged omission) to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein
not misleading, or (iv) any violation (or alleged violation) by the Company of the Securities Act, any state securities laws, or
any rule or regulation thereunder applicable to the Company and relating to action or inaction required of the Company in connection
with any offering covered by such registration, qualification or compliance, and the Company will reimburse the Investor, and each stockholder,
member, limited or general partner thereof, each stockholder, member, limited or general partner of each such stockholder, member, limited
or general partner, each of their respective Affiliates, officers, directors, stockholders, employees, lawyers, advisors, and agents
and each person who controls such persons and each of their respective Representatives, and each underwriter, if any, and each person
or entity who controls any underwriter, for any legal and any other expenses reasonably incurred in connection with investigating and
defending or settling any such claim, judgment, suit, penalty, loss, damage, liability or action; provided that the Company will
not be liable in any such case to the extent that any such claim, judgment, suit, penalty loss, damage, liability, or action arises out
of or is based on any untrue statement or omission based upon written information furnished to the Company by the Investor, any of the
Investors Representatives, any person or entity controlling the Investor, such underwriter or any person or entity who controls
any such underwriter, and stated to be specifically for use therein; provided, further, that, the indemnity agreement contained
in this Section 7.4(a) shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any such loss, claim, damage, liability or action
if such settlement is effected without the consent of the Company (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld). This indemnity
shall be in addition to any liability the Company may otherwise have. Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless
of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Investor or any indemnified party and shall survive the transfer of such securities
by the Investor. 

17

(b) 
To the extent permitted by law, the Investor will, if Registrable Securities held by the Investor are included in the securities as to
which such registration, qualification, or compliance is being effected, indemnify and hold harmless the Company, each of its directors,
officers, employees, partners, legal counsel and accountants and each underwriter, if any, of the Companys securities covered
by such a Registration Statement, each person or entity who controls the Company or such underwriter within the meaning of Section 15
of the Securities Act, against all claims, judgments, penalties losses, damages and liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) arising
out of or based on any of the following: (i) any misrepresentation, breach of warranty or nonfulfillment of or failure to perform any
covenant or agreement on the part of the Investor contained in this Agreement; (ii) any untrue statement (or alleged untrue statement)
of a material fact contained or incorporated by reference in any prospectus, offering circular or other document (including any related
Registration Statement, notification, or the like) incident to any such registration, qualification or compliance made in reliance upon
and in conformity with information furnished in writing by or on behalf of the Investor expressly for use in connection with such registration,
(iii) any omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not
misleading, in each case made in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished in writing by or on behalf of the Investor
expressly for use in connection with such registration, or (iv) any violation (or alleged violation) by the Company of the Securities
Act, any state securities laws, or any rule or regulation thereunder applicable to the Investor and relating to action or inaction required
of the Investor in connection with any offering covered by such registration, qualification, or compliance, and will reimburse the Company
and the Investor, directors, officers, partners, legal counsel and accountants, persons, underwriters, or control persons for any legal
or any other expenses reasonably incurred in connection with investigating or defending any such claim, loss, damage, liability or action,
in each case to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement or omission (i) is made in such Registration Statement,
prospectus, offering circular or other document in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company
by the Investor and stated to be specifically for use therein and (ii) has not been corrected in a subsequent writing prior to or
concurrently with the sale of the Registrable Securities to the person asserting the claim; provided, however, that the
obligations of the Investor hereunder shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any such claims, losses, damages or liabilities
(or actions in respect thereof) if such settlement is effected without the consent of the Investor (which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld); and provided that in no event shall any indemnity under this Section 7.4 exceed the aggregate Purchase Price
paid by the Investor under this Agreement, except in the case of gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct by the Investor.

(c) 
Each party entitled to indemnification under this Section 7.4 (the Indemnified Party) shall (i) give
notice to the party required to provide indemnification (the Indemnifying Party) promptly after such Indemnified
Party has actual knowledge of any claim as to which indemnity may be sought (provided, that any delay or failure to so notify
the indemnifying party shall relieve the Indemnifying Party of its obligations hereunder only to the extent, if at all, that it is actually
and materially prejudiced by reason of such delay or failure), and (ii) permit the Indemnifying Party to assume the defense of such
claim or any litigation resulting therefrom; provided that counsel for the Indemnifying Party, who shall conduct the defense of
such claim or any litigation resulting therefrom, shall be approved by the Indemnified Party (whose approval shall not be unreasonably
withheld), and the Indemnified Party may participate in such defense at such partys expense unless (w) the Indemnifying Party
has agreed in writing to pay such fees or expenses, (x) the Indemnifying Party shall have failed to assume the defense of such claim
within a reasonable time after receipt of notice of such claim from the Indemnified Party hereunder and employ counsel reasonably satisfactory
to the Indemnified Party, (y) the Indemnified Party has reasonably concluded (based upon advice of its counsel) that there may be
legal defenses available to it or other indemnified parties that are different from or in addition to those available to the Indemnifying
Party, or (z) in the reasonable judgment of any such person (based upon advice of its counsel) a conflict of interest may exist
between such person and the Indemnifying Party with respect to such claims (in which case, if the person notifies the Indemnifying Party
in writing that such person elects to employ separate counsel at the expense of the Indemnifying Party, the Indemnifying Party shall
not have the right to assume the defense of such claim on behalf of such person). No Indemnifying Party, in the defense of any such claim
or litigation, shall, except with the consent of each Indemnified Party, consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement
that does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such Indemnified Party of a release
from all liability in respect to such claim or litigation. Each Indemnified Party shall furnish such information regarding itself or
the claim in question as an Indemnifying Party may reasonably request in writing and as shall be reasonably required in connection with
defense of such claim and litigation resulting therefrom.

18

(d) 
If the indemnification provided for in this Section 7.4 is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unavailable to
an Indemnified Party with respect to any loss, liability, claim, damage, or expense referred to herein, then the Indemnifying Party,
in lieu of indemnifying such Indemnified Party hereunder, shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party as
a result of such loss, liability, claim, damage, or expense in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the
Indemnifying Party on the one hand and of the Indemnified Party on the other in connection with the statements or omissions that resulted
in such loss, liability, claim, damage, or expense as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the
Indemnifying Party and of the Indemnified Party shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged
untrue statement of a material fact or the omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Indemnifying Party
or by the Indemnified Party and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information, and opportunity to correct or prevent
such statement or omission. The Investor will not be required under this Section 7.4(d) to contribute any amount in excess of
the aggregate Purchase Price paid by the Investor under this Agreement, except in the case of fraud or willful misconduct by the Investor.
No person or entity guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) will be entitled
to contribution from any person or entity who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.

(e) The
obligations of the Company and the Investor under this Section 7.4 shall survive the completion of any offering of Registrable
Securities in a registration under this Section 7.4 and otherwise shall survive the termination of this Agreement until the expiration
of the applicable period of the statute of limitations.

Section
7.5 Information by the Investor. The Investor shall furnish to the Company such information regarding the Investor and
the distribution proposed by the Investor as the Company may reasonably request in writing and as shall be reasonably required in connection
with any registration, qualification, or compliance referred to in this Article VII.

Section
7.6 Rule 144 Reporting. With a view to making available the benefits of certain rules and regulations of the SEC that may
permit the sale of the Registrable Securities to the public without registration, the Company agrees to do the following:

(a) Make
and keep adequate current public information with respect to the Company available in accordance with Rule 144 under the Securities
Act;

(b) 
File with the SEC in a timely manner all reports and other documents required of the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange
Act; and

(c) So
long as the Investor owns any Registrable Securities, furnish to the Investor forthwith upon written request a written statement by the
Company as to its compliance with the reporting requirements of Rule 144 and of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, or that
it qualifies as registrant whose securities may be resold pursuant to Form F-3 (at any time after the Company so qualifies), a copy
of the most recent annual or quarterly report of the Company, and such other reports and documents so filed as the Investor may reasonably
request in availing itself of any rule or regulation of the SEC allowing the Investor to sell any such securities without registration.
The Company further covenants that it shall take such further action as the Investor may reasonably request to enable the Investor to
sell from time to time Securities held by the Investor without registration under the Securities Act within the limitation of the exemptions
provided by Rule 144, including providing any legal opinions.

19

Section
7.7 No Inconsistent Agreements. The Company has not entered, as of the date hereof, nor shall the Company, on or after
the date of this Agreement, enter into any agreement with respect to its securities, that would have the effect of impairing the rights
granted to the Investor or otherwise conflict with the provisions hereof. Unless the Company receives the consent of the Investor, the
Company shall not file any other registration statements (other than registration statements on Form S-4 or Form S-8 or any
successor forms thereto) until all Registrable Securities are registered pursuant to a Registration Statement that is declared effective
by the SEC.

ARTICLE
VIII

CONDITIONS TO DELIVERY OF

PURCHASE NOTICE AND CONDITIONS TO CLOSING

Section
8.1 Conditions Precedent to the Obligation of the Company to Issue and Sell Purchase Notice Securities. The obligation
of the Company hereunder to issue and sell the Purchase Notice Securities to the Investor is subject to the satisfaction of each of the
conditions set forth below:

(a) Accuracy
of the Investors Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Investor shall be true and correct
in all material respects as of the Execution Date and as of the date of each Closing as though made at each such time.

(b) Performance
by the Investor. The Investor shall have performed, satisfied, and complied in all respects with all covenants, agreements and conditions
required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied, or complied with by the Investor at or prior to each Closing.

(c) Principal
Market Regulation. The Company shall have no obligation to issue any Purchase Notice Securities, and the Investor shall have no right
to receive any Purchase Notice Securities, if the issuance of such Purchase Notice Securities would exceed the aggregate number of Securities
which the Company may issue without breaching the Companys obligations under the rules or regulations of the Principal Market.

Section
8.2 Conditions Precedent to the Obligation of the Investor to Purchase the Purchase Notice Securities. The obligation of
the Investor hereunder to purchase the Purchase Notice Securities is subject to the satisfaction of each of the following conditions:

(a) Effective
Registration Statement. The Registration Statement, and any amendment or supplement thereto, shall have been declared effective and
shall remain effective for the resale of the Registrable Securities at all times until the Closing with respect to the subject Purchase
Notice, the Company shall not have received notice that the SEC has issued or intends to issue a stop order with respect to such Registration
Statement or that the SEC otherwise has suspended or withdrawn the effectiveness of such Registration Statement, either temporarily or
permanently, or intends or has threatened to do so, and no other suspension of the use of, or withdrawal of the effectiveness of, such
Registration Statement, the Prospectus, or the Prospectus Supplement shall exist. The Investor shall not have received any notice from
the Company that the Prospectus, Prospectus Supplement, and/or any prospectus supplement or amendment thereto fails to meet the requirements
of Section 5(b) or Section 10 of the Securities Act.

20

(b) Accuracy
of the Companys Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Company shall be true and correct
in all material respects as of the Execution Date and as of the date of each Closing (except for representations and warranties specifically
made as of a particular date).

(c) Performance
by the Company. The Company shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with all covenants, agreements
and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied, or complied with by the Company at or prior to such Closing.

(d) No
Injunction. No statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated
or adopted by any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction that prohibits or directly and materially adversely affects
any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, and no proceeding shall have been commenced that may have the effect
of prohibiting or materially adversely affecting any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(e) No
Suspension of Trading in or Delisting of Shares. The trading of the Securities shall not have been suspended by the SEC or the Principal
Market, or otherwise halted for any reason, and the Securities shall have been approved for listing or quotation on and shall not have
been delisted from or no longer quoted on the Principal Market. In the event of a suspension, delisting, or halting for any reason, of
the trading of the Securities, as contemplated by this Section 8.2(e), the Investor shall have the right to return to the Company
any amount of Purchase Notice Securities associated with such Purchase Notice, and the Commitment Amount with respect to such Purchase
Notice shall be refunded accordingly.

(f) Beneficial
Ownership Limitation. The number of Purchase Notice Securities then to be purchased by the Investor shall not exceed the number of
such shares that, when aggregated with all other Securities then owned by the Investor beneficially owned (as such term is defined under
the Exchange Act) by the Investor, would result in the Investor beneficially owning more than the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as
defined below), as determined in accordance with Section 13 of the Exchange Act. For purposes of this Section 8.2(f), if the amount
of Securities outstanding is greater or lesser on a Closing Date than on the date on which the Purchase Notice associated with such Closing
Date is given, the amount of Securities outstanding on such date of issuance of a Purchase Notice shall govern for purposes of determining
whether the Investor, when aggregating all purchases of Securities made pursuant to this Agreement, would beneficially own more than
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation following a purchase on any such Closing Date. If the Investor claims that compliance with a Purchase
Notice would result in the Investor owning more than the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, upon request of the Company, the Investor will
provide the Company with evidence of the Investors then existing Securities beneficially owned. The Beneficial Ownership
Limitation shall be 4.99% of the number of Securities outstanding immediately prior to the issuance of Securities issuable
pursuant to a Purchase Notice, provided that, the Investor may increase the Beneficial Ownership Limitation up to 9.99% at its sole discretion
upon sixty-one (61) days prior written notice to the Company. To the extent that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation would be exceeded
in connection with a Closing, the number of Securities issuable to the Investor shall be reduced so it does not exceed the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation.

(g) No
Knowledge. The Company shall have no knowledge of any event more likely than not to have the effect of causing the effectiveness
of the Registration Statement to be suspended or the Prospectus or Prospectus Supplement failing to meet the requirement of Sections
5(b) or 10 of the Securities Act (which event is more likely than not to occur within the fifteen (15) Business Days following the Business
Day on which such Purchase Notice is deemed delivered).

(h) No
Violation of Stockholder Approval Requirement. The issuance of the Securities shall not violate the stockholder approval requirements
of the Principal Market.

21

(i) DWAC
Eligible. The Securities must be DWAC Eligible and not subject to a DTC chill.

(j) SEC
Documents. All reports, schedules, registrations, forms, statements, information and other documents required to have been filed
by the Company with the SEC pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act after the Execution Date
(the Future SEC Documents) (1) shall have been filed with the SEC within the applicable time periods prescribed
for such filings under the Exchange Act, and (2) as of their respective dates, such Future SEC Documents complied in all material respects
with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and other federal laws, rules and regulations applicable
to such Future SEC Documents, and none of such Future SEC Documents contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading.

ARTICLE
IX

LEGENDS

Section
9.1 No Restrictive Legend. No restrictive stock legend shall be placed on the share certificates representing the Purchase
Notice Securities.

Section
9.2 Investors Compliance. Nothing in this Article IX shall affect in any way the Investors obligations hereunder
to comply with all applicable securities laws upon the sale of the Securities.

ARTICLE
X

MISCELLANEOUS

Section
10.1 Force Majeure. No Party shall be liable for any failure to fulfill its obligations hereunder due to causes beyond
its reasonable control, including but not limited to acts of God, epidemic or pandemic, natural disaster, labor disturbances, terrorist
attack, riots, or wars, and any action taken, or restrictions or limitations imposed, by government or public authorities.

Section
10.2 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware
without regard to the principles of conflicts of law.

Section
10.3 Assignment. The Transaction Documents shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company and the Investor
and their respective successors. Neither any of the Transaction Documents nor any rights of the Investor or the Company hereunder may
be assigned by either Party to any other Person.

Section
10.4 No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the Company and the Investor and their
respective successors, and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as contemplated
in Section 7.4.

Section
10.5 Termination. This Agreement shall automatically terminate on the earlier of (i) the end of the Commitment Period,
or (ii) the date that, pursuant to or within the meaning of any Bankruptcy Law, the Company commences a voluntary case or any Person
commences a proceeding against the Company, a Custodian is appointed for the Company or for all or substantially all of its property
or the Company makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors.

22

Section
10.6 Entire Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits thereto, contain the entire understanding
of the Company and the Investor with respect to the matters covered herein and therein and supersede all prior agreements and understandings,
oral or written, with respect to such matters.

Section
10.7 Fees and Expenses. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents or any other writing to the contrary,
each Party shall pay the fees and expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred
by such Party incidental to the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Parties agree that the amount of fifteen thousand dollars ($15,000), representing legal fees of the Investor for this
Agreement and the transactions related hereto, shall be deducted from the applicable Purchase Price to be paid by the Investor to the
Company for the Purchase Notice Securities, pursuant to the first Purchase Notice delivered pursuant to this Agreement.

Section
10.8 Clearing Costs. The Company shall pay the Clearing Costs associated with each Closing, and any Transfer Agent fees
(including any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company), stamp taxes and other taxes
and duties levied on the Company in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the Investor.

Section
10.9 Counterparts and Execution. The Transaction Documents may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which may
be executed by less than all of the Parties, all of which together will constitute one instrument, will be deemed to be an original,
and will be enforceable against the Parties. The Transaction Documents may be delivered to the other Party hereto by email of a copy
of the Transaction Documents bearing the signature of the Party so delivering the Transaction Documents. The Parties agree that this
Agreement shall be considered signed when the signature of a Party is delivered by .PDF, DocuSign or other generally accepted electronic
signature. Such .PDF, DocuSign, or other generally accepted electronic signature shall be treated in all respects as having the same
effect as an original signature. The signatories to this Agreement each represent and warrant that they are duly authorized by the Parties
with the power and authority to bind the Parties to the terms and conditions thereof.

Section
10.10 Severability. If any provision of this Agreement becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be
illegal, unenforceable or void, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect without said provision; provided that such severability
shall be ineffective if it materially changes the economic benefit of this Agreement to any Party.

Section
10.11 Further Assurances. Each Party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and
things, and shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other Party may reasonably
request in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby.

Section
10.12 Agreement Not to be Construed Against Drafter. The Parties acknowledge that they have had an adequate opportunity
to review each and every provision contained in this Agreement and to submit the same to legal counsel for review and comment. The Parties
agree with each and every provision contained in this Agreement and agree that the rule of construction that a contract be construed
against the drafter, if any, shall not be applied in the interpretation and construction of this Agreement.

Section
10.13 Titles and Subtitles. The titles and subtitles used in this Agreement are used for the convenience of reference and
are not to be considered in construing or interpreting this Agreement.

Section
10.14 Amendments; Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be amended other than by a written instrument signed by both
Parties hereto and no provision of this Agreement may be waived other than in a written instrument signed by the Party against whom enforcement
of such waiver is sought. No failure or delay in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof,
nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercise thereof or of any other
right, power or privilege.

23

Section
10.15 Publicity. The Company and the Investor shall consult with each other in issuing any press releases or otherwise
making public statements with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby and no Party shall issue any such press release or otherwise
make any such public statement, other than as required by law or for legal compliance, without the prior written consent of the other
Party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, except that no prior consent shall be required if such disclosure
is required by law, in which case the disclosing Party shall provide the other Party with prior notice of such public statement. The
Investor acknowledges that the Transaction Documents may be deemed to be material contracts, as that term is defined by
Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K, and that the Company may therefore be required to file such documents as exhibits to reports or registration
statements filed under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. The Investor further agrees that the status of such documents and materials
as material contracts shall be determined solely by the Company, in consultation with its counsel.

Section
10.16 Dispute Resolution. 

(a)Average Daily Trading Volume, Purchase Notice Limit, or VWAP.

(i) In
the case of a dispute relating to the Average Daily Trading Volume, Purchase Notice Limitation, or VWAP (as the case may be) (including,
without limitation, a dispute relating to the determination of any of the foregoing), the Company or the Investor (as the case may be)
shall submit the dispute to the other Party via facsimile or electronic mail within five (5) Business Days after the Party learned of
the circumstances giving rise to such dispute. If the Investor and the Company are unable to promptly resolve such dispute relating to
such Average Daily Trading Volume, Purchase Notice Limitation, or VWAP (as the case may be), at any time after the second (2nd) Business
Day following such initial notice by the Company or the Investor (as the case may be) of such dispute to the Company or the Investor
(as the case may be), then the Company and the Investor may select an independent, reputable investment bank as mutually agreed upon
to resolve such dispute. If the Parties cannot agree upon such an investment bank within ten (10) Business Days of the date of the initial
notice, the Parties shall submit the dispute to arbitration pursuant to Section 10.16(b).

(ii) The
Investor and the Company shall each deliver to such investment bank (A) a copy of the initial dispute submission so delivered in accordance
with the above and (B) written documentation supporting its position with respect to such dispute, in each case, no later than 5:00 p.m.
(New York time) by the fifth (5th) Business Day immediately following the date on which such investment bank was selected (the Dispute
Submission Deadline) (the documents referred to in the immediately preceding clauses (A) and (B) are collectively referred
to herein as the Required Dispute Documentation) (it being understood and agreed that if either the Investor
or the Company fails to so deliver all of the Required Dispute Documentation by the Dispute Submission Deadline, then the Party who fails
to so submit all of the Required Dispute Documentation shall no longer be entitled to (and hereby waives its right to) deliver or submit
any written documentation or other support to such investment bank with respect to such dispute and such investment bank shall resolve
such dispute based solely on the Required Dispute Documentation that was delivered to such investment bank prior to the Dispute Submission
Deadline). Unless otherwise agreed to in writing by both the Company and the Investor or otherwise requested by such investment bank,
neither the Company nor the Investor shall be entitled to deliver or submit any written documentation or other support to such investment
bank in connection with such dispute (other than the Required Dispute Documentation).

24

(iii) The
Company and the Investor shall cause such investment bank to determine the resolution of such dispute and notify the Company and the
Investor of such resolution no later than ten (10) Business Days immediately following the Dispute Submission Deadline. The fees and
expenses of such investment bank shall be borne by the losing Party, and such investment banks resolution of such dispute shall
be final and binding upon all Parties. The terms of this Agreement, each other applicable Transaction Document, and the Required Dispute
Documentation shall serve as the basis for the selected investment banks resolution of the applicable dispute, such investment
bank shall be entitled (and is hereby expressly authorized) to make all findings, determinations and the like that such investment bank
determines are required to be made by such investment bank in connection with its resolution of such dispute and in resolving such dispute
such investment bank shall apply such findings, determinations and the like to the terms of this Agreement and any other applicable Transaction
Documents.

(iv) Both
the Company and the Investor expressly acknowledge and agree that (i) this Section 10.16(a) constitutes an agreement to arbitrate
between the Company and the Investor (and constitutes an arbitration agreement) under 5701, et seq. of the Delaware Code Title
10 with respect to the dispute described in Section 10.16(a)(i) and that both the Company and the Investor are authorized to apply
for an order to compel arbitration pursuant to Delaware Code Title 10 5703 in order to compel compliance with this Section
10.16(a).

(b) Jurisdiction.
Subject to Section 10.16(a), each party hereby irrevocably submits that any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or relating
to this Agreement or any Transaction Document (including whether any such dispute is arbitrable), shall be submitted to the exclusive
jurisdiction of the Chancery Court of the State of Delaware and the United States District Court for the District of Delaware. Each party
hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to
the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such
suit, action or proceeding is improper. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being
served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof to such party at the address for such notices to it under this
Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained
herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES
ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION HEREWITH
OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. The Company and the Investor agree that all dispute resolution
proceedings in accordance with this Section 10.16 may be conducted in a virtual setting.

Section
10.17 Notices. All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder
shall be in writing and, unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (a) personally served, (b) delivered by reputable air courier service
with charges prepaid for next Business Day delivery, or (c) transmitted by hand delivery, or email as a PDF (with read receipt or a written
confirmation of delivery or receipt), addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such Party shall have specified most recently
by written notice given in accordance herewith. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be
deemed effective upon hand delivery or delivery by email at the address designated below (if delivered on a Business Day during normal
business hours where such notice is to be received), or the first Business Day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a
Business Day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received).

25

The
addresses for such communications shall be:

If
to the Company:

P.O.
Box 67

Jacksboro,
Texas 76458

E-mail
Address: scott@formationminerals.com

If
to the Investor:

Address:
80 SW 8th Street, 20th Floor, Miami FL, 33131

Telephone:
(917) 793-1173

E-mail:
operations@alumnicapital.com

Either
Party hereto may from time to time change its address or email for notices under this clause by giving prior written notice of such changed
address to the other party hereto.

**
Signature Page Follows **

26

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized
as of the Execution Date.

FORMATION MINERALS, INC.

By: /s/ Scott A. Cox

Name: Scott A. Cox

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Date: January 14, 2025

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

Sullivan & Worcester LLP

1251 Avenue of the Americas

New York, New York 10020

Attention: David Danovitch, Esq.

E-mail Address: ddanovitch@sullivanlaw.com

ALUMNI CAPITAL LP

By: ALUMNI CAPITAL GP LLC

By: /s/ Ashkan Mapar

Name: Ashkan Mapar

Title: Manager

Date: January 14, 2025

27

EXHIBIT
A

FORM
OF PURCHASE NOTICE

TO:
ALUMNI CAPITAL LP

We
refer to the Common Stock Purchase Agreement (the Agreement), dated as of January [], 2025, entered into
by and between Formation Minerals, Inc. and you. Capitalized terms defined in the Agreement shall, unless otherwise defined herein, have
the same meaning when used herein.

We
hereby certify that, as of the date hereof, the conditions set forth in Article VIII of the Agreement are satisfied, and we hereby
elect to exercise our right pursuant to the Agreement to require you to purchase ______ Purchase Notice Securities.

The
Company acknowledges and agrees that the amount of Purchase Notice Securities shall not exceed the Purchase Notice Limitation applicable
to such Purchase Notice or the Beneficial Ownership Limitation.

The
Companys wire instructions are as follows:

[Insert
Wire Instructions]

Formation Minerals, Inc. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Date: January [], 2025

28

EXHIBIT
B

FORM
OF WARRANT

See Exhibit 4.1 of the Current Report on Form
8-K filed on January 21, 2025

29
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea022813001ex99-1_formation.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE, DATED JANUARY 21, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Formation Minerals, Inc. Announces
Entry Into $1,000,000 Common Stock Purchase Agreement and Corporate Update

Jacksboro, TX, January
21, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) Formation Minerals, Inc. Formation or the Company) (OTCQB: FOMI), a pure
play oil and gas company based in Jacksboro, Texas, engaged in the acquisition and management of mineral and royalty interests in lower
risk, onshore oil and gas properties within the major oil and gas plays in the United States, today announced that on January 14, 2025,
the Company entered into an Common Stock Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement) with Alumni Capital, LP ("Alumni"),
a private investment and management group providing financial solutions for high-potential small cap companies, to raise up to $1,000,000
(the Commitment Amount), subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain customary conditions.

Under the terms and subject to the conditions
of the Purchase Agreement, the Company has the right, but not the obligation, to sell to Alumni, and Alumni is obligated to purchase up
to a number of shares of the Companys common stock equal to the Commitment Amount. Such sales of common stock by the Company, if
any, will be subject to certain limitations set forth in the Purchase Agreement, and may occur from time to time, at the Companys
sole discretion, commencing on the date of the Purchase Agreement and ending on December 31, 2025 or until such earlier time as the Commitment
Amount has been satisfied; provided that there is an effective registration statement covered the resale of such shares. The purchase
price for such shares will be 75% of the lowest traded price of the common stock on the OTCQB or such other the principal market on which
the common stock is then listed and traded during the five business days prior to a closing date provided, however, that if at any time,
such shares of common stock are listed and traded on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC or another national securities exchange having similar
price restrictions, the purchase price will be 90% of the lowest volume weighted average price during the applicable pricing period. The
Company intends to file a Current Report on Form 8-K with respect to the Purchase Agreement, which will include additional information
regarding the terms of the Purchase Agreement, which will be available on the SECs website.

On January 14, 2025, as consideration for Alumnis
entry into the Purchase Agreement, the Company issued to Alumni a common stock purchase warrant (the Warrant) to purchase
up to a number of shares of common stock with an aggregate value equal to 50% of the Commitment Amount divided by the exercise price of
the Warrant, which is based on a Company valuation of $5,000,000. The exercise price per warrant share will be calculated by dividing
$5,000,000 by the total number of issued and outstanding shares of common stock as of the Exercise Date (as defined in the Warrant). The
Warrant will expire on January 14, 2030.

The Company intends to
use the net proceeds from the sale of any shares of common stock under the Purchase Agreement and upon exercise of the Warrant for general
corporate and working capital purposes and acquisitions of assets, businesses or operations or for other purposes that the board of directors
of the Company, in good faith, deems to be in the best interest of the Company. Alumni was also granted certain customary registration
rights with respect to the resale of the shares of common stock issuable under the Purchase Agreement and upon exercise of the Warrant.

The capital from Alumni is an important
milestone for providing the foundation for growth and development following the Companys merger transaction and uplist to the OTCQB.
We believe Formation has a unique business plan which allows for the opportunistic acquisition of revenue producing assets in the energy
sector. We intend to continue pursuing a true buy low and sell high strategy based upon our secure platform and are very bullish on oil
and gas at this time and look forward to capitalizing on the opportunities we see currently, said Scott Cox, Chief Executive Officer
of Formation. Our proactive approach allows us to optimize our portfolio and invest in high-potential properties. Formation remains
dedicated to continuously refining our asset mix, maximizing returns, and creating sustainable value for our shareholders, Mr.
Cox continued.

The Warrant was, and the shares of common stock
issuable pursuant to the Purchase Agreement and upon exercise of the Warrant will be, issued and sold in reliance upon the exemption from
registration afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), Rule 506 of Regulation
D promulgated by the SEC under the Securities Act, and/or upon such other exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities
Act as may be available with respect to any or all of the investments in common stock to be made pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. This
press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any shares of common stock in any state or jurisdiction
in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any
such state or other jurisdiction.

In addition to obtaining this access to financing, the Company is excited
to provide the following corporate updates:

Strategic Accounting Partnerships: The Company has entered into new strategic
accounting partnerships which we expect will streamline our accounting process as well as result in significant cost-savings over prior
accounting spend. We are working diligently to work with the new accounting team to complete the review of our financial statements for
three and six months ended October 31, 2024 to enable us to file the associated Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as soon as practicable.

Mineral Acquisitions: The Company continues to work on identifying and creating
a pipeline of opportunistic and synergistic acquisitions which management believes will add significant value to the Companys balance
sheet and monthly revenue. Currently the Company is very bullish on natural gas and believes there to be a tremendous growth opportunity
within the sector in the upcoming year.

About Formation Minerals, Inc.

Formation is an oil and gas company
based in Jacksboro, Texas, focused on acquiring and managing high-growth oil and gas minerals and royalties in the premier U.S. basins.
The Company currently owns producing mineral, royalty, and overriding royalty interests in the DJ Basin of Colorado and Wyoming, the Haynesville
Shale of Louisiana, the Delaware and Permian Basin of Texas, the Marcellus and Utica shales in West Virginia, and the Anadarko Basin in
Oklahoma. The Company is focused on providing strong stockholder returns through asset growth generated by our acquisitions and organic
growth of the Companys properties.

Forward-Looking Statements

Statements in this press release that
are not strictly historical are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These statements involve a high degree of risk and uncertainty,
are predictions only, and actual events or results may differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements. Words
such as believe, project, expect, anticipate, estimate, intend,
strategy, future, opportunity, plan, may, should,
will, would, will be, will continue, will likely result, and similar
expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are predictions, projections and other
statements about future events that are based on current expectations and assumptions and, as a result, are subject to significant risks
and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from the expected results. Factors that could cause or contribute
to differences include the Companys ability to sell any shares under the Purchase Agreement, the timing of filing a registration
statement with respect to the resale of such shares, the Companys ability to file its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter
ended October 31, 2024 and timely file its subsequent periodic reports, the Companys ability to identify, create a pipeline of,
and complete opportunistic and synergistic acquisitions and the resulting impact on the Companys balance sheet and monthly revenue,
the Companys ability to maintain the listing of its common stock on the OTCQB, the risk that the Company is not able to maintain
and enhance its brand and reputation in its marketplace, adversely affecting Formations business, financial condition and results
of operations, the risk that periods of rapid growth and expansion could place a significant strain on Formations resources, including
its employee base, which could negatively impact Formations operating results, changes in relationships with third parties and
other factors described in the Companys most recent periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. These filings identify and address
other important risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events and results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking
statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made. Readers are cautioned not to put undue reliance on forward-looking
statements, and Formation assumes no obligation to, and does not intend to, update or revise these forward-looking statements, whether
as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by law. Formation does not give any assurance that Formation
will achieve its expectations.

Contact:

Kirin Smith, President

PCG Advisory, Inc.

ksmith@pcgadvisory.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>fomi-20250114.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>fomi-20250114_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>fomi-20250114_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 14, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 14, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41209

Entity Registrant Name FORMATION MINERALS, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001885336

Entity Tax Identification Number 87-2406468

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One P.O. Box 67

Entity Address, City or Town Jacksboro

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 76458

City Area Code 972

Local Phone Number 217-4080

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
20 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://formationminerals.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0228130-8k_formation.htm 
fomi-20250114.xsd 
fomi-20250114_lab.xml 
fomi-20250114_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-005007-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>ea0228130-8k_formation_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001885336 

2025-01-14 
2025-01-14 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001885336 
8-K 
2025-01-14 
FORMATION MINERALS, INC. 
NV 
001-41209 
87-2406468 
P.O. Box 67 
Jacksboro 
TX 
76458 
972 
217-4080 
false 
false 
false 
false 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>