<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-004879.txt : 20250121
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-004879.hdr.sgml : 20250121
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250121160153
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-004879
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250116
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250121
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250121

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MICRON TECHNOLOGY INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000723125
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEMICONDUCTORS & RELATED DEVICES [3674]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				751618004
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0828

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-10658
		FILM NUMBER:		25542482

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8000 S FEDERAL WAY
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 6
		CITY:			BOISE
		STATE:			ID
		ZIP:			83716-9632
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2083684000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8000 S FEDERAL WAY
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 6
		CITY:			BOISE
		STATE:			ID
		ZIP:			83716-9632
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm253757d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000072312500007231252025-01-162025-01-16iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

January 16, 2025

Date of Report (date of earliest event reported)

Micron
Technology, Inc.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 1-10658 75-1618004

(State or
other jurisdiction of

incorporation) (Commission
File 

Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

8000
South Federal Way

Boise,
Idaho83716-9632

(Address
of principal executive offices and Zip Code) 

(208)
368-4000

(Registrants
telephone number, including area code) 

Check the appropriate
box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following
provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading symbol Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock, par value $0.10 per share MU Nasdaq
Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule
12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth
company 

If an emerging
growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any
new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On January 17, 2025 (the Closing
Date), Micron Technology, Inc. (the Company), entered into a Term Loan Credit Agreement, by and among the
Company, PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, PNC Capital Markets LLC, as Sole Bookrunner and a Joint Lead
Arranger, BNP Paribas Securities Corp., Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, New York Branch, DBS Bank Ltd., Manufacturers and
Traders Trust Company, and Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited, New York Agency, as Co-Syndication Agents and Joint Lead
Arrangers, Truist Bank, as a Co-Syndication Agent, and Truist Securities, Inc., as a Joint Lead Arranger, and certain financial
institutions as lenders (the Term Loan Agreement).

The Term Loan Agreement provides a committed term
loan facility (the Term Loan Facility) consisting of one tranche of term loans. On the Closing Date, the Company borrowed
$1.6835 billion in aggregate principal amount (the Term Loan). The Company will use the proceeds of such Term Loan to repay
a portion of the outstanding principal balance under the Term Loan Credit Agreement dated as of November 3, 2022, as previously amended,
by and among the Company, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Mizuho Bank, Ltd.,
and Truist Securities, Inc. as Joint Bookrunners and Joint Lead Arrangers and certain financial institutions as lenders. The Term
Loan Agreement also provides that, under certain circumstances, the Company may add one or more incremental commitments in an aggregate
principal amount not to exceed $750.0 million, and which may consist of additional Term Loan commitments.

The Term Loan does not amortize and is scheduled
to mature on January 17, 2029 (the Term Loan Facility Maturity Date). The Company must repay the outstanding principal
amount of the Term Loan, together with all accrued but unpaid interest, fees and other obligations owing thereon, on the Term Loan Facility
Maturity Date.

Borrowings under the Term Loan Facility will bear
interest, at the Companys option, at adjusted term SOFR or at a base rate, plus in either case an applicable interest
rate margin depending on the Companys corporate ratings. The additional interest rate margin for borrowings ranges from 0.875%
to 1.50% per annum in the case of adjusted term SOFR borrowings and 0.00% to 0.50% in the case of base rate borrowings. The adjusted term
SOFR is defined as the term SOFR reference rate for the selected interest period (subject to a 0.00% floor).

The Company is also required to pay other customary
fees and costs in connection with the Term Loan Facility.

The Term Loan Agreement requires the Company to
maintain, on a consolidated basis, a net leverage ratio of total net indebtedness to EBITDA, as defined in the Term Loan Agreement and
calculated as of the last day of each fiscal quarter, not to exceed 3.25 to 1.00, subject to a temporary four fiscal quarter increase
in such maximum ratio to 3.75 to 1.00 following certain material acquisitions.

The Companys obligations under the Term
Loan Agreement are unsecured. Additionally, as of the date of the filing of this Current Report, no subsidiaries of the Company are guarantors
under the Term Loan Agreement.

The Term Loan Agreement contains representations
and warranties, affirmative covenants and conditions precedent to borrowing usual and customary for credit agreements of this type. The
Term Loan Agreement contains negative covenants that restrict, subject to certain exceptions, the ability of the Company and its restricted
subsidiaries to:

in the case of the Company, consolidate with or merge with or into, or sell,
assign, convey, transfer, lease, or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of the properties, rights and assets of the Company
and its restricted subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to another person;

incur, guarantee, or otherwise become liable for any indebtedness secured
by a lien;

in the case of non-guarantor restricted subsidiaries, incur, guarantee, or
otherwise become liable for any unsecured indebtedness; and

enter into sale and lease-back transactions.

The Company and its restricted subsidiaries are
permitted to incur, guarantee or otherwise become liable for indebtedness, and to enter into sale and lease-back transactions, that would
otherwise be prohibited under the negative covenants, in an aggregate amount equal to the greater of (x) $5.6 billion and (y) 15%
of consolidated net tangible assets of the Company.

The Term Loan Agreement does not contain any covenant
restricting the payment of dividends or the making of other restricted payments by the Company.

The following events are considered events of
default under the Term Loan Agreement:

the Companys failure to pay principal of the Term Loan when due;

the Companys failure to pay (a) any interest or scheduled fees
under the Term Loan Agreement for 5 business days after the date when due and (b) any other obligation under the Term Loan Agreement
for 10 business days after the date when due;

the Companys failure to comply with the net leverage ratio described
above;

the failure by the Company or any of its restricted subsidiaries to comply
with any other agreement under the Term Loan Agreement for a period of 30 days after notice of breach;

default under any indebtedness of the Company or a guarantor subsidiary that
(a) either results from (i) failure to pay any principal of such indebtedness at its stated final maturity or (ii) a default
with respect to another obligation under such indebtedness and such other default results in such indebtedness becoming due and payable
before its stated maturity without such indebtedness having been discharged, cured, waived, rescinded, or annulled within 30 days and
(b) the principal amount of which aggregates $100 million or more;

certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency, or reorganization with respect
to the Company or any of its significant subsidiaries;

an ERISA event has occurred that would reasonably be expected to result in
a material adverse effect; and

any change of control of the Company.

If an event of default described above with respect
to certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization with respect to the Company occurs and is continuing, then the principal
amount plus interest, fees and other obligations then outstanding under the Term Loan Agreement will automatically become due and immediately
payable. If any other event of default occurs and is continuing, then the administrative agent under the Term Loan Agreement may accelerate
the principal amount plus interest, fees, and other obligations then outstanding under the Term Loan Agreement to become due and immediately
payable.

The lenders under the Term Loan Agreement and their
affiliates have engaged in, and may in the future engage in, other commercial dealings in the ordinary course of business with the Company
or its affiliates, including the provision of investment banking, investment management, commercial banking and cash management services,
foreign exchange and commodity hedging, and equipment financing and leasing services.

Item 1.02. Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement.

On the Closing Date, the Company terminated the
Term Loan Credit Agreement dated as of November 3, 2022 (as previously amended, the Existing Credit Agreement), by
and among the Company, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Mizuho Bank, Ltd.,
and Truist Securities, Inc. as Joint Bookrunners and Joint Lead Arrangers and certain financial institutions as lenders. The $1.9335
billion outstanding principal amount of the term loans under the Existing Credit Agreement was repaid with proceeds of the Term Loan and
cash of the Company. The description of the Existing Credit Agreement contained in Item 1.01 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") by the Company on November 3, 2022 and Item 1.01 of the Current
Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC by the Company on and January 5, 2023 are incorporated herein by reference. The Company
incurred no material early termination penalties in connection with the termination of the Existing Credit Agreement.

Item 2.03. Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The information set forth under Item 1.01 of this
Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain
Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

At the Fiscal 2024 Annual
Meeting of Stockholders (the Annual Meeting) of the Company held on January 16, 2025, the Companys stockholders
voted to approve a new equity incentive plan, the 2025 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2025 Plan). As described in the proxy
materials for the Annual Meeting, the 2025 Plan will replace the Companys Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan (the
2007 Plan) and the Company will cease granting awards under the 2007 Plan and under its Nonstatutory Stock Option Plan.
An aggregate of 48,575,795 shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.10 per share, has been reserved for issuance under
the 2025 Plan. A description of the 2025 Plan is included in the Company's proxy statement for the Annual Meeting as filed with the SEC
on November 29, 2024.

A copy of the 2025 Plan is
filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Item 5.07. Submission of Matters to a Vote
of Security Holders.

At the Annual Meeting held
on January 16, 2025, the following proposals were submitted to a vote of the Companys stockholders:

Proposal 1

Each of the following nominees
for Director were elected to serve on the Board. Each person elected as a Director will serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders
or until such persons successor is elected and qualified.

FOR AGAINST ABSTAIN 

BROKER

NON-VOTE

Richard M. Beyer 742,662,244 48,809,436 1,057,500 119,266,093

Lynn A. Dugle 781,080,320 10,394,969 1,053,891 119,266,093

Steven J. Gomo 775,377,442 16,087,070 1,064,668 119,266,093

Linnie M. Haynesworth 783,308,477 8,172,513 1,048,190 119,266,093

Mary Pat McCarthy 778,622,955 12,847,768 1,058,457 119,266,093

Sanjay Mehrotra 743,037,299 48,488,126 1,003,755 119,266,093

Robert Swan 787,674,987 3,693,358 1,160,835 119,266,093

MaryAnn Wright 760,783,010 30,794,388 951,782 119,266,093

Proposal 2

The proposal by the Company to approve, on
a non-binding advisory basis, the compensation of its Named Executive Officers was approved with 665,885,885 votes for, 124,469,948 votes
against, 2,173,347 abstentions, and 119,266,093 broker non-votes.

Proposal 3

The proposal by the Company to approve the
2025 Equity Incentive Plan was approved with 745,902,803 votes for, 45,387,251 votes against, 1,239,126 abstentions, and 119,266,093 broker
non-votes.

Proposal 4

The ratification of the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers
LLP as the Companys Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for the fiscal year ending August 28, 2025 was approved
with 861,292,131 votes for, 48,692,619 votes against, 1,810,523 abstentions, and no broker non-votes.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit

No. Description

10.1 Micron Technology, Inc. 2025 Equity Incentive Plan

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

MICRON TECHNOLOGY, INC.

Date: January 21, 2025 By: 

/s/ Michael Ray 

Name: Michael Ray

Title: Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm253757d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

MICRON TECHNOLOGY, INC.

2025 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

1. Purposes of the Plan. The purposes of this Plan are:

to attract and retain the best available personnel for positions of substantial responsibility,

to provide additional incentive to Employees, Directors and Consultants, and

to promote the success of the Companys business.

The Plan permits the grant of Incentive
Stock Options, Nonstatutory Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Other Stock-Based Awards
and Performance Awards.

2. Definitions. As used herein, the following definitions will apply:

2.1. Administrator means the Board or any of its Committees as will be administering the
Plan, in accordance with Section 4 of the Plan.

2.2. Affiliate means any Subsidiary or Parent of the Company, or an entity that directly
or through one or more intermediaries controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, the Company, as determined by the Administrator.
The Administrator will consider Section 409A and the rules for Incentive Stock Options, to the extent applicable, when granting
and administering Awards to Service Providers of Affiliates that are not the Company or a Subsidiary or Parent of the Company.

2.3. Applicable Laws means the legal and regulatory requirements relating to the administration
of equity-based awards, including but not limited to the related issuance of shares of Common Stock, including but not limited to, under
U.S. federal and state corporate laws, U.S. federal and state securities laws, the Code, any stock exchange or quotation system on which
the Common Stock is listed or quoted and the applicable laws of any non-U.S. country or jurisdiction where Awards are, or will be, granted
under the Plan.

2.4. Award means, individually or collectively, a grant under the Plan of Options, Stock
Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Other Stock-Based Awards or Performance Awards.

2.5. Award Agreement means the written or electronic agreement setting forth the terms
and conditions applicable to each Award granted under the Plan. The Award Agreement is subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan.

1

2.6. Board means the Board of Directors of the Company.

2.7. Cause as a reason for a Participants termination of employment shall have
the meaning assigned such term in the employment, consulting, severance or similar agreement, if any, between such Participant and the
Company or an Affiliate; provided, however, that if there is no such employment, consulting, severance or similar agreement in which such
term is defined, and unless otherwise defined in the applicable Award Agreement, Cause shall mean any of the following acts
by the Participant, as determined by the Administrator: (a) the commission by the Participant of, or the Participants pleading
guilty or nolo contendere to, a felony or a crime involving moral turpitude (including pleading guilty or nolo contendere to a felony
or lesser charge which results from plea bargaining), whether or not such felony, crime or lesser offense is connected with the business
of the Company or any of its Affiliates; (b) the Participants engaging in any other act of dishonesty, fraud, intentional
misrepresentation, moral turpitude, illegality or harassment, whether or not such act was committed in connection with the business of
the Company or any of its Affiliates; (c) the willful and repeated failure by the Participant to follow the lawful directives of
the Board or the Participants supervisor; (d) any material violation of the Companys written policies; (e) any
intentional misconduct by the Participant in connection with the Company and any of its Affiliates business or relating to the
Participants duties, or any willful violation of any laws, rules or regulations; or (f) the Participants material
breach of any employment, severance, non-competition, non-solicitation, confidential information, or restrictive covenant agreement, or
similar agreement, with the Company or an Affiliate. The determination of the Administrator as to the existence of Cause
shall be conclusive on the Participant and the Company.

2.8. Change in Control means the occurrence of any of the following events:

(a) individuals
who, on the Effective Date, constitute the Board (the Incumbent Directors) cease for any reason to constitute at
least a majority of such Board, provided that any person becoming a director after the Effective Date and whose election or nomination
for election was approved by a vote of at least a majority of the Incumbent Directors then on the Board shall be an Incumbent Director;
or

(b) any
person is or becomes a beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly,
of either (A) more than 50% of the then-outstanding shares of common stock of the Company (Company Common Shares)
or (B) securities of the Company representing more than 50% of the combined voting power of the Companys then outstanding
securities eligible to vote for the election of directors (the Company Voting Securities); provided, however,
that for purposes of this subsection (b), the following acquisitions shall not constitute a Change in Control: (i) an acquisition
directly from the Company, (ii) an acquisition by the Company or a Subsidiary, (iii)an acquisition by any employee benefit
plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or any Subsidiary, or (iv) an acquisition pursuant to a Non-Qualifying
Transaction (as defined in subsection (c) below); or

2

(c) the
consummation of a reorganization, merger, consolidation, statutory share exchange or similar form of corporate transaction involving the
Company or a Subsidiary (a Reorganization), or the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Companys
assets (a Sale) or the acquisition of assets or stock of another corporation (an Acquisition),
unless immediately following such Reorganization, Sale or Acquisition: (i) all or substantially all of the individuals and entities
who were the beneficial owners, respectively, of the outstanding Company Common Shares and outstanding Company Voting Securities immediately
prior to such Reorganization, Sale or Acquisition beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 50% of, respectively, the then outstanding
shares of common stock and the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in the election
of directors, as the case may be, of the corporation resulting from such Reorganization, Sale or Acquisition (including, without limitation,
a corporation which as a result of such transaction owns the Company or all or substantially all of the Companys assets or stock
either directly or through one or more subsidiaries, the Surviving Corporation) in substantially the same proportions
as their ownership, immediately prior to such Reorganization, Sale or Acquisition, of the outstanding Company Common Shares and the outstanding
Company Voting Securities, as the case may be, and (ii) no person (other than (A) the Company or any Subsidiary, (B)the
Surviving Corporation or its ultimate parent corporation, or (C) any employee benefit plan or related trust) sponsored or maintained
by any of the foregoing is the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the total common stock or more than 50% of
the total voting power of the outstanding voting securities eligible to elect directors of the Surviving Corporation, and (iii) at
least a majority of the members of the board of directors of the Surviving Corporation were Incumbent Directors at the time of the Boards
approval of the execution of the initial agreement providing for such Reorganization, Sale or Acquisition (any Reorganization, Sale or
Acquisition which satisfies all of the criteria specified in (i), (ii) and (iii) above shall be deemed to be a Non-Qualifying
Transaction); or

(d) approval
by the stockholders of the Company of a complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, a transaction
will not be deemed a Change in Control unless the transaction qualifies as a change in control event within the meaning of Section 409A.

Further and for purposes of clarity, a
transaction will not constitute a Change in Control if: (x) its primary purpose is to change the jurisdiction of the Companys
incorporation, or (y) its primary purpose is to create a holding company that will be owned in substantially the same proportions
by the persons who held the Companys securities immediately before such transaction.

3

2.9. Code means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Reference to a specific
section of the Code or regulation thereunder will include such section or regulation, any valid regulation or other formal guidance of
general or direct applicability promulgated under such section, and any comparable provision of any future legislation or regulation amending,
supplementing or superseding such section or regulation.

2.10. Committee means a committee of Directors or of other individuals satisfying Applicable
Laws appointed by the Board, or by a duly authorized committee of the Board, in accordance with Section 4 of the Plan.

2.11. Common Stock means the common stock of the Company.

2.12. Company means Micron Technology, Inc., a Delaware corporation.

2.13. Consultant means any natural person, including an advisor, engaged by the Company
or any of its Affiliates to render bona fide services to such entity, provided the services (a) are not in connection with the offer
or sale of securities in a capital-raising transaction, and (b) do not directly promote or maintain a market for the Companys
securities, in each case, within the meaning of Form S-8 promulgated under the Securities Act, and provided further, that a Consultant
will include only those persons to whom the issuance of Shares may be registered under Form S-8 promulgated under the Securities
Act.

2.14. Director means a member of the Board.

2.15. Disability or Disabled means, with respect to a Participant,
the applicable authorized party under the long-term disability plan (the LTD Plan) maintained by the Participants
employer (either the Company or an Affiliate) has provided written notification that the Participant qualifies for disability benefits
under the LTD Plan (a Disability Notice). If the Participant is not eligible for disability benefits under any applicable
LTD Plan, then the Participant shall not qualify as Disabled under this Plan.

2.16. Dividend Equivalent means a right granted with respect to an Award, as provided in
Section 25 of the Plan.

2.17. Effective Date means October 10, 2024.

2.18. Employee means any person, including Officers and Directors, employed by the Company
or any Affiliate. Neither service as a Director nor payment of a directors fee by the Company or any Affiliate will be sufficient
to constitute employment by the Company.

2.19. Exchange Act means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including
the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

2.20. Exchange Program means a program under which (a) outstanding Awards are surrendered
or cancelled in exchange for awards of the same type (which may have higher or lower exercise prices and different terms), awards of a
different type, and/or cash, (b) Participants would have the opportunity to transfer any outstanding Awards to a financial institution
or other person or entity selected by the Administrator, and/or (c) the exercise price of an outstanding Award is reduced. An Exchange
Program may be implemented under the Plan only following stockholder approval of a Plan amendment authorizing the Exchange Program, which
approval satisfies Applicable Laws (for example, but not limited to, approval by the holders of a majority of the Shares represented in
person or by proxy at a meeting of the stockholders of the Company at which a quorum is present). Subject to the preceding requirement
of stockholder approval, the Administrator will determine the terms and conditions of any Exchange Program in its sole discretion.

4

2.21. Fair Market Value means, as of any date and unless the Administrator determines otherwise,
the value of a Share determined as follows: the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

(a) If the Common Stock is listed on any established stock exchange or a national market system, including
without limitation the New York Stock Exchange or the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, or the Nasdaq Capital Market
of The Nasdaq Stock Market, its Fair Market Value will be the closing sales price for such stock on the last Trading Day before the date
of determination as quoted on such exchange or system on the date of determination, as reported by Bloomberg or such other source as the
Administrator deems reliable;

(b) If the Common Stock is regularly quoted by a recognized securities dealer but selling prices are not reported,
the Fair Market Value will be the mean between the high bid and low asked prices for the Common Stock on the day of determination (or,
if no bids and asks were reported on that date, as applicable, on the last Trading Day such bids and asks were reported), as reported
by Bloomberg or such other source as the Administrator deems reliable; or

(c) In the absence of an established market for the Common Stock, the Fair Market Value will be determined
in good faith by the Administrator.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes
of determining the fair market value of any Shares for any reason other than the determination of the exercise price of Options or Stock
Appreciation Rights, fair market value will be determined by the Administrator in a manner compliant with Applicable Laws and applied
consistently for such purpose. The determination of fair market value for purposes of withholding for Tax-Related Items (or other amounts
required by Applicable Laws) may be made in the Administrators sole discretion subject to Applicable Laws and is not required to
be consistent with the determination of fair market value for other purposes.

2.22. Fiscal Year means the fiscal year of the Company.

5

2.23. Full Value Award means a grant under the Plan of Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock
Units, Performance Awards or Other Stock-Based Awards. Options and Stock Appreciation Rights do not constitute Full Value Awards.

2.24. Good Reason, with respect to an Award, shall have the meaning, if any, given such
term in the applicable Award Agreement. If not defined in the applicable Award Agreement, the term Good Reason as used herein
shall not apply to such Award.

2.25. Incentive Stock Option means an Option that by its terms qualifies and is otherwise
intended to qualify as an incentive stock option within the meaning of Code Section 422.

2.26. Inside Director means a Director who is an Employee.

2.27. Nonstatutory Stock Option means an Option that by its terms does not qualify or is
not intended to qualify as an Incentive Stock Option.

2.28. Officer means a person who is an officer of the Company within the meaning of Section 16
of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

2.29. Option means a stock option granted pursuant to the Plan.

2.30. Other Stock-Based Award means a right, granted to a Participant under Section 11
of the Plan that relates to or is valued by reference to Shares or other Awards relating to Shares.

2.31. Outside Director means a Director who is not an Employee.

2.32. Parent means a parent corporation, whether now or hereafter existing,
as defined in Code Section 424(e).

2.33. Participant means the holder of an outstanding Award.

2.34. Performance Awards means an Award which
may be earned in whole or in part upon attainment of performance goals or other vesting criteria as the Administrator may determine and
which may be cash- or stock-denominated and may be settled for cash, Shares or other securities
or a combination of the foregoing under Section 10
of the Plan.

2.35. Period of Restriction means the period (if any) during which the transfer of Shares
of Restricted Stock are subject to restrictions and therefore, the Shares are subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture. Such restrictions
may be based on a Participants continued service (including specified types of service, such as in the capacity of an Employee),
the achievement of target levels of performance, or the occurrence of other events as determined by the Administrator.

2.36. Plan means this Micron Technology, Inc. 2025 Equity Incentive Plan, as may be
amended from time to time.

6

2.37. Restricted Stock means Shares issued pursuant to an Award of Restricted Stock under
Section 8 of the Plan, or issued pursuant to the early exercise of an Option.

2.38. Restricted Stock Unit means a bookkeeping entry representing an amount equal to the
fair market value of one Share, granted pursuant to Section 9 of the Plan. Each Restricted Stock Unit represents an unfunded and
unsecured obligation of the Company.

2.39. Rule 16b-3 means Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act or any successor to Rule 16b-3,
as in effect when discretion is being exercised with respect to the Plan.

2.40. Section 16b means Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act.

2.41. Section 409A means Code Section 409A and the U.S. Treasury Regulations
and guidance thereunder, and any applicable state law equivalent, as each may be promulgated, amended or modified from time to time.

2.42. Securities Act means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, including the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder.

2.43. Service Provider means an Employee, Director or Consultant.

2.44. Share means a share of the Common Stock, as adjusted in accordance with Section 15
of the Plan.

2.45. Stock Appreciation Right or SAR means an Award, granted alone
or in connection with an Option, that pursuant to Section 7 of the Plan is designated as a Stock Appreciation Right.

2.46. Subsidiary means a subsidiary corporation, whether now or hereafter
exist-ing, as defined in Code Section 424(f).

2.47. Tax-Related Items means any U.S. federal, state, and/or local taxes and any taxes
imposed by a jurisdiction outside of the United States (including, without limitation, income tax, social insurance contributions, payment
on account, employment tax obligations, stamp taxes and any other taxes required by Applicable Laws to be withheld and any employer tax
liability for which the Participant is liable.

2.48. Trading Day means a day that the primary stock exchange, national market system,
or other trading platform, as applicable, upon which the Common Stock is listed (or otherwise trades regularly, as determined by the Administrator,
in its sole discretion) is open for trading.

2.49. U.S. Treasury Regulations means the Treasury Regulations of the Code. Reference to
a specific Treasury Regulation or Section of the Code will include such Treasury Regulation or Section, any valid regulation promulgated
under such Section, and any comparable provision of any future legislation or regulation amending, supplementing or superseding such Section or
regulation.

7

3. Stock Subject to the Plan.

3.36. Number of Shares. Subject to adjustment as provided in Section 15.1 of the Plan, the aggregate
number of Shares reserved and available for issuance pursuant to Awards granted under the Plan shall be 49,000,000. Subject to the Share
counting rules of Section 3.2 of the Plan, the number of Shares available for future grants of Awards will be reduced by one
Share for each Share subject to an Award granted under the Plan.

3.37. Share Counting. In determining the number of Shares available for issuance under the Plan, the
following rules shall apply.

(a) If an Option or Stock Appreciation Right expires or becomes unexercisable without having been exercised
in full, then the unexercised Shares subject thereto will become available for future grant or sale under the Plan (unless the Plan has
terminated).

(b) If a Full Value Award is forfeited or repurchased by the Company due to a failure to vest, then the forfeited
or repurchased Shares subject thereto will become available for future grant or sale under the Plan (unless the Plan has terminated).

(c) Upon exercise of a Stock Appreciation Right settled in Shares, the gross number of Shares covered by the
portion of the Award so exercised will cease to be available under the Plan.

(d) Shares that have been issued under the Plan pursuant to any Award will not be returned to the Plan and
will not become available for future grant or sale under the Plan; provided, however, that if unvested Shares of Full Value Awards are
repurchased by the Company or are forfeited to the Company, such Shares will become available for future grant or sale under the Plan
(unless the Plan is terminated).

(e) Shares used to pay the Exercise Price or purchase price of an Award and/or used to satisfy the Tax-Related
Items or other withholdings related to the Award will cease to be available for future grant or sale under the Plan.

(f) To the extent an Award is paid out in cash rather than Shares, such cash payment will not result in reducing
the number of Shares available for issuance under the Plan.

(g) No Shares purchased by the Company with proceeds received from the exercise of an Option will become available
for issuance under the Plan.

8

3.38. Incentive Stock Option Limit. Notwithstanding the foregoing and, subject to adjustment as provided
in Section 15 of the Plan, the maximum number of Shares that may be issued upon the exercise of Incentive Stock Options will equal
the aggregate Share number stated in Section 3.1 of the Plan, plus, to the extent allowable under Section 422 of the Code, any
Shares that become available for issuance under the Plan pursuant to this Section 3.2 of the Plan.

3.39. Shares Distributed. Any Shares distributed pursuant to an Award may consist, in whole or in part,
of authorized and unissued Shares, treasury Shares or Shares purchased on the open market.

4. Administration of the Plan.

4.1. Procedure.

4.1.1. Multiple Administrative Bodies. Different Committees with respect to different groups of Service
Providers may administer the Plan.

4.1.2. Rule 16b-3. To the extent desirable to qualify transactions hereunder as exempt under Rule 16b-3,
the transactions contemplated hereunder will be structured to satisfy the requirements for exemption under Rule 16b-3.

4.1.3. Other Administration. Other than as provided above, the Plan will be administered by (a) the
Board or (b) a Committee, which Committee will be constituted to comply with Applicable Laws.

4.1.4. Delegation of Authority for Day-to-Day Administration. Except to the extent prohibited by Applicable
Laws, the Administrator may delegate to one or more individuals the day-to-day administration of the Plan and any of the functions assigned
to it in this Plan. Such delegation may be revoked at any time.

4.2. Powers of the Administrator. Subject to the provisions of the Plan, and in the case of a Committee,
subject to the specific duties delegated by the Board to such Committee, the Administrator will have the authority, in its discretion:

(a) to determine the Fair Market Value;

(b) to determine the Awards to be granted and select the Service Providers to whom Awards may be granted hereunder;

(c) to determine the number of Shares or dollar amounts to be covered by each Award granted hereunder;

(d) to approve forms of Award Agreements for use under the Plan;

9

(e) to determine the terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, of any Award granted
hereunder. Such terms and conditions include, but are not limited to, the exercise price, the time or times when Awards may be exercised
(which may be based on performance criteria), any vesting acceleration or waiver of forfeiture restrictions, and any restriction or limitation
regarding any Award or the Shares relating thereto (including but not limited to, temporarily suspending the exercisability of an Award
if the Administrator deems such suspension to be necessary or appropriate for administrative purposes or to comply with Applicable Laws,
provided that, except where the exercise of the Award would result in noncompliance with Applicable Laws, such suspension must be lifted
prior to the expiration of the maximum term and post-termination exercisability period of an Award), based in each case on such factors
as the Administrator will determine;

(f) to implement and determine the terms and conditions of an Exchange Program, subject to stockholder approval
of the Exchange Program as required in Section 2.19 of the Plan;

(g) to construe and interpret the terms of the Plan and Awards granted pursuant to the Plan;

(h) to prescribe, amend and rescind rules and regulations relating to the Plan, including rules and
regulations relating to sub-plans established for the purpose of facilitating compliance with applicable non-U.S. laws, easing the administration
of the Plan and/or for qualifying for favorable tax treatment under applicable non-U.S. laws, in each case as the Administrator may deem
necessary or advisable;

(i) to modify or amend each Award (subject to Section 20.3 of the Plan), including but not limited to
the discretionary authority to extend the post-termination exercisability period of Awards and to extend the maximum term of an Option
or Stock Appreciation Right (subject to Sections 6.4 and 7.5 of the Plan);

(j) to allow Participants to satisfy withholding for Tax-Related Amounts (and any other required amounts required
by Applicable Laws) in a manner prescribed in Section 16 of the Plan;

(k) to authorize any person to execute on behalf of the Company any instrument required to effect the grant
of an Award previously granted by the Administrator;

10

(l) to allow or require a Participant to defer the receipt of the payment of cash or the delivery of Shares
that otherwise would be due to such Participant under an Award;

(m) to determine whether Awards will be settled in Shares, cash or in any combination thereof; and

(n) to make all other determinations deemed necessary or advisable for administering the Plan.

4.3. Effect of Administrators Decision. The Administrators decisions, determinations and
interpretations will be final and binding on all Participants and any other holders of Awards and will be given the maximum deference
permitted by Applicable Laws.

4.4. Minimum Vesting Requirements. Full Value Awards shall be either (a) subject to a minimum vesting
period of three years (which may include graduated vesting within such three-year period), or one year if the vesting is based on performance
criteria other than continued service, or (b) be granted solely in exchange for forgone cash compensation. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
(i) the Administrator may at its discretion permit and authorize acceleration of vesting of Full Value Awards in the event of the
Participants death, Disability, or retirement, or the occurrence of a Change in Control, (ii) the Administrator may grant
Full Value Awards without the above-described minimum vesting requirements, or may permit and authorize acceleration of vesting of Full
Value Awards otherwise subject to the above-described minimum vesting requirements, with respect to Awards covering five percent (5%)
or fewer of the aggregate maximum number of Shares authorized under the Plan, and (iii) this Section 4.4 shall not apply to
Awards granted to Non-Employee Directors.

4.5. Death or Disability. Except as otherwise provided in the Award Agreement, or any special Plan document
governing an Awards terms, upon a Participant ceasing to be a Service Provider by reason of his or her death or Disability:

(a) all of such Participants outstanding Options, SARs, and other Awards in the nature of rights that
may be exercised that are solely subject to time-based vesting requirements shall become vested and fully exercisable as of the date of
cessation of the Participants status as a Service Provider, and shall thereafter remain exercisable for a period of twelve (12)
months or until the earlier expiration of the original term of the Option, SAR or other Award; provided, however, to the extent that an
Option is exercised more than three (3) months after a Participants status as a Service Provider terminates by reason of his
or her Disability, the Option shall be deemed to be a Nonstatutory Stock Option.

(b) all time-based vesting restrictions on the Participants outstanding Awards shall lapse as of the
date of cessation of the Participants status as a Service Provider.

11

(c) the target payout opportunities attainable under all of such Participants outstanding performance-based
Awards shall be deemed to have been fully earned as of the date of cessation of the Participants status as a Service Provider based
upon an assumed achievement of all relevant performance goals at the target level and there shall be a pro rata payout to
the Participant or his or her estate within thirty (30) days following the date of such cessation (or any later date required by Section 12
of the Plan) based upon the length of time within the performance period that has elapsed prior to the date of cessation of the Participants
status as a Service Provider.

Except as otherwise provided in this
Section 4.5, any Awards shall thereafter continue or lapse in accordance with the other provisions of the Plan and the Award Agreement.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a cessation of a Participants status as a Service Provider by reason of his or her
Disability, this Section 4.5 shall apply to such Participant only if the designated person in the Human Resources Department of the
Participants employer (either the Company or an Affiliate) has received a copy of the Disability Notice before processing the Participants
termination. To the extent that this provision causes Incentive Stock Options to exceed the dollar limitation set forth in Code Section 422(d),
the excess Options shall be deemed to be Nonstatutory Stock Options.

4.6. Limitation on Awards.

(a) Notwithstanding any provision in the Plan to the contrary (but subject to adjustment as provided in Section 15.1
of the Plan), the maximum number of Shares with respect to one or more Options and/or SARs that may be granted during any one calendar
year under the Plan to any one Participant shall be 5,000,000. The maximum aggregate number of Shares covering Awards of Restricted Stock,
Restricted Stock Units, Performance Awards or other Stock-Based Awards (other than Options or SARs) granted in any one calendar year to
any one Participant shall be 5,000,000.

(b) The maximum number of Shares subject to Awards granted during a single Fiscal Year to any Non-Employee
Director, taken together with any cash fees paid to such Non-Employee Director during the Fiscal Year, shall not exceed USD 1,500,000
in total value (calculating the value of any such Awards based on the grant date fair value of such Awards for financial reporting purposes).

5. Eligibility. Nonstatutory Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock, Restricted
Stock Units, Performance Awards, or Other Stock-Based Awards may be granted to Service Providers. Incentive Stock Options may be granted
only to Employees of the Company or of any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company.

12

6. Stock Options.

6.1. Grant of Options. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Administrator, at any time
and from time to time, may grant Options to Service Providers in such amounts as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, will determine.

6.2. Option Agreement. Each Award of an Option will be evidenced by an Award Agreement that will specify
the exercise price, the term of the Option, the number of Shares subject to the Option, the exercise restrictions, if any, applicable
to the Option, and such other terms and conditions as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, will determine.

6.3. Limitations. Each Option will be designated in the Award Agreement as either an Incentive Stock
Option or a Nonstatutory Stock Option. Notwithstanding such designation, however, to the extent that the aggregate fair market value of
the shares with respect to which incentive stock options are exercisable for the first time by the Participant during any calendar year
(under all plans of the Company and any Parent or Subsidiary) exceeds one hundred thousand dollars (USD 100,000), such options will be
treated as nonstatutory stock options. For purposes of this Section 6.3, incentive stock options will be taken into account in the
order in which they were granted, the fair market value of the shares will be determined as of the time the option with respect to such
shares is granted, and calculation will be performed in accordance with Section 422 of the Code.

6.4. Term of Option. The term of each Option will be stated in the Award Agreement; provided, however,
that the term will be no more than ten (10) years from the date of grant thereof. In the case of an Incentive Stock Option granted
to a Participant who, at the time the Incentive Stock Option is granted, owns stock representing more than ten percent (10%) of the total
combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company, the term of the Incentive Stock
Option will be five (5) years from the date of grant or such shorter term as may be provided in the Award Agreement.

6.5. Option Exercise Price and Consideration.

6.5.1. Exercise Price. The per Share exercise price for the Shares to be issued pursuant to the exercise
of an Option will be determined by the Administrator, but will be no less than one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value per
Share on the date of grant. In addition, in the case of an Incentive Stock Option granted to an Employee who owns stock representing more
than ten percent (10%) of the voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company, the per
Share exercise price will be no less than one hundred ten percent (110%) of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant. Notwithstanding
the foregoing provisions of this Section 6.5.1, Options may be granted with a per Share exercise price of less than one hundred percent
(100%) of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant pursuant to a transaction described in, and in a manner consistent with,
Code Section 424(a).

6.5.2. Waiting Period and Exercise Dates. At the time an Option is granted, the Administrator will fix
the period within which the Option may be exercised and will determine any conditions that must be satisfied before the Option may be
exercised.

13

6.5.3. Form of Consideration. The Administrator will determine the acceptable form of consideration
for exercising an Option, including the method of payment. Such consideration may consist entirely of, without limitation: (a) cash
(including cash equivalents); (b) check; (c) promissory note, to the extent permitted by Applicable Laws; (d) other Shares,
provided that such Shares have a Fair Market Value on the date of surrender equal to the aggregate exercise price of the Shares as to
which such Option will be exercised and provided further that accepting such Shares will not result in any adverse accounting consequences
to the Company, as the Administrator determines in its sole discretion; (e) consideration received by the Company under a cashless
exercise program (whether through a broker or otherwise) implemented by the Company in connection with the Plan; (f) by net exercise;
(g) such other consideration and method of payment for the issuance of Shares to the extent permitted by Applicable Laws, or (h) any
combination of the foregoing methods of payment.

6.6. Exercise of Option.

6.6.1. Procedure for Exercise; Rights as a Stockholder. Any Option granted hereunder will be exercisable
according to the terms of the Plan and at such times and under such conditions as determined by the Administrator and set forth in the
Award Agreement. An Option may not be exercised for a fraction of a Share.

An Option will be
deemed exercised when the Company receives: (a) notice of exercise (in such form and in accordance with the procedures as the Administrator
may specify from time to time (which, for the avoidance of doubt, may include automatic exercise on terms specified by the Administrator)
from the person entitled to exercise the Option, and (b) full payment for the Shares with respect to which the Option is exercised
(together with applicable withholdings). Full payment may consist of any consideration and method of payment authorized by the Administrator
and permitted by the Award Agreement and the Plan. The Administrator, in its discretion, also may determine that an Option will be automatically
exercised on terms specified by the Administrator. Shares issued upon exercise of an Option will be issued in the name of the Participant
or, if requested by the Participant, in the name of the Participant and his or her spouse. Until the Shares are issued (as evidenced by
the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company), no right to vote or receive
dividends or any other rights as a stockholder will exist with respect to the Shares subject to an Option, notwithstanding the exercise
of the Option. The Company will issue (or cause to be issued) such Shares promptly after the Option is exercised. No adjustment will be
made for a dividend or other right for which the record date is prior to the date the Shares are issued, except as provided in Section 15
of the Plan.

Exercising an Option
in any manner will decrease the number of Shares thereafter available, both for purposes of the Plan (except as provided otherwise under
Section 3.2 of the Plan) and for sale under the Option, by the number of Shares as to which the Option is exercised.

14

6.6.2. Termination of Relationship as a Service Provider. If a Participant ceases to be a Service Provider,
other than upon such cessation as the result of the Participants death, the Participant may exercise his or her Option within three
(3) months of such cessation, or such shorter or longer period of time, as is specified in the Award Agreement, in no event later
than the expiration of the term of such Option as set forth in the Award Agreement or Section 6.4 of the Plan. Unless otherwise provided
by the Administrator or set forth in the Award Agreement or other written agreement authorized by the Administrator between the Participant
and the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Parents, as applicable, if on such date of cessation the Participant is not vested as to
his or her entire Option, the Shares covered by the unvested portion of the Option will revert to the Plan immediately. If after such
cessation the Participant does not exercise his or her Option within the time specified by the Administrator, the Option will terminate,
and the Shares covered by such Option will revert to the Plan.

6.6.3. Death of Participant. If a Participant dies while a Service Provider, the Option (to the extent
vested) may be exercised by the Participants designated beneficiary, provided such beneficiary has been designated prior to the
Participants death in a form (if any) acceptable to the Administrator. If the Administrator has not permitted the designation of
a beneficiary or if no such beneficiary has been designated by the Participant, then such Option may be exercised by the personal representative
of the Participants estate or by the person(s) to whom the Option is transferred pursuant to the Participants will
or in accordance with the laws of descent and distribution (each, a Legal Representative). If the Option is exercised
pursuant to this Section 6.6.3, the Participants designated beneficiary or Legal Representative shall be subject to the terms
of this Plan and the Award Agreement, including but not limited to the restrictions on transferability and forfeitability applicable to
the Service Provider.

6.6.4. Tolling Expiration. A Participants Award Agreement may also provide that:

(a) if the exercise of the Option following the cessation of Participants status as a Service Provider
(other than upon the Participants death) would result in liability under Section 16b, then the Option will terminate on the
earlier of (i) the expiration of the term of the Option set forth in the Award Agreement, or (ii) the tenth (10th)
day after the last date on which such exercise would result in liability under Section 16b; or

(b) if the exercise of the Option following the cessation of the Participants status as a Service Provider
(other than upon the Participants death) would be prohibited at any time solely because the issuance of Shares would violate the
registration requirements under the Securities Act, then the Option will terminate on the earlier of (i) the expiration of the term
of the Option or (ii) the expiration of a period of thirty (30) days after the cessation of the Participants status as a Service
Provider during which the exercise of the Option would not be in violation of such registration requirements.

15

7. Stock Appreciation Rights.

7.1. Grant of Stock Appreciation Rights. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, a Stock Appreciation
Right may be granted to Service Providers at any time and from time to time as will be determined by the Administrator, in its sole discretion.

7.2. Number of Shares. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Administrator will have
complete discretion to determine the number of Shares subject to any Award of Stock Appreciation Rights.

7.3. Exercise Price and Other Terms. The per Share exercise price for the Shares that will determine
the amount of the payment to be received upon exercise of a Stock Appreciation Right as set forth in Section 7.6 of the Plan will
be determined by the Administrator and will be no less than one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date
of grant. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 7.3, Stock Appreciation Rights may be granted with a per Share
exercise price of less than one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant pursuant to a transaction
described in, and in a manner consistent with, Code Section 424(a). Otherwise, the Administrator, subject to the provisions of the
Plan, will have complete discretion to determine the terms and conditions of Stock Appreciation Rights granted under the Plan.

7.4. Stock Appreciation Right Agreement. Each Stock Appreciation Right grant will be evidenced by an
Award Agreement that will specify the exercise price, the term of the Stock Appreciation Right, the conditions of exercise, and such other
terms and conditions as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, will determine.

7.5. Term and Expiration of Stock Appreciation Rights. A Stock Appreciation Right granted under the
Plan will expire upon the date determined by the Administrator, in its sole discretion, and set forth in the Award Agreement. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the rules of Section 6.4 of the Plan relating to the maximum term (disregarding any special rules applicable
only to Incentive Stock Options) and Section 6.6 of the Plan relating to exercise also will apply to Stock Appreciation Rights.

7.6. Payment of Stock Appreciation Right Amount. Upon exercise of a Stock Appreciation Right, a Participant
will be entitled to receive payment from the Company in an amount determined by multiplying:

(a) The difference between the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of exercise over the exercise price;
times

(b) The number of Shares with respect to which the Stock Appreciation Right is exercised.

At the discretion
of the Administrator, the payment upon Stock Appreciation Right exercise may be in cash, in Shares of equivalent value, or in some combination
thereof.

16

8. Restricted Stock.

8.1. Grant of Restricted Stock. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Administrator,
at any time and from time to time, may grant Shares of Restricted Stock to Service Providers in such amounts as the Administrator, in
its sole discretion, will determine.

8.2. Restricted Stock Agreement. Each Award of Restricted Stock will be evidenced by an Award Agreement
that will specify the Period of Restriction (if any), the number of Shares granted, and such other terms and conditions as the Administrator,
in its sole discretion, will determine. Unless the Administrator determines otherwise, the Company as escrow agent will hold Shares of
Restricted Stock until the restrictions on such Shares have lapsed. Subject to Section 4.4 of the Plan, the Administrator, in its
sole discretion, may determine that an Award of Restricted Stock will not be subject to any Period of Restriction and consideration for
such Award is paid for by past services rendered as a Service Provider.

8.3. Transferability. Except as provided in this Section 8 or as the Administrator determines,
Shares of Restricted Stock may not be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned, or otherwise alienated or hypothecated until the end of the
applicable Period of Restriction.

8.4. Other Restrictions. The Administrator, in its sole discretion, may impose such other restrictions
on Shares of Restricted Stock as it may deem advisable or appropriate.

8.5. Removal of Restrictions. Except as otherwise provided in this Section 8, Shares of Restricted
Stock covered by each Restricted Stock grant made under the Plan will be released from escrow as soon as practicable after the last day
of the Period of Restriction or at such other time as the Administrator may determine. The Administrator, in its discretion, may accelerate
the time at which any restrictions will lapse or be removed.

8.6. Voting Rights. During the Period of Restriction, Service Providers holding Shares of Restricted
Stock granted hereunder may exercise full voting rights with respect to those Shares, unless the Administrator determines otherwise.

8.7. Dividends and Other Distributions. During the Period of Restriction, Service Providers holding
Shares of Restricted Stock will not be entitled to receive dividends and other distributions paid with respect to unvested Shares. Instead,
to the limited extent provided in Section 25 and only if determined by the Administrator, such dividends and other distributions
will accrue and be paid if (and only if) the underlying Shares vest. If any such dividends or distributions are paid in Shares, the Shares
will be subject to the same restrictions on transferability and forfeitability as the Shares of Restricted Stock with respect to which
they were paid.

17

8.8. Return of Restricted Stock to Company. On the date set forth in the Award Agreement, the Restricted
Stock for which restrictions have not lapsed will revert to the Company and again will become available for grant under the Plan.

9. Restricted Stock Units.

9.1. Grant. Restricted Stock Units may be granted at any time and from time to time as determined by
the Administrator. After the Administrator determines that it will grant Restricted Stock Units, it will advise the Participant in an
Award Agreement of the terms, conditions, and restrictions related to the grant, including the number of Restricted Stock Units.

9.2. Vesting Criteria and Other Terms. The Administrator will set vesting criteria in its discretion,
which, depending on the extent to which the criteria are met, will determine the number of Restricted Stock Units that will be paid out
to the Participant. The Administrator may set vesting criteria based upon the achievement of Company-wide, divisional, business unit,
or individual goals (including, but not limited to, continued employment or service), applicable federal or state securities laws or any
other basis determined by the Administrator in its discretion.

9.3. Earning Restricted Stock Units. Upon meeting the applicable vesting criteria, the Participant will
be entitled to receive a payout as determined by the Administrator. Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time after the grant of Restricted
Stock Units, the Administrator, in its sole discretion, may reduce or waive any vesting criteria that must be met to receive a payout.

9.4. Form and Timing of Payment. Payment of earned Restricted Stock Units will be made at the time(s) determined
by the Administrator and set forth in the Award Agreement. The Administrator, in its sole discretion, may settle earned Restricted Stock
Units in cash, Shares, or a combination of both.

9.5. Cancellation. On the date set forth in the Award Agreement, all unearned or unvested Restricted
Stock Units will be forfeited to the Company.

10. Performance Awards.

10.1. Award Agreement. Each Performance Award will be evidenced by an Award Agreement that will specify
any time period during which any performance objectives or other vesting provisions will be measured, and such other terms and conditions
as the Administrator determines. Each Performance Award will have an initial value that is determined by the Administrator on or before
its date of grant.

10.2. Objectives or Vesting Provisions and Other Terms. The Administrator will set any objectives or
vesting provisions that, depending on the extent to which any such objectives or vesting provisions are met, will
determine the value of the payout for the Performance Awards. The Administrator may
set vesting criteria based upon the achievement of Company-wide, divisional, business unit, or individual goals (including, but not limited
to, continued employment or service), applicable federal or state securities laws, or any other basis determined by the Administrator
in its discretion.

18

10.3. Earning Performance Awards. After an applicable performance period has ended, the holder of a Performance
Award will be entitled to receive a payout for the Performance Award earned by the Participant over the performance period. The Administrator,
in its discretion, may reduce or waive any performance objectives or other vesting provisions for such Performance Award.

10.4. Form and Timing of Payment. Payment of earned Performance Awards will be made at the time(s) determined
by the Administrator and set forth in the Award Agreement. The Administrator, in its sole discretion, may settle earned Performance Awards
in cash, Shares, or a combination of both.

10.5. Cancellation of Performance Awards. On the date set forth in the Award Agreement, all unearned
or unvested Performance Awards will be forfeited to the Company, and again will be available for grant under the Plan.

11. Grant of Stock or Other Stock-Based Awards. The Administrator is authorized, subject to limitations under applicable law, to
grant to Participants such other Awards that are payable in, valued in whole or in part by reference to, or otherwise based on or related
to Shares, as deemed by the Administrator to be consistent with the purposes of the Plan, including without limitation Shares awarded
purely as a bonus and not subject to any restrictions or conditions, convertible or exchangeable debt securities, other
rights convertible or exchangeable into Shares, and Awards valued by reference to book value of Shares or the value of securities of or
the performance of specified Parents or Subsidiaries of the Company. The Administrator (in its discretion) shall determine the terms and
conditions of such Awards.

12. Compliance With Section 409A. The Plan and any Awards are intended to be designed and operated
in such a manner that is exempt from the application of, or complies with, the requirements of Section 409A such that the grant,
payment, settlement or deferral will not be subject to the additional tax or interest applicable under Section 409A, except as otherwise
determined in the sole discretion of the Administrator. Except as provided otherwise by the Administrator, each payment or benefit under
this Plan and under each Award Agreement is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes of Section 1.409A-2(b)(2) of
the U.S. Treasury Regulations. The Plan, each Award and each Award Agreement under the Plan is intended to be exempt from or meet the
requirements of Section 409A and will be construed and interpreted in accordance with such intent (including with respect to any
ambiguities or ambiguous terms), except to the extent the Administrator, in its sole discretion, expressly determines otherwise. To the
extent that an Award or payment, or the settlement or deferral thereof, is subject to Section 409A, the Award will be granted, paid,
settled or deferred in a manner that will meet the requirements of Section 409A, such that the grant, payment, settlement or deferral
will not be subject to the additional tax or interest applicable under Section 409A. Notwithstanding the preceding, in no event will
the Company or any of its Affiliates have any responsibility, liability, or obligation to reimburse, indemnify, or hold harmless a Participant
(or any other person) in respect of Awards, for any taxes, penalties or interest that may be imposed on, or other costs incurred by, Participant
(or any other person) as a result of or in connection with Section 409A.

19

13. Leaves of Absence/Transfer Between Locations. Unless the Administrator provides otherwise or as
otherwise required by Applicable Laws, vesting of Awards granted hereunder will be suspended during any unpaid leave of absence. A Participant
will not cease to be an Employee in the case of (a) any leave of absence approved by the Company or (b) transfers between locations
of the Company or between the Company and any of its Affiliates. For purposes of Incentive Stock Options, no such leave may exceed three
(3) months, unless reemployment with the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company upon expiration of such leave is guaranteed
by statute or contract. If such reemployment upon expiration of a leave of absence approved by the Company is not so guaranteed, then
six (6) months following the first (1st) day of such leave, any Incentive Stock Option held by the Participant will cease
to be treated as an Incentive Stock Option and will be treated for tax purposes as a Nonstatutory Stock Option.

14. Limited Transferability of Awards. Unless determined otherwise by the Administrator, Awards may
not be sold, pledged, assigned, hypothecated, transferred, or disposed of in any manner other than by will or by the laws of descent and
distribution (which, for purposes of clarity, shall be deemed to include through a beneficiary designation if available in accordance
with Section 6.6 of the Plan), and may be exercised, during the lifetime of the Participant, only by the Participant. If the Administrator
makes an Award transferable, such Award will contain such additional terms and conditions as the Administrator deems appropriate.

15. Adjustments; Dissolution or Liquidation; Merger or Change in Control.

15.1. Adjustments. In the event that any dividend or other distribution (whether in the form of cash,
Shares, other securities, or other property), recapitalization, stock split, reverse stock split, reorganization, merger, consolidation,
split-up, spin-off, combination, reclassification, repurchase, or exchange of Shares or other securities of the Company, or other change
in the corporate structure of the Company affecting the Shares occurs (other than any ordinary dividends or other ordinary distributions),
the Administrator, in order to prevent diminution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available under
the Plan, will adjust the number and class of shares of stock that may be delivered under the Plan and/or the number, class, and price
of shares of stock covered by each outstanding Award, and numerical Share limits in Section 3 of the Plan. Notwithstanding the preceding,
the Company will have no obligation to effect any adjustment in such manner that will or may require the issuance of fractional Shares,
and any fractional Shares resulting from any adjustment may be disregarded or provided for in any manner determined by the Administrator,
in its sole discretion, subject to any Applicable Laws.

15.2. Dissolution or Liquidation. In the event of the proposed dissolution or liquidation of the Company,
the Administrator will notify each Participant as soon as practicable prior to the effective date of such proposed transaction. Unless
provided otherwise by the Administrator, to the extent it has not been previously exercised (with respect to an Option or Stock Appreciation
Right), vested (with respect to Restricted Stock) or settled (with respect to any other Awards), an Award will terminate immediately prior
to the consummation of such proposed action.

20

15.3. Merger or Change in Control. In the event of a merger of the
Company with or into another corporation or other entity or a Change in Control, each outstanding Award will be treated as the Administrator
determines (subject to the provisions of the following paragraph) without a Participants consent, including, without limitation,
that (a) Awards will be assumed, or substantially equivalent awards will be substituted, by the acquiring or succeeding corporation
(or an affiliate thereof) with appropriate adjustments as to the number and kind of shares and prices; (b) Awards will be continued
by the Company, subject to any adjustment pursuant to Section 15.1 of the Plan; (c) upon written notice to a Participant, that
the Participants Awards will terminate upon or immediately prior to the consummation of such merger or Change in Control; (d) outstanding
Awards will vest and become exercisable, realizable, or payable, or restrictions applicable to an Award will lapse, in whole or in part
prior to or upon consummation of such merger or Change in Control, and, to the extent the Administrator determines, terminate upon or
immediately prior to the effectiveness of such merger or Change in Control; (e) (i) the termination of an Award in exchange
for an amount of cash and/or property, if any, equal to the amount that would have been attained upon the exercise of such Award or realization
of the Participants rights as of the date of the occurrence of the transaction (and, for purposes of clarity, if as of the date
of the occurrence of the transaction the Administrator determines in good faith that no amount would have been attained upon the exercise
of such Award or realization of the Participants rights, then such Award may be terminated by the Company without payment), or
(ii) the replacement of such Award with other rights or property selected by the Administrator in its sole discretion; or (f) any
combination of the foregoing. In taking any of the actions permitted under this Section 15.3, the Administrator will not be obligated
to treat all Awards, all Awards held by a Participant, all Awards of the same type, or all portions of Awards, similarly.

For the purposes
of this Section 15.3 and Section 15.4 of the Plan, an Award will be considered assumed if, following the merger or Change in
Control, the Award confers the right to purchase or receive, for each Share subject to the Award immediately prior to the merger or Change
in Control, the consideration (whether stock, cash, or other securities or property) received in the merger or Change in Control by holders
of Common Stock for each Share held on the effective date of the transaction (and if holders were offered a choice of consideration, the
type of consideration chosen by the holders of a majority of the outstanding Shares); provided, however, that if such consideration received
in the merger or Change in Control is not solely common stock of the successor corporation or its Parent, the Administrator may, with
the consent of the successor corporation, provide for the consideration to be received upon the exercise of an Option or Stock Appreciation
Right or upon the payout of a Restricted Stock Unit, Performance Award, or Other Stock-Based Award, for each Share subject to such Award,
to be solely common stock of the successor corporation or its Parent equal in fair market value to the per share consideration received
by holders of Common Stock in the merger or Change in Control.

21

Notwithstanding
anything in this Section 15.3 to the contrary, and unless otherwise provided under an Award Agreement or other written agreement
authorized by the Administrator between the Participant and the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Parents, as applicable, an Award
that vests, is earned or paid-out upon the satisfaction of one or more performance goals will not be considered assumed if the Company
or its successor modifies any of such performance goals without the Participants consent; provided, however, a modification to
such performance goals only to reflect the successor corporations post-Change in Control corporate structure will not be deemed
to invalidate an otherwise valid Award assumption.

Notwithstanding
anything in this Section 15.3 to the contrary, and unless otherwise provided in an Award Agreement or other written agreement authorized
by the Administrator between the Participant and the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Parents, as applicable, if a payment under
an Award Agreement is subject to Section 409A and if the change in control definition contained in the Award Agreement (or other
agreement related to the Award, as applicable) does not comply with the definition of change in control for purposes of
a distribution under Section 409A, then any payment of an amount that otherwise would be accelerated under this Section will
be delayed until the earliest time that such payment would be permissible under Section 409A without triggering any penalties applicable
under Section 409A.

15.4. Effect of a Change in Control. Unless and until otherwise determined by the Administrator for Awards
granted after the date of such determination (pursuant to the Administrators authority under the Plan, including (but not limited
to) Section 15.3 and Section 4.2), the provisions of this Section 15.4 shall apply in the case of a Change in Control,
unless otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement or separate written authorized agreement with a Participant governing the
specific Award.

15.4.1. Awards Assumed or Substituted. With respect to Awards assumed by the Surviving Corporation (or
an affiliate thereof) or otherwise continued or substituted in connection with a Change in Control, as described in Section 15.3
of the Plan: if within one year after the effective date of the Change in Control, a Participants employment is terminated without
Cause or the Participant resigns for Good Reason, then:

(a) each of that Participants outstanding Options, SARs, and other Awards in the nature of rights that
may be exercised that are subject to time-based vesting requirements shall become vested and fully exercisable as of the date of termination;

(b) each of that Participants outstanding Awards other than Options and SARs that are subject to time-based
vesting restrictions shall become vested and such restrictions shall lapse as of the date of termination; and

(c) the payout level under each of that Participants outstanding Awards that are subject to performance-based
vesting requirements shall be deemed to have been earned as of the date of termination based upon an assumed achievement of all relevant
performance goals at the target level, and there shall be a pro rata payout to such Participant within thirty (30) days
following the date of termination of employment (unless a later date is required by Section 12 of the Plan), based upon the length
of time within the performance period that has elapsed prior to the date of termination of employment.

22

With regard to each Award, a Participant
shall not be considered to have resigned for Good Reason unless the Award Agreement includes such provision. To the extent that this provision
causes Incentive Stock Options to exceed the dollar limitation set forth in Code Section 422(d), the excess Options shall be deemed
to be Nonstatutory Stock Options.

15.4.2. Awards Not Assumed or Substituted. Upon the occurrence of a Change in Control, and except with
respect to any Awards assumed by the Surviving Corporation (or an affiliate thereof) or otherwise continued or substituted in connection
with the Change in Control, as described in Section 15.3 of the Plan and in a manner approved by the Administrator or the Board:

(a) all outstanding Options, SARs, and other Awards in the nature of rights that may be exercised that are
subject to time-based vesting requirements shall become vested and fully exercisable as of the effective date of the Change in Control;

(b) all outstanding Awards other than Options and SARs that are subject to time-based vesting restrictions
shall become vested and such restrictions shall lapse as of the effective date of the Change in Control, and

(c) the payout level under all outstanding Awards that are subject to performance-based vesting requirements
shall be deemed to have been earned as of the effective date of the Change in Control based upon an assumed achievement of all relevant
performance goals at the target level, and there shall be a pro rata payout to Participants within thirty (30) days following
the Change in Control (unless a later date is required by Section 12 of the Plan), based upon the length of time within the performance
period that has elapsed prior to the Change in Control.

To the extent that this provision causes
Incentive Stock Options to exceed the dollar limitation set forth in Code Section 422(d), the excess Options shall be deemed to be
Nonstatutory Stock Options.

15.5. Outside Director Awards. With respect to Awards granted to an Outside Director while such individual
was an Outside Director that are assumed, continued or substituted for, as described in Section 15.3 of the Plan, if on the date
of or following such assumption, continuation or substitution the Participants status as a Director or a director of the successor
corporation, as applicable, is terminated other than upon a voluntary resignation by the Participant (unless such resignation is at the
request of the acquirer), then the Participant will fully vest in and have the right to exercise Options and/or Stock Appreciation Rights
as to all of the Shares underlying such Award, including those Shares which otherwise would not be vested or exercisable, all restrictions
on Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units will lapse, and, with respect to Awards with performance-based vesting, all performance
goals or other vesting criteria will be deemed achieved at one hundred percent (100%) of target levels and all other terms and conditions
met, unless specifically provided otherwise under the applicable Award Agreement or other written agreement authorized by the Administrator
between the Participant and the Company or any of its Parent or Subsidiaries, as applicable.

23

16. Tax Withholding.

16.2. Withholding Requirements. Prior to the delivery of any Shares or cash pursuant to an Award (or
exercise thereof) or such earlier time as any tax withholdings are due, the Company (or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries, or affiliates
employing or retaining the services of a Participant, as applicable) will have the power and the right to deduct or withhold, or require
a Participant to remit to the Company (or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries, or affiliates, as applicable) or a relevant tax authority,
an amount sufficient to satisfy the Tax-Related Items.

16.3. Withholding Arrangements. The Administrator, in its sole discretion and pursuant to such procedures
as it may specify from time to time, may permit a Participant to satisfy such tax liability or withholding obligation, in whole or in
part by such methods as the Administrator shall determine, including, without limitation, (a) paying cash, check or other cash equivalents,
(b) electing to have the Company withhold otherwise deliverable cash or Shares having a fair market value equal to the minimum statutory
amount required to be withheld or such greater amount as the Administrator may determine if such amount would not have adverse accounting
consequences, as the Administrator determines in its sole discretion, (c) delivering to the Company already-owned Shares having a
fair market value equal to the minimum statutory amount required to be withheld or such greater amount as the Administrator may determine,
in each case, provided the delivery of such Shares will not result in any adverse accounting consequences, as the Administrator determines
in its sole discretion, (d) selling a sufficient number of Shares otherwise deliverable to the Participant through such means as
the Administrator may determine in its sole discretion (whether through a broker or otherwise) equal to the amount required to be withheld
or such greater amount as the Administrator may determine, in each case, provided the delivery of such Shares will not result in any adverse
accounting consequences, as the Administrator determines in its sole discretion, (e) such other consideration and method of payment
for the meeting of tax liabilities or withholding obligations as the Administrator may determine to the extent permitted by Applicable
Laws, or (f) any combination of the foregoing methods of payment. The amount of the withholding obligation will be deemed to include
any amount which the Administrator agrees may be withheld at the time the election is made, not to exceed the amount determined by using
the maximum federal, state or local or non-U.S. marginal income tax rates and rates applicable to other Tax-Related Items applicable to
the Participant with respect to the Award on the date that the amount of tax to be withheld is to be determined or such greater amount
as the Administrator may determine if such amount would not have adverse accounting consequences, as the Administrator determines in its
sole discretion. The fair market value of the Shares to be withheld or delivered will be determined as of the date that the Tax-Related
Items are required to be withheld.

24

17. No Effect on Employment or Service. Neither the Plan nor any Award will confer upon a Participant
any right with respect to continuing the Participants service relationship with the Company or any of its Affiliates, as applicable,
nor will they interfere in any way with the Participants right or the right of the Company and its Affiliates, as applicable, to
terminate such relationship at any time with or without cause, free from any liability or claim under the Plan, to the extent permitted
by Applicable Laws.

18. Date of Grant. The date of grant of an Award will be, for all purposes, the date on which the Administrator
makes the determination granting such Award, or such other later date as is determined by the Administrator. Notice of the determination
will be provided to each Participant within a reasonable time after the date of such grant.

19. Term of Plan. Subject to Section 23 of the Plan, the Plan will become effective upon the later
to occur of (a) its initial adoption by the Board, or (b) initial approval by the Companys stockholders. The Plan will
continue in effect until the ten (10) year anniversary of the Plans effective date, unless terminated earlier under Section 20
of the Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Options that qualify as incentive stock options within the meaning of Code Section 422
may be granted after ten (10) years from the earlier of the Board or stockholder approval of the Plan (or if earlier, upon termination
of the Plan pursuant to Section 20 of the Plan).

20. Amendment and Termination of the Plan.

20.1. Amendment and Termination. The Administrator, in its sole discretion, may amend, alter, suspend
or terminate the Plan, or any part thereof, at any time and for any reason.

20.2. Stockholder Approval. The Company will obtain stockholder approval of any Plan amendment to the
extent necessary and desirable to comply with Applicable Laws.

20.3. Effect of Amendment or Termination. No amendment, alteration, suspension or termination of the
Plan will materially impair the rights of any Participant under an outstanding Award, unless mutually agreed otherwise between the Participant
and the Administrator, which agreement must be in writing and signed by the Participant and the Company; provided that the conversion
of the Participants Incentive Stock Options into Nonstatutory Stock Options as a result of any actions taken by the Administrator
will neither constitute nor contribute toward constituting an impairment of the Participants rights under an outstanding Award
for purposes of this Section 20.3. Termination of the Plan will not affect the Administrators ability to exercise the powers
granted to it hereunder with respect to Awards granted under the Plan prior to the date of such termination.

25

21. Conditions Upon Issuance of Shares.

21.1. Legal Compliance. Shares will not be issued pursuant to an Award, including without limitation
upon exercise or vesting thereof, as applicable, unless the issuance and delivery of such Shares and unless the exercise or vesting of
the Award, if and as applicable, and the issuance and delivery of such Shares will comply with Applicable Laws. If required by the Administrator,
issuance will be further subject to the approval of counsel for the Company with respect to such compliance.

21.2. Investment Representations. As a condition to the exercise of an Option or SAR, issuance of Restricted
Stock, or vesting or settlement of any other Award, the Company may require the person exercising or receiving such issuance, vesting
or settlement to represent and warrant at the time of any such exercise, issuance, vesting or settlement that the Shares are being acquired
only for investment and without any present intention to sell or distribute such Shares if, in the opinion of counsel for the Company,
such a representation is required.

22. Inability to Obtain Authority. If the Company determines it to be impossible or impractical to
obtain authority from any regulatory body having jurisdiction or to complete or comply with the requirements of any registration or other
qualification of the Shares under any U.S. state or federal law or non-U.S. law or under the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission, the stock exchange on which Shares of the same class are then listed, or any other governmental or regulatory
body, which authority, registration, qualification or rule compliance is deemed by the Companys counsel to be necessary or
advisable for the issuance and sale of any Shares hereunder, the Company will be relieved of any liability in respect of the failure to
issue or sell such Shares as to which such requisite authority, registration, qualification or rule compliance will not have been
obtained.

23. Stockholder Approval. The Plan will be subject to approval by the stockholders of the Company within
twelve (12) months after the date the Plan is adopted by the Board. Such stockholder approval will be obtained in the manner and to the
degree required under Applicable Laws.

24. Forfeiture Events. The Administrator may specify in an Award Agreement that the Participants
rights, payments, and benefits with respect to an Award will be subject to reduction, cancellation, forfeiture, recoupment, reimbursement,
or reacquisition upon the occurrence of certain specified events, in addition to any otherwise applicable vesting or performance conditions
of an Award. Such events may include, without limitation, termination of such Participants status as an employee and/or other service
provider for cause or any specified action or inaction by a Participant, whether before or after such termination of employment and/or
other service, that would constitute cause for termination of such Participants status as an employee and/or other service provider.
Notwithstanding any provisions to the contrary under this Plan, all Awards granted under the Plan will be subject to reduction, cancellation,
forfeiture, recoupment, reimbursement, or reacquisition under any clawback policy that may be in effect at grant or any other clawback
policy that the Company is required to adopt to comply with Applicable Laws, including without limitation pursuant to the listing standards
of any national securities exchange or association on which the Companys securities are listed or otherwise required by the Dodd-Frank
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or other Applicable Laws (collectively, the Clawback Policy). The
Administrator may require a Participant to forfeit, return or reimburse the Company for all or a portion of the Award and any amounts
paid thereunder pursuant to the terms of the Clawback Policy or as necessary or appropriate to comply with Applicable Laws, including
without limitation any reacquisition right regarding previously acquired Shares or other cash or property. Unless this Section 24
specifically is mentioned and waived in an Award Agreement or other document, no recovery of compensation under a Clawback Policy or otherwise
will constitute an event that triggers or contributes to any right of a Participant to resign for good reason or constructive
termination (or similar term) under any agreement with the Company or any Affiliate.

26

25. Dividend Equivalents. The Administrator is authorized to grant Dividend Equivalents with respect
to Full Value Awards granted hereunder to Participants subject to such terms and conditions as may be selected by the Administrator. No
Option or Stock Appreciation Right shall provide for Dividend Equivalents. Dividend
Equivalents, if any, will be credited to an Award in such form and manner as determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion, subject
to the following. Dividend Equivalents will be subject to the same vesting provisions as the Awards to which they relate and while amounts
may accrue while the Dividend Equivalent is unvested, the amounts payable with respect to Dividend Equivalents will not be paid
before the Dividend Equivalent or the Award to which it relates vests. In the event
of a dividend or distribution paid in Shares or any other adjustment made upon a change in the capital structure of the Company as described
in Section 15 (excluding ordinary dividends or other ordinary distributions), appropriate adjustments will be made to the Participants
Award and the associated Dividend Equivalent as provided in Section 15 (which Section 15 will control over this Section 25).

26. No Rights to Awards. No Service Provider shall have any claim to be granted any Award pursuant
to the Plan, and the Administrator is not obligated to treat Service Providers, Participants or any other persons uniformly.

27. Governing Law. The Plan and all determinations made and actions taken pursuant hereto shall be
governed by the laws of the U.S. State of Delaware without giving effect to the conflict of laws principles thereof.

28. Severability. If any provision of the Plan or the application of any provision hereof to any person
or circumstance is held to be invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of the Plan and the application of such provision to any other person
or circumstance shall not be affected, and the provisions so held to be unenforceable shall be reformed to the extent (and only to the
extent) necessary to make it enforceable and valid.

* * *

27
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>mu-20250116.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>mu-20250116_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>mu-20250116_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>tm253757d1_8kimg001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>tm253757d1_ex10-1img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 16, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 16, 2025

Entity File Number 1-10658

Entity Registrant Name Micron
Technology, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0000723125

Entity Tax Identification Number 75-1618004

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 8000
South Federal Way

Entity Address, City or Town Boise

Entity Address, State or Province ID

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 83716-9632

City Area Code 208

Local Phone Number 368-4000

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, par value $0.10 per share

Trading Symbol MU

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://micron.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

mu-20250116.xsd 
mu-20250116_lab.xml 
mu-20250116_pre.xml 
tm253757d1_8k.htm 

tm253757d1_8kimg001.jpg 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-004879-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>tm253757d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000723125 

2025-01-16 
2025-01-16 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0000723125 
8-K 
2025-01-16 
Micron Technology, Inc. 
DE 
1-10658 
75-1618004 
8000 South Federal Way 
Boise 
ID 
83716-9632 
208 
368-4000 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.10 per share 
MU 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>