<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-051083.txt : 20250310
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-051083.hdr.sgml : 20250310
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250310171433
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-051083
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250305
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250310
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250310

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001520697
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-SPECIALTY OUTPATIENT FACILITIES, NEC [8093]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35331
		FILM NUMBER:		25724788

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6100 TOWER CIRCLE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1000
		CITY:			FRANKLIN
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			37067
		BUSINESS PHONE:		615-861-6000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6100 TOWER CIRCLE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1000
		CITY:			FRANKLIN
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			37067
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d923379d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000152069700015206972025-03-052025-03-05

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): March 10, 2025 (March 5, 2025)

Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-35331 45-2492228

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

6100 Tower Circle, Suite 1000

Franklin, Tennessee 37067

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (615)861-6000

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common stock, $0.01 par value per share ACHC NASDAQ Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement 

On March 10, 2025, Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. (the Company), entered into an Indenture, dated as of March 10, 2025 (the Indenture), by and among the Company, the guarantors party thereto (the Guarantors) and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (the Trustee), in connection with the sale and issuance of $550 million aggregate principal amount of 7.375% Senior Notes due 2033 (the Notes) to J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and certain other initial purchasers in a private offering (the Offering) exempt from registration requirements under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) to qualified institutional buyers in the United States, as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act, and to certain non-U.S. persons outside the United States in offshore transactions pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities Act. 

The Company intends to use the proceeds from the Offering to prepay the outstanding borrowings under its existing senior secured revolving line of credit. 

The Notes will mature on March 15, 2033 and bear interest at a rate of 7.375% per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on March 15 and September 15 of each year, beginning on September 15, 2025. The Notes are the Companys senior unsecured obligations and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, on a senior unsecured basis by the Guarantors. 

The Company may redeem the Notes on or after March 15, 2028 at the redemption prices specified in the Indenture, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon, to, but excluding, the redemption date. In addition, the Company may redeem up to 40% of the Notes prior to March 15, 2028, with the net cash proceeds from certain equity offerings, at a redemption price equal to 107.375% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon, to, but excluding, the redemption date. The Company may also redeem some or all of the Notes prior to March 15, 2028 at a redemption price of 100% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon, to, but excluding, the redemption date, plus an applicable make-whole premium. 

The Indenture contains covenants that, subject to certain qualifications and exceptions, limit the Companys ability and the ability of its restricted subsidiaries to, among other things: (i) incur additional indebtedness; (ii) create liens; (iii) pay dividends or make distributions in respect of capital stock; (iv) purchase or redeem capital stock; (v) make investments or certain other restricted payments; (vi) sell assets; (vii) enter into transactions with stockholders or affiliates; and (viii) effect a consolidation or merger. The Indenture also provides for customary events of default (subject in certain cases to customary grace and cure periods), which include payment defaults, a failure to pay certain judgments and certain events of bankruptcy and insolvency. If on any date following the issue date the Notes are rated investment grade (as more fully described in the Indenture), certain covenants, including with respect to restrictions on dividends, restricted payments and incurrence of indebtedness, will be suspended (for so long as the Notes maintain such rating and no event of default has occurred and is continuing). 

Certain of the initial purchasers and their affiliates have engaged in, and may in the future engage in, investment banking and other commercial dealings in the ordinary course of business with the Company or the Companys affiliates. They have received, or may in the future receive, customary fees and commissions for these transactions. 

The descriptions of the Indenture and the Notes contained in this Current Report on Form 8-K are qualified in their entirety by reference to the complete text of the Indenture and the Notes, copies of which are filed as Exhibits 4.1 and 4.2 hereto, respectively, and are incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 2.03. 

Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation Under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant 

To the extent applicable, the information set forth in Item 1.01 above is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03. 

Item 8.01. 

Other Events

On March 5, 2025, the Company issued a press release to announce the launch of the Offering. A copy of the press release is filed hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated by reference herein. 

On March 6, 2025, the Company issued a press release to announce the pricing of the Notes. A copy of the press release is filed hereto as Exhibit 99.2 and is incorporated by reference herein. 

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Current Report on Form 8-K and the exhibits hereto contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including statements related to the Offering and the use of proceeds therefrom. Generally, words such as may, will, should, could, anticipate, expect, intend, estimate, plan, continue, and believe or the negative of or other variation on these and other similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are made only as of the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K. The Company does not undertake to update or revise the forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties, and the Companys future results could differ significantly from those expressed or implied by its forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially include, without limitation, (i) potential difficulties in successfully integrating the operations of acquired facilities or realizing the expected benefits and synergies of the Companys facility expansions, acquisitions, joint ventures and de novo transactions; (ii) the Companys ability to add beds, expand services, enhance marketing programs and improve efficiencies at its facilities; (iii) potential reductions in payments received by the Company from government and commercial payors; (iv) the occurrence of patient incidents, governmental investigations, litigation and adverse regulatory actions, which could adversely affect the price of the Companys common stock and result in substantial payments and incremental regulatory burdens; (v) the risk that the Company may not generate sufficient cash from operations to service its debt and meet its working capital and capital expenditure requirements; (vi) potential disruptions to the Companys information technology systems or a cybersecurity incident; (vii) potential operating difficulties, including, without limitation, disruption to the U.S. economy and financial markets; (viii) reduced admissions and patient volumes; (ix) increased costs relating to labor, supply chain and other expenditures; (x) changes in competition and patient preferences; and (xi) general economic or industry conditions that may prevent the Company from realizing the expected benefits of its business strategies. These factors and others are more fully described in the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 and subsequent periodic reports and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) 

Exhibits 

4.1 Indenture, dated March 10, 2025, by and among Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc., the guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee. 

4.2 Form of 7.375% Senior Note due 2033 (included as Exhibit A1 to Exhibit 4.1). 

99.1 Press Release of Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc., dated March 5, 2025.

99.2 Press Release of Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc., dated March 6, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

ACADIA HEALTHCARE COMPANY, INC.

By: 

/s/ Brian P. Farley

Brian P. Farley

Executive Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel

Date: March 10, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d923379dex41.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.1
<TEXT>
EX-4.1

Exhibit 4.1 

ACADIA HEALTHCARE COMPANY, INC. 

AND EACH OF THE GUARANTORS PARTY HERETO 

$550,000,000 

7.375% SENIOR NOTES
DUE 2033 

INDENTURE 

Dated as of
March 10, 2025 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 

as Trustee 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 

ARTICLE 1 DEFINITIONS AND INCORPORATION BY
REFERENCE 

Section 1.01. Definitions 1 

Section 1.02. Other Definitions 46 

Section 1.03. Inapplicability of Trust Indenture Act 47 

Section 1.04. Rules of Construction 47 

Section 1.05. Limited Condition Transactions 48 

ARTICLE 2 THE NOTES 

Section 2.01. Form and Dating 49 

Section 2.02. Execution and Authentication 51 

Section 2.03. Registrar and Paying Agent 51 

Section 2.04. Paying Agent to Hold Money in Trust 52 

Section 2.05. Holder Lists 52 

Section 2.06. Transfer and Exchange 52 

Section 2.07. Replacement Notes 66 

Section 2.08. Outstanding Notes 66 

Section 2.09. Treasury Notes 67 

Section 2.10. Temporary Notes 67 

Section 2.11. Cancellation 67 

Section 2.12. Defaulted Interest 67 

Section 2.13. CUSIP Numbers 68 

Section 2.14. Additional Notes 68 

ARTICLE 3 REDEMPTION AND PREPAYMENT 

Section 3.01. Notices to Trustee 69 

Section 3.02. Selection of Notes to Be Redeemed or Purchased 69 

Section 3.03. Notice of Redemption 69 

Section 3.04. Effect of Notice of Redemption 70 

Section 3.05. Deposit of Redemption or Purchase Price 71 

Section 3.06. Notes Redeemed or Purchased in Part 71 

Section 3.07. Optional Redemption 71 

Section 3.08. Mandatory Redemption 73 

Section 3.09. Offer to Purchase by Application of Excess Proceeds 73 

ARTICLE 4 COVENANTS 

Section 4.01. Payment of Notes 75 

Section 4.02. Maintenance of Office or Agency 75 

Section 4.03. Reports 76 

Section 4.04. Compliance Certificate 77 

Section 4.05. Taxes 77 

i 

Section 4.06. Stay, Extension and Usury Laws 78 

Section 4.07. Restricted Payments 78 

Section 4.08. Dividend and Other Payment Restrictions Affecting Restricted Subsidiaries 85 

Section 4.09. Incurrence of Indebtedness and Issuance of Preferred Stock 88 

Section 4.10. Asset Sales 95 

Section 4.11. Transactions with Affiliates 99 

Section 4.12. Liens 102 

Section 4.13. Corporate Existence 102 

Section 4.14. Offer to Repurchase Upon Change of Control 103 

Section 4.15. [Reserved] 105 

Section 4.16. Additional Note Guarantees 105 

Section 4.17. Designation of Restricted and Unrestricted Subsidiaries 106 

Section 4.18. Changes in Covenants When Notes Rated Investment Grade 106 

ARTICLE 5 SUCCESSORS 

Section 5.01. Merger, Consolidation or Sale of Assets 108 

Section 5.02. Successor Corporation Substituted 109 

ARTICLE 6 DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES 

Section 6.01. Events of Default 109 

Section 6.02. Acceleration 111 

Section 6.03. Other Remedies 113 

Section 6.04. Waiver of Past Defaults 113 

Section 6.05. Control by Majority 114 

Section 6.06. Limitation on Suits 114 

Section 6.07. Rights of Holders of Notes to Receive Payment 114 

Section 6.08. Collection Suit by Trustee 115 

Section 6.09. Restoration of Rights and Remedies 115 

Section 6.10. Trustee May File Proofs of Claim 115 

Section 6.11. Priorities 116 

Section 6.12. Undertaking for Costs 116 

ARTICLE 7 TRUSTEE 

Section 7.01. Duties of Trustee 116 

Section 7.02. Rights of Trustee 117 

Section 7.03. Individual Rights of Trustee 119 

Section 7.04. Trustees Disclaimer 119 

Section 7.05. Notice of Defaults 119 

Section 7.06. [Reserved] 120 

Section 7.07. Compensation and Indemnity 120 

Section 7.08. Replacement of Trustee 121 

Section 7.09. Successor Trustee by Merger, etc. 122 

Section 7.10. Eligibility; Disqualification 122 

ii 

ARTICLE 8 LEGAL DEFEASANCE AND COVENANT DEFEASANCE 

Section 8.01. Option to Effect Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance 122 

Section 8.02. Legal Defeasance and Discharge 122 

Section 8.03. Covenant Defeasance 123 

Section 8.04. Conditions to Legal or Covenant Defeasance 123 

Section 8.05. Deposited Money and Government Securities to be Held in Trust; Other Miscellaneous Provisions 125 

Section 8.06. Repayment to the Company 125 

Section 8.07. Reinstatement 126 

ARTICLE 9 AMENDMENT, SUPPLEMENT AND WAIVER 

Section 9.01. Without Consent of Holders of Notes 126 

Section 9.02. With Consent of Holders of Notes 127 

Section 9.03. [Reserved] 129 

Section 9.04. Revocation and Effect of Consents 129 

Section 9.05. Notation on or Exchange of Notes 129 

Section 9.06. Trustee to Sign Amendments, etc. 130 

ARTICLE 10 NOTE GUARANTEES 

Section 10.01. Guarantee 130 

Section 10.02. Limitation on Guarantor Liability 131 

Section 10.03. Execution and Delivery of Note Guarantee 131 

Section 10.04. Guarantors May Consolidate, etc., on Certain Terms 132 

Section 10.05. Releases 133 

ARTICLE 11 SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE 

Section 11.01. Satisfaction and Discharge 135 

Section 11.02. Application of Trust Money 136 

ARTICLE 12 MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 12.01. [Reserved] 137 

Section 12.02. Notices 137 

Section 12.03. [Reserved] 138 

Section 12.04. Certificate and Opinion as to Conditions Precedent 138 

Section 12.05. Statements Required in Certificate or Opinion 138 

Section 12.06. Rules by Trustee and Agents 139 

Section 12.07. No Personal Liability of Directors, Officers, Employees and Stockholders 139 

Section 12.08. Governing Law 139 

Section 12.09. No Adverse Interpretation of Other Agreements 139 

Section 12.10. Successors 139 

Section 12.11. Severability 140 

Section 12.12. Counterpart Originals 140 

Section 12.13. Table of Contents, Headings, etc. 140 

Section 12.14. Force Majeure 140 

Section 12.15. Waiver of Jury Trial 141 

iii 

Exhibit A1 

FORM OF NOTE

Exhibit A2 

FORM OF REGULATION S TEMPORARY GLOBAL NOTE

Exhibit B 

FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF TRANSFER

Exhibit C 

FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF EXCHANGE

Exhibit D 

FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF ACQUIRING INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTOR

Exhibit E 

FORM OF SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE

Exhibit F 

FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP

iv 

INDENTURE dated as of March 10, 2025 among Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the Company), the Guarantors (as defined) and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee. 

The Company, the Guarantors and the Trustee agree as follows for the benefit of each other and for the equal and ratable benefit of the
Holders (as defined) of the 7.375% Senior Notes due 2033 (the Notes): 

ARTICLE 1 

DEFINITIONS AND INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE 

Section 1.01. Definitions. 

144A Global Note means a Global Note substantially in the form of Exhibit A1 hereto bearing the Global Note Legend and
the Private Placement Legend and deposited with or on behalf of, and registered in the name of, the Depositary or its nominee that will be issued in a denomination equal to the outstanding principal amount of the Notes sold in reliance on Rule 144A.

Acquired Debt means, with respect to any specified Person: 

(1) Indebtedness of any other Person existing at the time such other Person is merged with or into or became a Subsidiary of
such specified Person, whether or not such Indebtedness is incurred in connection with, or in contemplation of, such other Person merging with or into, or becoming a Restricted Subsidiary of, such specified Person; provided, however,
that any Indebtedness of such acquired Person that is redeemed, defeased, retired or otherwise repaid at the time of or immediately upon consummation of the transactions by which such Person merges with or into or becomes a Subsidiary of such Person
shall not be considered to be Acquired Debt; and 

(2) Indebtedness secured by a Lien encumbering any asset acquired by such
specified Person. 

Acquired Debt shall be deemed to have been incurred, with respect to clause (1) of the preceding
sentence, on the date such Person becomes a Subsidiary or on the date of the relevant merger, amalgamation, consolidation, acquisition or other combination. 

Acquisition means the acquisition of the entire issued share capital of Priory Group No. 1 Limited, a company
incorporated in England and Wales, pursuant to the Sale and Purchase Deed dated as of December 31, 2015, as amended, by and among a number of subsidiaries indirectly held by certain funds managed and advised by Advent International Corporation
named therein, as institutional sellers, Appleby Trust (Jersey) Limited, a private limited liability company incorporated in Jersey, the management sellers named therein, and the Company and Whitewell UK Investments 1 Limited, a private limited
company registered in England and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. 

Additional Notes means additional Notes (other than the Initial Notes)
issued under this Indenture in accordance with Sections 2.02 and 4.09 hereof, as part of the same series as the Initial Notes. 

Affiliate of any specified Person means any other Person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by or under
direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For purposes of this definition, control, as used with respect to any Person, means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the
direction of the management or policies of such Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by agreement or otherwise. For purposes of this definition, the terms controlling, controlled by and
under common control with have correlative meanings. 

Agent means any Registrar, co-registrar, Paying Agent or additional paying agent. 

Applicable Premium means,
with respect to any Note on any redemption date, the greater of: 

(1) 1.0% of the principal amount of the Note; or 

(2) the excess of: (a) the present value at such redemption date of (i) the redemption price of the Note at
March 15, 2028 (such redemption price being set forth in the table appearing in Section 3.07 hereof) plus (ii) all required interest payments due on the Note through March 15, 2028 (excluding accrued but unpaid interest to
the redemption date), computed using a discount rate equal to the Treasury Rate as of such redemption date plus 50 basis points; over (b) the outstanding principal amount of the Note. 

Applicable Procedures means, with respect to any transfer or exchange of or for beneficial interests in any Global Note,
the rules and procedures of the Depositary, Euroclear and Clearstream that apply to such transfer or exchange. 

Asset
Sale means: 

(1) the voluntary sale, lease, conveyance or other disposition of any assets or property by the
Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (in each case other than Equity Interests of the Company); provided that the sale, lease, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its
Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole will be governed by Sections 4.14 and 5.01 hereof (and not by Section 4.10 hereof); and 

(2) the issuance of Equity Interests (other than directors qualifying shares or shares or interests required to be held
by foreign nationals or third parties to the extent required by applicable law or any Preferred Stock or Disqualified Stock of a Restricted Subsidiary of the Company issued in compliance with Section 4.09 hereof) by any of the Companys
Restricted Subsidiaries or the sale by the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of Equity Interests in any of the Companys Restricted Subsidiaries. 

2 

Notwithstanding the preceding, none of the following items will be deemed to be an Asset
Sale: 

(1) any single transaction that involves assets or Equity Interests having a Fair Market Value of less than
$10.0 million; 

(2) a transfer of assets between or among the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries, including
pursuant to any Intercompany License Agreement; 

(3) an issuance or sale of Equity Interests by a Restricted Subsidiary of
the Company to the Company or to another Restricted Subsidiary of the Company or as part of or pursuant to an equity incentive or compensation plan approved by the Board of Directors of the Company; 

(4) the sale, lease or other transfer of products, inventory, services, goods, accounts receivable or other assets in the
ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice, the discount or forgiveness of accounts receivable in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice in connection with the collection or compromise thereof, the
disposition of business not comprising the disposition of an entire line of business and any sale or other disposition of surplus, damaged, worn-out, uneconomic,
non-core or obsolete assets in the ordinary course of business (including the abandonment or other disposition of intellectual property that is, in the reasonable judgment of the Company, no longer
economically practicable or commercially reasonable to maintain or useful in any material respect, taken as a whole, in the conduct of the business of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries taken as whole) or consistent with past practice; 

(5) conveyances, sales, transfers, licenses, sublicenses, cross-licenses or other
dispositions by the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of software or intellectual property or other general intangibles; 

(6) any surrender, termination or waiver of contract rights or settlement, release, recovery on or surrender of contract, tort
or other claims in the ordinary course of business; 

(7) the granting of Liens not prohibited by Section 4.12 hereof
and dispositions in connection with Permitted Intercompany Activities, Permitted Tax Restructuring and related transactions; 

(8) the sale or other disposition of cash or Cash Equivalents or Investment Grade Securities; 

(9) a Restricted Payment that does not violate Section 4.07 hereof or a Permitted Investment; 

(10) leases and subleases and licenses and sublicenses by the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of real or personal
property in the ordinary course of business or consistent with industry practice; 

3 

(11) any liquidation or dissolution of a Restricted Subsidiary; provided
that such Restricted Subsidiarys direct parent is also either the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Company and immediately becomes the owner of such Restricted Subsidiarys assets; 

(12) the granting of any option or other right to purchase, lease or otherwise acquire inventory and delinquent accounts
receivable in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice; 

(13) any issuance or sale of or any other
disposition of Equity Interests in, or Indebtedness or other securities of, an Unrestricted Subsidiary; 

(14) any exchange
of assets for assets (including a combination of assets and Cash Equivalents) related to a Permitted Business of comparable or greater market value or usefulness to the business of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries as a whole, as
determined in good faith by the Company; 

(15) the sale, transfer, termination or other disposition of Hedging Obligations
or under any Treasury Management Arrangement incurred in compliance with this Indenture; 

(16) sales of assets received by
the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries upon the foreclosure on a Lien; 

(17) any
trade-in of equipment by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary of the Company in exchange for other equipment; provided that in the good faith judgment of the Company, the Company or such Restricted
Subsidiary receives equipment having a Fair Market Value equal or greater than the equipment being traded in; 

(18) the
transfer, sale or other disposition resulting from any involuntary loss of title, involuntary loss or damage to or destruction of, or any condemnation or other taking of, any property or assets of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary; 

(19) transactions permitted under Section 5.01 hereof or a transaction that constitutes a Change of Control; 

(20) any financing transaction with respect to property constructed, acquired, leased, renewed, relocated, expanded, replaced,
repaired, maintained, upgraded or improved (including any reconstruction, refurbishment, renovation and/or development of real property) by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary after the Issue Date, including Sale and Leaseback Transactions and
asset securitizations, permitted by this Indenture; 

(21) sales, transfers or other dispositions of Investments in joint
ventures or similar entities to the extent required by, or made pursuant to customary buy/sell arrangements between, the parties set forth in joint venture arrangements and similar binding arrangements; 

4 

(22) the disposition of any assets (including Capital Stock) made in
connection with the approval of any applicable antitrust authority or otherwise necessary or advisable in the reasonable determination of the Company to consummate any acquisition; and 

(23) any disposition of Securitization Assets in connection with a Qualified Securitization Financing. 

In the event that a transaction (or any portion thereof) meets the criteria of a permitted Asset Sale and would also be a
Permitted Investment or an Investment permitted under Section 4.07 hereof, the Company, in its sole discretion, will be entitled to divide and classify such transaction (or a portion thereof) as an Asset Sale and/or one or more of the types of
Permitted Investments or Investments permitted under Section 4.07 hereof. 

Associate means (i) any Person
engaged in a Permitted Business of which the Company or its Restricted Subsidiaries are the legal and Beneficial Owners of between 20% and 50% of all outstanding Voting Stock and (ii) any joint venture entered into by the Company or any
Restricted Subsidiary. 

Bankruptcy Law means Title 11, U.S. Code or any similar federal or state law for the relief of
debtors. 

Beneficial Owner has the meaning assigned to such term in Rule 13d-3
and Rule 13d-5 under the Exchange Act as in effect on the Issue Date; provided that the right to acquire Voting Stock (so long as such Person does not have the right to direct the voting of the Voting
Stock subject to such right) or any veto power in connection with the acquisition or disposition of Voting Stock will not cause a party to be a beneficial owner. The terms Beneficially Owns and Beneficially
Owned have a corresponding meaning. 

Board of Directors means: 

(1) with respect to a corporation, the board of directors of the corporation or any committee thereof duly authorized to act on
behalf of such board; 

(2) with respect to a partnership, the board of directors of the general partner of the partnership
or any committee thereof duly authorized to act on behalf of such board; 

(3) with respect to a limited liability company,
the managing member or members or any controlling committee of managing members thereof; and 

(4) with respect to any other
Person, the board or committee of such Person serving a similar function. 

Whenever any provision requires any action or
determination to be made by, or any approval of, a Board of Directors, such action, determination or approval shall be deemed to have been taken or made if approved by a majority of the directors on any such Board of Directors (whether or not such
action or approval is taken as part of a formal board meeting or as a formal board approval). Unless the context requires otherwise, Board of Directors means the Board of Directors of the Company. 

5 

Business Day means any day other than a Legal Holiday. 

Capital Lease Obligation means, at the time any determination is to be made, the amount of the liability in respect of a
capital lease that would at that time be required to be capitalized on a balance sheet prepared in accordance with GAAP, and the Stated Maturity thereof shall be the date of the last payment of rent or any other amount due under such lease prior to
the first date upon which such lease may be prepaid by the lessee without payment of a penalty. 

Capital Stock means:

(1) in the case of a corporation, corporate stock; 

(2) in the case of an association or business entity, any and all shares, interests, participations, rights or other
equivalents (however designated) of corporate stock; 

(3) in the case of a partnership or limited liability company,
partnership interests (whether general or limited) or membership interests; and 

(4) any other interest or participation
that confers on a Person the right to receive a share of the profits and losses of, or distributions of assets of, the issuing Person, but excluding from all of the foregoing any debt securities convertible into Capital Stock, whether or not such
debt securities include any right of participation with Capital Stock. 

Cash Equivalents means: 

(1) United States dollars, pounds sterling, euros, the national currency of any participating member state of the European
Union or, in the case of any Foreign Subsidiary, such local currencies held by it from time to time in the ordinary course of business; 

(2) readily marketable direct obligations of any member of the European Economic Area, Switzerland, or Japan, or any agency or
instrumentality thereof or obligations unconditionally guaranteed by the full faith and credit of such country, and, at the time of acquisition thereof, having a credit rating of at least AA- (or the
equivalent grade) by Moodys or Aa3 by S&P; 

(3) marketable general obligations issued by any state of the United
States or any political subdivision thereof or any instrumentality thereof that are guaranteed by the full faith and credit of such state, at the time of acquisition thereof, having a credit rating of at least
AA- (or the equivalent grade) by Moodys or Aa3 by S&P; 

6 

(4) securities or any other evidence of Indebtedness or readily marketable
direct obligations issued or directly and fully guaranteed or insured by the United States government or any agency or instrumentality of the United States government (provided that the full faith and credit of the United States is pledged in
support of those securities), having maturities of not more than 12 months from the date of acquisition; 

(5) certificates
of deposit and eurodollar time deposits with maturities of 12 months or less from the date of acquisition, bankers acceptances with maturities not exceeding 12 months and overnight bank deposits, in each case, with any lender party to the
Credit Agreement or with any domestic commercial bank having capital and surplus in excess of $500.0 million; 

(6)
repurchase obligations for underlying securities of the types described in clauses (4) and (5) above entered into with any financial institution meeting the qualifications specified in clause (5) above; 

(7) commercial paper having one of the two highest ratings obtainable from Moodys or S&P and, in each case, maturing
within 12 months after the date of acquisition; and 

(8) money market funds at least 95% of the assets of which constitute
Cash Equivalents of the kinds described in clauses (1) through (7) of this definition. 

Change of Control means
the occurrence of any of the following: 

(1) the direct or indirect sale, lease, transfer, conveyance or other disposition
(other than by way of merger or consolidation), in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the properties or assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole to any Person (including any person
(as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act)) other than the Permitted Holders; or 

(2) the Company
becomes aware of (by way of a report or any other filing pursuant to Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act, proxy, vote, written notice or otherwise) the consummation of any transaction (including, without limitation, any merger or consolidation),
the result of which is that any person (as defined above) other than the Permitted Holders or a parent entity becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the total voting power of the Voting Stock of the
Company, measured by voting power rather than number of shares; provided that any Voting Stock of which any Permitted Holder is the Beneficial Owner shall not in any case be included in any Voting Stock of which any such Person is the
Beneficial Owner. 

Notwithstanding the preceding or any provision of
Section 13d-3 of the Exchange Act, (i) a Person or group shall not be deemed to Beneficially Own Voting Stock subject to a stock or asset purchase agreement, merger agreement, option agreement,
warrant agreement or similar agreement (or voting or option or similar agreement related thereto) until the consummation of the acquisition of the Voting Stock in connection with the transactions contemplated by such agreement, (ii) a Person or
group will not be deemed to Beneficially Own the Voting Stock of another Person as a result of its ownership of 

7 

Voting Stock or other securities of such other Persons parent entity (or related contractual rights) unless it owns 50% or more of the total voting power of the Voting Stock entitled to
vote for the election of directors of such parent entity having a majority of the aggregate votes on the board of directors (or similar body) of such parent entity and (iii) the right to acquire Voting Stock (so long as such Person does not
have the right to direct the voting of the Voting Stock subject to such right) or any veto power in connection with the acquisition or disposition of Voting Stock will not cause a party to be a Beneficial Owner. 

Clearstream means Clearstream Banking, S.A. 

Consolidated EBITDA means, with respect to any specified Person for any period, the Consolidated Net Income of such Person
for such period plus, without duplication: 

(1) provision for taxes based on income, profits, revenue or capital
(including state franchise taxes and similar taxes in the nature of income tax) of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period, franchise taxes and foreign withholding taxes and including an amount equal to the tax distributions
actually made to the holders of the Capital Stock of such Person or any direct or indirect parent of such Person in respect of such period in accordance with clause (3) of the definition of Permitted Payments to Parent, as though
such amounts had been paid as income taxes directly by such Person, in each case, to the extent that such provision for taxes was deducted in computing such Consolidated Net Income; plus

(2) the consolidated depreciation and amortization expense of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period
(including amortization of intangibles, deferred financing fees, debt issuance costs, commissions, fees and expenses), to the extent such expenses were deducted in computing such Consolidated Net Income; plus

(3) the Fixed Charges of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period, to the extent that such Fixed Charges
were deducted in computing such Consolidated Net Income; plus

(4) any other consolidated non-cash charges of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period, to the extent that such consolidated non-cash charges were included in computing such
Consolidated Net Income; provided that if any such non-cash charge represents an accrual or reserve for anticipated cash charges in future period, the cash payment in respect thereof in such future
period shall be subtracted from Consolidated EBITDA to such extent, and excluding amortization of a prepaid cash item that was paid in a prior period; plus

(5) any expenses in connection with earn-out,non-compete and contingent consideration obligations of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period, to the extent that such expenses were deducted in computing such Consolidated Net Income;
plus

8 

(6) losses in respect of
post-retirement benefits of such Person, as a result of the application of ASC 715, CompensationRetirement Benefits, to the extent that such losses were deducted in computing such Consolidated Net
Income; plus

(7) any proceeds from business interruption insurance received by such Person during such period, to
the extent the associated losses arising out of the event that resulted in the payment of such business interruption insurance proceeds were included in computing Consolidated Net Income; plus

(8) any expense to the extent that a corresponding amount is received during such period in cash by the Company or any
Restricted Subsidiary under any agreement providing for indemnification or reimbursement of such expense; plus

(9)
(a) the non-cash portion of rent expenses minus (b) the cash portion of rent expense which exceeds the amount expensed in respect of such rent expense, except for the impact of landlord
construction allowance amortization; plus

(10) any losses due to the application of FAS 160, Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Financial Statements, to the extent that such losses were deducted in computing such Consolidated Net Income; plus

(11) Pro Forma Cost Savings, which will be added to Consolidated EBITDA as so projected until fully realized and calculated on
a pro forma basis as though such Pro Forma Costa Savings had been realized on the first day of such period, net of the amount of actual benefits realized prior to or during such period from such actions; plus

(12) cash receipts (or any netting arrangements resulting in reduced cash expenditures) not representing Consolidated EBITDA or
Consolidated Net Income in any period to the extent non-cash gains relating to such income were deducted in the calculation of Consolidated EBITDA pursuant to clause (18) of this definition for any
previous period and not added back; plus

(13) any net loss included in the Consolidated Net Income attributable to non-controlling or minority interests pursuant to the application of Accounting Standards Codification Topic 810-10-45;plus

(14) (i) unrealized or realized foreign exchange losses resulting from the impact of foreign currency changes and
(ii) gains and losses due solely to fluctuations in currency values and related tax effects determined in accordance with GAAP; plus

(15) rent expense as determined in accordance with GAAP not actually paid in cash during such period (net of rent expense paid
in cash during such period over and above rent expense as determined in accordance with GAAP); plus

(16) with
respect to any joint venture, an amount equal to the proportion of those items described in clauses (1) and (2) of this definition relating to such joint venture corresponding to the Companys and its Restricted Subsidiaries
proportionate share of such joint ventures Consolidated Net Income (determined as if such joint venture were a Restricted Subsidiary) to the extent deducted (and not added back) in computing Consolidated Net Income; plus

9 

(17) cash expenses actually incurred in connection with restructuring
activities (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall include, without duplication, discontinued operations, retention, severance, systems establishment costs, excess pension charges, contract termination costs and costs to consolidate facilities and
relocate employees) and fees and costs relating to acquisitions, Investments and dispositions, issuances or incurrences of Indebtedness, issuances of Equity Interests, modifications of instruments of Indebtedness, or the early extinguishment or
conversion of Indebtedness (including deferred financing expenses written off and premiums paid); plus

(18) without
duplication, any extraordinary, unusual or non-recurring cash losses, expenses or other charges; minus

(19) the amount of any gain in respect of post-retirement benefits as a result of the
application of ASC 715, CompensationRetirement Benefits, to the extent such gains were taken into account in computing such Consolidated Net Income; minus

(20) non-cash gains increasing such Consolidated Net Income for such period, other than
the accrual of revenue in the ordinary course of business and other than reversals of an accrual or reserve for a potential cash item that reduced Consolidated EBITDA in any prior period, in each case, on a consolidated basis and determined in
accordance with GAAP. 

Consolidated Net Income means, with respect to any specified Person for any period, the
aggregate of the net income (loss) of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period, on a consolidated basis, determined in accordance with GAAP and without any reduction in respect of Preferred Stock dividends; provided that:

(1) any after-tax effect of all extraordinary, nonrecurring or unusual gains or
losses or income or expenses (including any financial advisory fees, accounting fees, legal fees and other similar advisory and consulting fees (including Management Services Termination Fees), management fees, transaction fees and expenses incurred
as a result of the Acquisition, the CRC Merger, the PiC Transaction and the Transactions and any amortization thereafter) or any restructuring charges or reserves, including, without limitation, any expenses related to any reconstruction,
recommissioning or reconfiguration of fixed assets for alternate uses, retention, severance, system establishment cost, contract termination costs, costs to consolidate or close facilities and relocate employees and integration costs will be
excluded; 

(2) any fees, expenses, costs or charges incurred, or any amortization thereof for such period, in connection
with (a) any actual, proposed or contemplated Equity Offering, Permitted Investment, acquisition, disposition, recapitalization or incurrence or repayment of Indebtedness permitted under this Indenture, including a refinancing thereof (in each
case whether or not successful and including any such transaction consummated prior to the Issue Date) (including any such costs and charges incurred in 

10 

connection with the Acquisition, the CRC Merger, the PiC Transaction and the Transactions), and all gains and losses realized in connection with any business disposition or any disposition of
assets outside the ordinary course of business or the disposition of securities or the early extinguishment, conversion or cancellation of Indebtedness or Hedging Obligations or other derivative instruments (including deferred financing costs
written off, premiums paid or other expenses incurred), together with any related provision for taxes on any such gain, loss, income or expense and (b) complying with the requirements under, or making elections permitted by, the documentation
governing any Indebtedness will be excluded; 

(3) the net income (or loss) of any Person that is not a Restricted
Subsidiary or that is accounted for by the equity method of accounting will be excluded, provided that the income of such Person will be included to the extent of the amount of dividends or similar distributions paid in cash (or converted to
cash) to the specified Person or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Person; 

(4) the net income (or loss) of any Person and its
Restricted Subsidiaries will be calculated without deducting the income attributed to, or adding the losses attributed to, the minority equity interests of third parties in any non-Wholly Owned Restricted
Subsidiary except to the extent of the dividends paid in cash (or convertible into cash) to the referent Person or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries during such period on the shares of Capital Stock of such Restricted Subsidiary held by such third
parties; 

(5) solely for the purpose of Section 4.07 hereof, the net income (loss) of any Restricted Subsidiary (other
than a Guarantor) will be excluded to the extent that the declaration or payment of dividends or similar distributions by that Restricted Subsidiary of that net income is not at the date of determination permitted without any prior governmental
approval (that has not been obtained) or, directly or indirectly, by operation of the terms of its charter or any agreement, instrument, judgment, decree, order, statute, rule or governmental regulation applicable to that Restricted Subsidiary or
its stockholders, unless such restrictions with respect to the payment of dividends or similar distributions have been legally waived; provided that the Consolidated Net Income of such Person will be increased by the amount of dividends or
distributions or other payments actually paid in cash (or converted to cash) by any such Restricted Subsidiary to such Person or another Restricted Subsidiary of such Person in respect of such period, to the extent not already included therein; 

(6) subject to the last paragraph of the definition of GAAP, the cumulative effect of a change in accounting
principles and changes as a result of the adoption or modification of accounting policies during such period (including any impact resulting from an election by the Company to apply IFRS or other Accounting Changes) will be excluded; 

(7) (a) any non-cash expenses resulting from the grant or periodic remeasurement of
stock options, restricted stock grants or other equity incentive programs (including any stock appreciation and similar rights), (b) any costs or expenses incurred pursuant to any management equity plan or stock option plan or other

11 

management or employee benefit plan or agreement or any stock subscription or shareholder agreement, to the extent, in the case of clause (b), that such costs or expenses are funded with cash
proceeds contributed to the common equity capital of the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Company, (c) any non-cash losses realized in such period in connection with adjustments to any employee
benefit plan due to changes in estimates, actuarial assumptions, valuations, studies or judgments or non-cash compensation expense resulting from the application of Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718,
CompensationStock Compensation or Accounting Standards Codification Topic 505-50,Equity-Based Payments to Non-Employees
(or any successor provisions) and (d) any net pension or post-employment benefit costs representing amortization of unrecognized prior service costs, actuarial losses, amortization of such amounts arising
in prior periods, amortization of the unrecognized obligation (and loss or cost) existing at the date of initial application of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 87, 106 and 112, and any other item of a similar nature, will be
excluded; 

(8) the effect of any non-cash impairment charges or write-ups,write-downs or write-offs of assets or liabilities resulting from the application of GAAP and the amortization of
intangibles arising from the application of GAAP, including pursuant to ASC 805, Business Combinations, ASC 350, Intangibles Goodwill and Other, or ASC 360, Property, Plant and Equipment, as applicable, will be excluded;

(9) any net after-tax income or loss from disposed, abandoned or discontinued
operations and any net after-tax gains or losses on disposed, abandoned or discontinued, transferred or closed operations will be excluded; 

(10) any increase in amortization or depreciation, or effect of any adjustments to inventory, property, plant or equipment,
software, goodwill and other intangibles, debt line items, deferred revenue or rent expense, any one time cash charges or other effects, in each case, resulting from the application of acquisition method accounting, recapitalization accounting or
purchase accounting, as the case may be, in connection with the Transactions or any other acquisition prior to or following the Existing 2018 Notes Issue Date will be excluded; 

(11) an amount equal to the tax distributions actually made to the holders of the Capital Stock of such Person or any direct or
indirect parent of such Person in respect of such period in accordance with clause (3) of the definition of Permitted Payments to Parent will be included as though such amounts had been paid as income taxes directly by such Person
for such period; 

(12) any net gain or loss from Hedging Obligations or in connection with the early extinguishment of
Hedging Obligations (including of ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging) or any ineffectiveness recognized in earnings related to hedge transactions or the fair value of changes therein recognized in earnings for derivatives that do not qualify as
hedge transactions shall be excluded; 

12 

(13) (a) accruals and reserves (including contingent liabilities) that are
established or adjusted as a result of the Transactions in accordance with GAAP or within 24 months after the closing of any acquisition or disposition that are so required to be established or adjusted as a result of such acquisition or disposition
in accordance with GAAP, or changes as a result of adoption or modification of accounting policies shall be excluded and (b) earn-out,non-compete and contingent
consideration obligations (including to the extent accounted for as bonuses or otherwise) and adjustments thereof and purchase price adjustments; 

(14) any unrealized or realized gain or loss resulting in such period from currency translation increases or decreases or
transaction gains or losses, including those related to currency remeasurements of Indebtedness (including any net loss or gain resulting from Hedging Obligations for currency risk), intercompany balances, other balance sheet items, Hedging
Obligations or other obligations of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary owing to the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary and any other realized or unrealized foreign exchange gains or losses relating to the translation of assets and
liabilities denominated in foreign currencies will be excluded; and 

(15) any unrealized or realized income (loss) or non-cash expense attributable to movement in mark-to-market valuation of foreign currencies, Indebtedness or derivative instruments
pursuant to GAAP will be excluded. 

In addition, to the extent not already excluded (or included, as applicable) in the
Consolidated Net Income of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing, Consolidated Net Income shall be increased by the amount of: (i) any expenses, charges or losses that are
reimbursed by indemnification or other reimbursement provisions in connection with any investment or any sale, conveyance, transfer or other disposition of assets permitted hereunder, or, so long as the Company has made a determination that there
exists reasonable evidence that such amount will in fact be reimbursed within 365 days of the date of such evidence (net of any amount so added back in a prior period to the extent not so reimbursed within the applicable 365-day period), (ii) to the extent covered by insurance (including business interruption insurance) and actually reimbursed, or, so long as the Company has made a determination that there exists reasonable evidence
that such amount will in fact be reimbursed by the insurer and only to the extent that such amount is in fact reimbursed within 365 days of the date of such evidence (net of any amount so added back in a prior period to the extent not so reimbursed
within the applicable 365-day period), expenses, charges or losses with respect to liability or business interruption and (iii) the amount of distributions actually made to any direct or indirect parent
entity of such Person in respect of such period in accordance with clause 3 of the definition of Permitted Payments to Parent as though such amounts had been paid as taxes directly by such Person for such periods. 

Continuing means, with respect to any Default or Event of Default, that such Default or Event of Default has not been cured
or waived. 

Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee will be at the address of the Trustee specified in Section 12.02
hereof or such other address as to which the Trustee may give notice to the Company. 

13 

CRC Merger means the transaction pursuant to the agreement and plan of
merger dated as of October 29, 2014 with a wholly owned Subsidiary of the Company and CRC Health Group, Inc. pursuant to which, among other things, such subsidiary of the Company was merged with and into CRC Health Group, Inc. with CRC Health
Group, Inc. surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 

Credit Agreement means that certain Credit
Agreement, dated as of February 28, 2025, as amended on or prior to the Issue Date, among Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc., its subsidiaries identified therein, the lenders identified therein and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative
agent, swing line lender and L/C issuer, and including any related notes, Guarantees, collateral documents, mortgages, instruments and agreements executed in connection therewith, and, in each case, as further amended, restated, modified, renewed,
extended, refunded, replaced in any manner (whether upon or after termination or otherwise) or refinanced (including by means of sales of debt securities to investors) in whole or in part from time to time, in one or more agreements or indentures
(in each case with the same or new agents, lenders or investors), including any agreement adding or changing the borrower or any guarantor or extending the maturity thereof or otherwise restructuring all or any portion of the Indebtedness
thereunder, restructuring lien priorities, increasing the amount loaned or issued thereunder or changing the obligations secured or altering the maturity thereof. 

Credit Facilities means (a) one or more debt facilities (including, without limitation, the Credit Agreement) or
commercial paper facilities, in each case, with banks or other institutional lenders providing for revolving credit loans, term loans, receivables financing (including through the sale of receivables to such lenders or to special purpose entities
formed to borrow from such lenders against such receivables) or letters of credit, (b) debt securities, indentures, bonds, notes or other forms of debt financing (including convertible or exchangeable debt instruments or bank guarantees or
bankers acceptances) sold to investors, or (c) instruments or agreements evidencing any other Indebtedness, in each case with banks or other lenders or investors (including without limitation, any private equity fund) and, in each case,
with the same or different borrowers or issuers and, in each case, as amended, supplemented, modified, extended, restructured, renewed, refinanced, restated, replaced or refunded in whole or in part from time to time, in one or more agreements or
indentures (in each case with the same or new agents, lenders or investors), including any agreement adding or changing the borrower or any guarantor or extending the maturity thereof or otherwise restructuring all or any portion of the Indebtedness
thereunder, restructuring lien priorities, increasing the amount loaned or issued thereunder or changing the obligations secured or altering the maturity thereof. 

Custodian means the Trustee, as custodian with respect to the Notes in global form, or any successor entity thereto. 

Default means any event that is, or with the passage of time or the giving of notice or both would be, an Event of Default;
provided that any Default that results solely from the taking of an action that would have been permitted but for the continuation of a previous Default will be deemed to be cured if such previous Default is cured prior to becoming an Event
of Default. 

Definitive Note means a certificated Note registered in the name of the Holder thereof and issued in
accordance with Section 2.06 hereof, substantially in the form of Exhibit A1 hereto except that such Note shall not bear the Global Note Legend and shall not have the Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note
attached thereto. 

14 

Depositary means, with respect to the Notes issuable or issued in whole
or in part in global form, the Person specified in Section 2.03 hereof as the Depositary with respect to the Notes, and any and all successors thereto appointed as depositary hereunder and having become such pursuant to the applicable provision
of this Indenture. 

Derivative Instrument with respect to a Person, means any contract, instrument or other right to
receive payment or delivery of cash or other assets to which such Person or any Affiliate of such Person that is acting in concert with such Person in connection with such Persons investment in the notes (other than a Screened Affiliate) is a
party (whether or not requiring further performance by such Person), the value and/or cash flows of which (or any material portion thereof) are materially affected by the value and/or performance of the notes and/or the creditworthiness of the
Company and/or any one or more of the Guarantors (the Performance References). 

Designated Non-cash Consideration means the Fair Market Value of non-cash consideration received by the Company or one of its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with an Asset
Sale that is so designated as Designated Non-cash Consideration pursuant to an Officers Certificate, setting forth the basis of such valuation, less the amount of Cash Equivalents received in connection
with a subsequent sale of such Designated Non-cash Consideration. 

Designated Preferred
Stock means Preferred Stock of the Company or any direct or indirect parent of the Company (other than Disqualified Stock) that is issued for cash (other than to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or an employee stock plan or trust
established by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries) and is so designated as Designated Preferred Stock, pursuant to an Officers Certificate, on the date of issuance thereof, the cash proceeds of which are excluded from the calculation set
forth in clause (z)(B) of Section 4.07(a) hereof. 

Disinterested Director means, with respect to any Affiliate
Transaction, a member of the Board of Directors having no material direct or indirect financial interest in or with respect to such Affiliate Transaction. A member of the Board of Directors shall be deemed not to have such a financial interest by
reason of such members holding Capital Stock of the Company or any options, warrants or other rights in respect of such Capital Stock. 

Disqualified Stock means any Capital Stock that, by its terms (or by the terms of any security into which it is
convertible, or for which it is exchangeable, in each case, at the option of the holder of the Capital Stock), or upon the happening of any event, matures or is mandatorily redeemable, pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, or is
redeemable at the option of the holder of the Capital Stock, in whole or in part, on or prior to the date that is 91 days after the date on which the Notes mature; provided that (1) only the portion of Capital Stock which so matures or
is mandatorily redeemable, is so convertible or exchangeable or is so redeemable at the option of the holder thereof prior to such date will be deemed to be Disqualified Stock; (2) if such Capital Stock is issued to any employee or to any plan
for the benefit of employees of the Company, any direct or indirect parent of the Company or the Companys Restricted 

15 

Subsidiaries or by any such plan to such employees, such Capital Stock will not constitute Disqualified Stock solely because it may be required to be repurchased by the Company in order to
satisfy applicable statutory or regulatory obligations or as a result of such employees termination, death or disability; and (3) any class of Capital Stock of such Person that by its terms authorizes such Person to satisfy its
obligations thereunder by delivery of Capital Stock that is not Disqualified Stock will not be deemed to be Disqualified Stock. 

Domestic Subsidiary means any Restricted Subsidiary of the Company that was formed under the laws of the United States or
any state of the United States or the District of Columbia. 

DTC means The Depository Trust Company or any successor
securities clearing agency. 

Equity Interests means Capital Stock and all warrants, options or other rights to acquire
Capital Stock (but excluding any debt security that is convertible into, or exchangeable for, Capital Stock). 

Equity
Offering means (x) a public or private sale either (1) of Equity Interests of the Company by the Company (other than Disqualified Stock and other than to a Subsidiary of the Company or any direct or indirect parent of the
Company) or (2) of Equity Interests of a direct or indirect parent of the Company (other than to the Company, a Subsidiary of the Company or any direct or indirect parent of the Company), in each case other than public offerings with respect to
the Companys or any direct or indirect parent companys common stock required to be registered on Form S-8 (or any successor form) under the Securities Act or (y) a cash equity contribution to
the Company. 

Euroclear means Euroclear Bank, S.A./N.V., as operator of the Euroclear system. 

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

Existing 2018 Notes means the Companys 12.875% Senior Notes due 2018, which have previously been paid in full. 

Existing 2018 Notes Issue Date means November 1, 2011. 

Existing Indebtedness means all Indebtedness of the Company and its Subsidiaries (other than Indebtedness under the Credit
Agreement), including any Guarantees thereof, in existence on the Issue Date. 

Existing Notes means the Companys
outstanding 5.500% Senior Notes due 2028 and 5.000% Senior Notes due 2029. 

Fair Market Value means the value (which,
for the avoidance of doubt, will take into account any liabilities, contingent or otherwise, associated with related assets) that would be paid by a willing buyer to an unaffiliated willing seller in an arms length transaction, determined in
good faith by the Board of Directors of the Company (unless otherwise provided in this Indenture) or by an officer established by means of an Officers Certificate. 

16 

Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio means with respect to any specified Person
for any period, the ratio of the Consolidated EBITDA of such Person for such period to the Fixed Charges of such Person for such period. In the event that the specified Person or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries incurs, assumes, Guarantees,
repays, repurchases, redeems, defeases or otherwise discharges any Indebtedness (other than in the case of revolving credit borrowings, in which case interest expense will be computed based upon the average daily balance of such Indebtedness during
the applicable period (unless such Indebtedness has been permanently repaid and has not been replaced)), has caused any Reserved Indebtedness Amount to be deemed to be incurred during such period or issues, repurchases or redeems Preferred Stock
subsequent to the commencement of the period for which the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio is being calculated and on or prior to the date on which the event for which the calculation of the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio is made (the Calculation
Date), then the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio will be calculated giving pro forma effect (as determined in good faith by the Company, as certified in an Officers Certificate delivered to the Trustee) to such incurrence, assumption,
Guarantee, repayment, repurchase, redemption, defeasance or other discharge of Indebtedness, or such issuance, repurchase or redemption of Preferred Stock, and the use of the proceeds therefrom, as if the same had occurred at the beginning of the
applicable four-quarter reference period. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in the
event an item of Indebtedness (or any portion thereof) is incurred or issued, any Lien is incurred or other transaction is undertaken in reliance on any ratio based exceptions, thresholds and baskets, such ratio(s) shall be calculated with respect
to such incurrence, issuance or other transaction without giving effect to amounts being utilized under any other exceptions, thresholds or baskets (other than ratio based baskets) on the same date. Each item of Indebtedness that is incurred or
issued, each Lien incurred and each other transaction undertaken will be deemed to have been incurred, issued or taken first, to the extent available, pursuant to the relevant ratio based test. 

Any calculation or measure that is determined with reference to the Companys financial statements (including Consolidated EBITDA,
consolidated interest expense, Consolidated Net Income, Fixed Charges, Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, the Total Leverage Ratio and Secured Leverage Ratio) may be determined with reference to the financial statements of a direct or indirect parent
entity, so long as such parent entity does not hold any material assets other than, directly or indirectly, the Capital Stock of the Company. 

For purposes of making the computations referred to above, if Investments, acquisitions, dispositions, mergers, consolidations and
discontinued operations (as determined in accordance with GAAP) are made after the Issue Date and during the four-quarter reference period or subsequent to such reference period and on or prior to or
simultaneously with the Calculation Date (each, for purposes of this definition, a pro forma event), then the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio will be calculated on a pro forma basis assuming that all such Investments, acquisitions,
dispositions, mergers, consolidations, discontinued operations and operational changes (and the change of any associated fixed charge obligations and the change in Consolidated EBITDA resulting therefrom) had occurred on the first day of the four-quarter reference period. If since the beginning of such period any Person that subsequently became a Restricted Subsidiary of the Company or was merged with or into the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary of
the Company since the beginning of such period will have made or effected any Investment, acquisition, 

17 

disposition, merger, consolidation or discontinued operation, then the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio will be calculated giving pro forma effect thereto for such period as if such Investment,
acquisition, disposition, merger, consolidation, discontinued operation, or operational change had occurred at the beginning of the applicable four-quarter period. 

For purposes of this definition, whenever pro forma effect is to be given to any pro forma event, the pro forma calculations will be made in
good faith by a responsible financial or accounting officer of the Company. If any Indebtedness bears a floating rate of interest and is being given pro forma effect, the interest on such Indebtedness will be calculated as if the rate in effect on
the Calculation Date had been the applicable rate for the entire period (taking into account any Hedging Obligations applicable to such Indebtedness if such Hedging Obligations have a remaining term in excess of 12 months as of the Calculation
Date). For purposes of this definition, interest on a Capital Lease Obligation will be deemed to accrue at an interest rate reasonably determined by a responsible financial or accounting officer of the Company to be the rate of interest implicit in
such Capital Lease Obligation in accordance with GAAP. For purposes of making the computation referred to above, interest on any Indebtedness under a revolving credit facility computed on a pro forma basis will be computed based upon the average
daily balance of such Indebtedness during the applicable period. Interest on Indebtedness that may optionally be determined at an interest rate based upon a factor of a prime or similar rate, a eurocurrency interbank offered rate, or other rate,
will be deemed to have been based upon the rate actually chosen, or, if none, then based upon such optional rate chosen as the Company may designate. Any pro forma calculations made pursuant to this definition may include adjustments appropriate, in
the reasonable determination of the Company, to reflect adjustments calculated to give effect to any Pro Forma Cost Savings. 

Fixed Charges means, with respect to any specified Person for any period, the sum, without duplication, of: 

(1) the consolidated interest expense of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period, whether paid or accrued,
to the extent such expense was deducted in computing Consolidated Net Income, including, without limitation, amortization of original issue discount, the interest component of all payments associated with Capital Lease Obligations, and the net
effect of all payments made or received pursuant to Hedging Obligations in respect of interest rates (but excluding any non-cash interest expense attributable to the mark-to-market valuation of Hedging Obligations or other derivatives pursuant to GAAP) and excluding amortization or write-off of deferred financing fees and expensing
of any other financing fees, including any expensing of bridge or commitment fees, and the non-cash portion of interest expense resulting from the reduction in the carrying value under purchase accounting of
the Companys outstanding Indebtedness; provided that, for purposes of calculating consolidated interest expense, no effect will be given to the discount and/or premium resulting from the bifurcation of derivatives under ASC 815,
Derivatives and Hedging, as a result of the terms of the Indebtedness to which such consolidated interest expense applies; plus

(2) the consolidated interest expense of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries that was capitalized during such period;
plus

18 

(3) all cash dividends, whether paid or accrued, on any series of Preferred
Stock of such Person or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, excluding items eliminated in consolidation, in each case, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP; minus

(4) the consolidated interest income of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period, whether received or
accrued, to the extent such income was included in determining Consolidated Net Income. 

Foreign Subsidiary means any
Restricted Subsidiary of the Company that is not a Domestic Subsidiary and any direct or indirect Subsidiary of such Restricted Subsidiary. 

GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting
Principles Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification or in such other statements by such other entity as have been
approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession, which are applicable to the circumstances, as of the date of determination; provided that all terms of an accounting or financial nature used in this Indenture shall be
construed, and all computations of amounts and ratios referred to in this Indenture shall be made without giving effect to any election under Accounting Standards Codification Topic 825Financial Instruments, or any successor thereto or
comparable accounting principle (including pursuant to the Accounting Standards Codification), to value any Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary at fair value, as defined therein. For the purposes of this Indenture, the term
consolidated, with respect to any Person, shall mean such Person consolidated with its Restricted Subsidiaries, and shall not include any Unrestricted Subsidiary, but the interest of such Person in an Unrestricted Subsidiary will be
accounted for as an Investment. Without limiting the foregoing, leases shall continue to be classified and accounted for on a basis consistent with that reflected in the Companys audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2019 for all purposes of this Indenture, notwithstanding any change in GAAP relating thereto. 

At any time after the
Issue Date, the Company may elect to apply IFRS accounting principles in lieu of GAAP and, upon any such election, references herein to GAAP shall thereafter be construed to mean IFRS (except as otherwise provided in this Indenture); provided
that any such election, once made, shall be irrevocable; provided, further, any calculation or determination in this Indenture that requires the application of GAAP for periods that include fiscal quarters ended prior to the
Companys election to apply IFRS shall remain as previously calculated or determined in accordance with GAAP. The Company shall give notice of any such election made in accordance with this definition to the Trustee. For the avoidance of doubt,
solely making an election (without any other action) referred to in this definition will not be treated as an incurrence of Indebtedness. 

If there occurs a change in IFRS or GAAP, as the case may be, and such change would cause a change in the method of calculation of any
standards, terms or measures (including all computations of amounts and ratios) used in this Indenture (an Accounting Change), then the Company may elect that such standards, terms or measures shall be calculated as if such
Accounting Change had not occurred. 

19 

Global Note Legend means the legend set forth in Section 2.06(g)(2)
hereof, which is required to be placed on all Global Notes issued under this Indenture. 

Global Notes means,
individually and collectively, each of the Restricted Global Notes and the Unrestricted Global Notes deposited with or on behalf of and registered in the name of the Depository or its nominee, substantially in the form of Exhibit A1 hereto and
that bears the Global Note Legend and that has the Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note attached thereto, issued in accordance with Section 2.01, 2.06(b)(3), 2.06(b)(4), 2.06(d)(1), 2.06(d)(2), 2.06(d)(3) or 2.06(f)
hereof. 

Government Securities means direct obligations of, or obligations guaranteed by, the United States of America,
and the payment for which the United States pledges its full faith and credit. 

Guarantee means a guarantee other than
(i) by endorsement of negotiable instruments for collection in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice or (ii) standard contractual indemnities or product warranties provided in the ordinary course of business,
direct or indirect, in any manner including, without limitation, by way of a pledge of assets or through letters of credit or reimbursement agreements in respect thereof, of all or any part of any Indebtedness (whether arising by virtue of
partnership arrangements, or by agreements to keep-well, to purchase assets, goods, securities or services, to take or pay or to maintain financial statement conditions or otherwise); provided,
further, that the amount of any Guarantee shall be deemed to be the lower of (i) an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the primary obligation in respect of which such Guarantee is made and (ii) the maximum amount
for which such guaranteeing Person may be liable pursuant to the terms of the instrument embodying such Guarantee or, if such Guarantee is not an unconditional guarantee of the entire amount of the primary obligation and such maximum amount is not
stated or determinable, the amount of such guaranteeing Persons maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by such Person in good faith. 

Guarantors means: 

(1) each direct or indirect Domestic Subsidiary of the Company on the Issue Date that guarantees the Companys Credit
Agreement on the Issue Date; and 

(2) any other Subsidiary of the Company that executes a Note Guarantee in accordance with
the provisions of this Indenture; and their respective successors and assigns, in each case, until the Note Guarantee of such Person has been released in accordance with the provisions of this Indenture. 

Hedging Obligations means, with respect to any specified Person, the obligations of such Person under: 

(1) interest rate swap agreements (whether from fixed to floating or from floating to fixed), interest rate cap agreements and
interest rate collar agreements; 

(2) other agreements or arrangements designed to manage interest rates or interest rate
risk; and 

20 

(3) other agreements or arrangements designed to protect such Person against
fluctuations in currency exchange rates or commodity prices. 

Holder means each Person in whose name a Note is
registered on the registrars books, which shall initially be the nominee of DTC. 

Holding Company means any
Person so long as such Person directly or indirectly holds 100% of the total voting power of the Voting Stock of the Company, and at the time such Person acquired such voting power, no Person and no group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3)
or Section 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act, or any successor provision), including any such group acting for the purpose of acquiring, holding or disposing of securities (within the meaning of Rule
13d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange Act) (other than any Permitted Holder), shall have beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act, or any
successor provision), directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the total voting power of the Voting Stock of such Person. 

HUD
Financing means Indebtedness of HUD Financing Subsidiaries that is insured by the Federal Housing Administration, an organizational unit of the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development. 

HUD Financing Subsidiary means any Domestic Subsidiary formed solely for the purpose of holding assets pledged as security
in connection with any HUD Financing; provided that the designation of a Domestic Subsidiary as a HUD Financing Subsidiary shall be evidenced by an Officers Certificate stating that such Domestic Subsidiary shall be designated as a HUD
Financing Subsidiary and certifying that the sole purpose of such HUD Financing Subsidiary shall be to hold assets pledged as security in connection with HUD Financing and that the incurrence of the HUD Financing complies with the provisions of
Section 4.09 hereof. 

IFRS means the international financial reporting standards as issued by the International
Accounting Standards Board as in effect from time to time. 

Indebtedness means, with respect to any specified Person,
any indebtedness of such Person (excluding accrued expenses and trade payables, deferred compensation, deferred rent (other than for Capital Lease Obligations) and landlord allowances), whether or not contingent: 

(1) in respect of borrowed money; 

(2) evidenced by bonds, notes, debentures or similar instruments or letters of credit (or reimbursement agreements in respect
thereof); 

(3) in respect of bankers acceptances; 

(4) representing Capital Lease Obligations; 

(5) representing the balance of deferred and unpaid purchase price of any property or services due more than one year after
such property is acquired or such services are completed; or 

21 

(6) representing any Hedging Obligations, 

if and to the extent any of the preceding items (other than letters of credit and Hedging Obligations) would appear as a liability upon a balance sheet of the
specified Person prepared in accordance with GAAP. In addition, the term Indebtedness includes all Indebtedness of others secured by a Lien on any asset of the specified Person (whether or not such Indebtedness is assumed by the
specified Person) and, to the extent not otherwise included, the Guarantee by the specified Person of any Indebtedness of any other Person; provided that contingent obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business shall be deemed not
to constitute Indebtedness. Indebtedness shall be calculated without giving effect to the effects of ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging, and related interpretations to the extent such effects would otherwise increase or decrease an amount of
Indebtedness for any purpose under this Indenture as a result of accounting for any embedded derivatives created by the terms of such Indebtedness. 

Indenture means this Indenture, as amended or supplemented from time to time. 

Independent Financial Advisor means an accounting, appraisal or investment banking firm or consultant to Persons engaged in
a Permitted Business, in each case of nationally recognized standing that is, in the good faith determination of the Company, qualified to perform the task for which it has been engaged. 

Insurance Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Company engaged solely in one or more of the general liability,
professional liability, health and benefits and workers compensation and any other insurance businesses, providing insurance coverage and related benefits for the Company, its Subsidiaries and any of its direct or indirect parents and the
respective future, present or former employees, directors, officers, managers, contractors, consultants or advisors thereof. 

Indirect Participant means a Person who holds a beneficial interest in a Global Note through a Participant. 

Initial Notes means the $550.0 million aggregate principal amount of Notes issued under this Indenture on the date
hereof. 

Initial Purchasers means J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Capital One Securities,
Inc., Citizens JMP Securities, LLC, Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Fifth Third Securities, Inc., Regions Securities LLC, SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc., MUFG Securities Americas Inc., Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Huntington
Securities, Inc., FHN Financial Securities Corp., and PNFP Capital Markets. 

Institutional Accredited Investor means an
institution that is an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under the Securities Act that is not also a QIB. 

Investment Grade Securities means: 

(1) securities issued or directly and fully guaranteed or insured by the U.S. government or any agency or instrumentality
thereof (other than Cash Equivalents) and in each case with maturities not exceeding two years from the date of acquisition; 

22 

(2) securities that have a rating equal to or higher than Baa3 (or the
equivalent) by Moodys or BBB- (or the equivalent) by S&P, or an equivalent rating by any other nationally recognized statistical rating organization within the meaning of
Section 3(a)(62) of the Exchange Act; 

(3) investments in any fund that invests at least 95% of its assets in
investments of the type described in clauses (1) and (2) which fund may also hold immaterial amounts of cash pending investment and/or distribution; and 

(4) corresponding instruments in countries other than the United States customarily utilized for high quality investments and
in each case with maturities not exceeding two years from the date of acquisition. 

Investments means, with respect to
any Person, all direct or indirect investments by such Person in other Persons (including Affiliates) in the form of loans (including Guarantees), advances or capital contributions (excluding accounts receivable, trade credit and advances to
customers and commission, travel, relocation and similar advances to officers and employees made in the ordinary course of business), purchases or other acquisitions for consideration of Indebtedness, Equity Interests or other securities issued by
any other Person, together with all items that are required to be classified as investments on a balance sheet prepared in accordance with GAAP in the same manner as the other investments included in this definition to the extent such transactions
involve the transfer of cash or other property. If the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary of the Company sells or otherwise disposes of any Equity Interests of any direct or indirect Restricted Subsidiary of the Company such that, after giving
effect to any such sale or disposition, such Person is no longer a Restricted Subsidiary of the Company, the Company will be deemed to have made an Investment on the date of any such sale or disposition equal to the Fair Market Value of the
Companys Investments in such Subsidiary that were not sold or disposed of in an amount determined as provided in Section 4.07(c) hereof. Except as otherwise provided in this Indenture, the amount of an Investment will be determined at the
time the Investment is made and without giving effect to subsequent changes in value. Notwithstanding anything in this Indenture to the contrary, for purposes of Section 4.07 hereof: 

(1) Investments shall include the portion (proportionate to the Companys equity interest in such Subsidiary)
of the Fair Market Value of the net assets of a Subsidiary of the Company at the time that such Subsidiary is designated an Unrestricted Subsidiary; provided, however, that upon a redesignation of such Subsidiary as a Restricted
Subsidiary of the Company, the Company shall be deemed to continue to have a permanent Investment in an Unrestricted Subsidiary equal to an amount (if positive) equal to: 

(a) the Companys Investment in such Subsidiary at the time of such redesignation; minus

(b) the portion (proportionate to the Companys equity interest in such Subsidiary) of the Fair Market Value of the net
assets of such Subsidiary at the time of such redesignation; and 

23 

(2) any property transferred to or from an Unrestricted Subsidiary shall be
valued at its Fair Market Value at the time of such transfer, in each case as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Company. 

Issue Date means March 10, 2025. 

Legal Holiday means a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in the City of New York or at a place of
payment are authorized by law, regulation or executive order to remain closed. When the payment of any obligation or the performance of any covenant, duty or obligation is stated to be due or performance required on a day which is a Legal Holiday,
the date of such payment or performance shall extend to the immediately succeeding Business Day and such extension of time shall not be reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be. 

Lien means, with respect to any asset, any mortgage, lien, pledge, charge, security interest or encumbrance of any kind in
respect of such asset, whether or not filed, recorded or otherwise perfected under applicable law, including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, and any financing lease in the nature thereof; provided that in no event
shall Non-Financing Lease Obligations be deemed to constitute a Lien. 

Limited Condition
Transaction means (1) any Investment or acquisition (whether by merger, amalgamation, consolidation or other business combination or the acquisition of Capital Stock or otherwise and which may include, for the avoidance of doubt, a
transaction that may constitute a Change of Control), whose consummation is not conditioned on the availability of, or on obtaining, third party financing, (2) any redemption, repurchase, defeasance, satisfaction and discharge or repayment of
Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock requiring irrevocable notice in advance of such redemption, repurchase, defeasance, satisfaction and discharge or repayment, (3) any Restricted Payment requiring irrevocable notice in advance
thereof, (4) any asset sale or a disposition excluded from the definition of Asset Sale and (5) a Change of Control. 

Long Derivative Instrument means a Derivative Instrument (i) the value of which generally increases, and/or the
payment or delivery obligations under which generally decrease, with positive changes to the Performance References and/or (ii) the value of which generally decreases, and/or the payment or delivery obligations under which generally increase,
with negative changes to the Performance References. 

LTM Consolidated EBITDA means, as of any date, Consolidated
EBITDA of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries for the four quarter period most recently then ended for which financial statements have been delivered for which internal financial statements are available. 

Management Services Termination Fees means the fees payable to Waud Capital Partners, L.L.C. pursuant to the termination
agreement in respect of the professional services agreement by and between Waud Capital Partners, L.L.C. and Parent. 

24 

Market Capitalization means an amount equal to (i) the total number
of issued and outstanding shares of common Capital Stock of the Company or any direct or indirect parent entity on the date of the declaration of a Restricted Payment permitted pursuant to Section 4.07(b)(18) hereof multiplied by (ii) the
arithmetic mean of the closing prices per share of such common Capital Stock on the principal securities exchange on which such common Capital Stock are traded for the 30 consecutive trading days immediately preceding the date of declaration of such
Restricted Payment. 

Merger means the merger of Merger Sub with and into PHC pursuant to the Merger Agreement. 

Merger Agreement means the Agreement and Plan of Merger, by and among the Company, Merger Sub and PHC, dated as of
May 23, 2011. 

Merger Sub means Acadia Merger Sub, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 

Moodys means Moodys Investors Service, Inc. 

Net Proceeds means the aggregate cash proceeds and Cash Equivalents received by the Company or any of its Restricted
Subsidiaries in respect of any Asset Sale (including, without limitation, any cash or Cash Equivalents received upon the sale or other disposition of any Designated Non-cash Consideration received in any Asset
Sale, but excluding the assumption by the acquiring Person of Indebtedness relating to the disposed asset or other consideration received in any other non-cash form), net of the costs relating to such Asset
Sale and the sale or disposition of such Designated Non-cash Consideration, including, without limitation, legal, accounting and investment banking fees, discounts and sales commissions, survey costs, title
and recording expenses, title insurance premiums, payments made in order to obtain a necessary consent or required by applicable law, brokerage and sales commissions, any relocation expenses, commissions, premiums (including tender premiums),
defeasance costs and underwriting discounts, fees, costs and expenses (including original issue discount, upfront fees or similar fees) incurred as a result of the Asset Sale, taxes paid or payable as a result of the Asset Sale, in each case, after
taking into account any available tax credits or deductions and any tax sharing arrangements, amounts applied to the repayment of principal, premium (if any) and interest on Indebtedness that is secured by the property or the assets that are the
subject of such Asset Sale or that is otherwise required (other than pursuant to Section 4.10(c) hereof) to be paid as a result of such transaction, all distributions and other payments required to be made to noncontrolling interest or minority
interest holders (other than any parent entity, the Company or any of its respective Subsidiaries) in Subsidiaries or joint ventures as a result of such transaction, all costs associated with unwinding any related Hedging Obligations in connection
with such transaction, and any deduction of appropriate amounts to be provided by the Company as a reserve in accordance with GAAP against any liabilities associated with the asset disposed of in such transaction and retained by the Company after
such sale or other disposition thereof, including, without limitation, pension and other post-employment benefit liabilities and liabilities related to environmental matters or against any indemnification
obligations associated with such transaction, and any funded escrow established pursuant to the documents evidencing any such sale or disposition to secure any indemnification obligations or adjustments to the purchase price associated with any such
sale or disposition; provided that to the extent that any amounts are released from such escrow to the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary, such amounts net of any related expenses shall constitute Net Proceeds. 

25 

Net Short means, with respect to a Holder or Beneficial Owner, as of a
date of determination, either (i) the value of its Short Derivative Instruments exceeds the sum of the (x) the value of its Notes plus (y) the value of its Long Derivative Instruments as of such date of determination or
(ii) it is reasonably expected that such would have been the case were a Failure to Pay or Bankruptcy Credit Event (each as defined in the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions) to have occurred with respect to the Company or any Guarantor
immediately prior to such date of determination. 

Non-Financing Lease
Obligation means a lease obligation that is not required to be accounted for as a financing or capital lease in accordance with GAAP. For the avoidance of doubt, a straight-line or operating lease
shall be considered a Non-Financing Lease Obligation. 

Non-U.S. Person means a Person who is not a U.S. Person. 

Note Guarantee means
the Guarantee by each Guarantor of the Companys obligations under this Indenture and the Notes, executed pursuant to the provisions of this Indenture. 

Notes has the meaning assigned to it in the preamble to this Indenture. The Initial Notes and the Additional Notes shall be
treated as a single class for all purposes under this Indenture, and unless the context otherwise requires, all references to the Notes shall include the Initial Notes and any Additional Notes. 

Obligations means any principal, interest, penalties, fees, indemnifications, reimbursements, damages and other liabilities
payable under the documentation governing any Indebtedness; provided, that obligations with respect to the Notes shall not include fees or indemnifications in favor of Trustee and other third parties other than the Holders of the Notes. 

Offering Memorandum means the Offering Memorandum dated as of March 6, 2025, relating to the Companys issuance
and sale of the Notes. 

Officer means, with respect to any Person, the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive
Officer, the President, the Chief Operating Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Treasurer, any Assistant Treasurer, the Controller, the Secretary, any Executive Vice President, any Senior Vice President or any Vice President of such Person.

Officers Certificate means, with respect to any Person, a certificate signed on behalf of such Person by one
Officer thereof, which solely in respect of the Officers Certificate required by Section 4.04(a), must be the principal executive officer, the principal financial officer, the treasurer or the principal accounting officer of the Company,
that, if applicable, meets the requirements of Section 12.05 hereof. 

Opinion of Counsel means an opinion from
legal counsel who is reasonably acceptable to the Trustee and, that, if applicable, meets the requirements of Section 12.05 hereof. The counsel may be an employee of or counsel to the Company, any Subsidiary of the Company or the Trustee. 

Parent means Acadia Healthcare Holdings, LLC (which was liquidated on November 1, 2011, contemporaneously with the
Merger). 

26 

Participant means, with respect to the Depositary, Euroclear or
Clearstream, a Person who has an account with the Depositary, Euroclear or Clearstream, respectively (and, with respect to DTC, shall include Euroclear and Clearstream). 

Permitted Asset Swap means the substantially concurrent purchase and sale or exchange of Related Business Assets or a
combination of Related Business Assets and cash and Cash Equivalents; provided, that any cash and Cash Equivalents received in excess of the value of any cash or Cash Equivalents sold or exchanged are applied in accordance with
Section 4.10 hereof. 

Permitted Business means any business that is the same as, or reasonably related, ancillary
or complementary to, any of the businesses in which the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries are engaged on the Issue Date, including the ownership, operation and/or management of hospitals, outpatient clinics, group homes, medical and surgical
assets or other facilities or assets that are used or useful in or related to the provision of health care services, education and support services, addiction treatment programs or similar services, or in connection with the ownership, operation
and/or management of such hospitals, outpatient clinics, group homes, medical and surgical assets or other facilities or assets ancillary to the provision of health care services, education and support services, addiction treatment programs or
similar services or information or the investment in or management, lease or operation of hospitals, outpatient clinics, group homes or medical and surgical assets. 

Permitted Holders mean (i) any Person that has no material assets other than the Capital Stock of the Company or any
direct or indirect parent of the Company, and, directly or indirectly, holds or acquires 100% of the total voting power of the Voting Stock of the Company, and of which no other Person or group (in each case within the meaning of
Section 13(d)(3) or Section 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act, or any successor provision) holds 50% or more of the total voting power of the Voting Stock thereof, (ii) any group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or
Section 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act, or any successor provision) the members of which include any Permitted Holder specified in clause (i) above and that, directly or indirectly, holds or acquires Beneficial Ownership of the Voting Stock
of the Company or any direct or indirect parent of the Company, any Holding Company, Permitted Plan or any Person or group that becomes a Permitted Holder specified in the last sentence of this definition are members and any member of such group (a
Permitted Holder Group); provided that (1) each member of the Permitted Holder Group has voting rights proportional to the percentage of ownership interests held or acquired by such member and (2) no Person or
other group (other than a Permitted Holder specified in clause (i) above) Beneficially Owns 50% or more on a fully diluted basis of the Voting Stock held by the Permitted Holder Group, (iii) any Holding Company and (iv) any Permitted
Plan. Any Person or group, together with its Affiliates, whose acquisition of Beneficial Ownership constitutes a Change of Control in respect of which a Change of Control Offer is made in accordance with the requirements of this Indenture will
thereafter constitute an additional Permitted Holder. 

Permitted Intercompany Activities means any transactions
(A) between or among the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries that are entered into in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries and, in the reasonable determination of
the Company are necessary or advisable in connection with the 

27 

ownership or operation of the business of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries, including (i) payroll, cash management, purchasing, insurance and hedging arrangements; and
(ii) management, technology and licensing arrangements; (B) between or among the Company, its Restricted Subsidiaries and any Insurance Subsidiary. 

Permitted Investments means: 

(1) any Investment in the Company (including in the Notes) or in a Restricted Subsidiary of the Company (including the Capital
Stock of, or guarantees of obligations of, a Restricted Subsidiary); 

(2) any Investment in cash, Cash Equivalents or
Investment Grade Securities; 

(3) any Investment by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary of the Company in a Person, if
as a result of such Investment: 

(a) such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary of the Company; or 

(b) such Person is merged, consolidated or amalgamated with or into, or transfers or conveys substantially all of its assets
to, or is liquidated into, the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Company; 

(4) any Investment made as a result of
the receipt of non-cash consideration from an Asset Sale that was made in compliance with Section 4.10 hereof; 

(5) any acquisition of assets or Capital Stock solely in exchange for, or out of the proceeds of, the issuance of Equity
Interests (other than Disqualified Stock) of the Company or of any direct or indirect parent of the Company or any Unrestricted Subsidiary; 

(6) any Investments received in compromise or resolution of (A) obligations of trade creditors or customers that were
incurred in the ordinary course of business of the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, including pursuant to any plan of reorganization or similar arrangement upon the bankruptcy or insolvency of any trade creditor or customer; or
(B) litigation, arbitration or other disputes; 

(7) Investments represented by Hedging Obligations in the ordinary
course of business and not for speculative purposes; 

(8) loans or advances to employees made in the ordinary course of
business of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $2.0 million at any one time outstanding; 

(9) repurchases of the Notes; 

(10) any guarantee of Indebtedness permitted to be incurred under Section 4.09 hereof; 

28 

(11) any Investment existing on, or made pursuant to binding commitments
existing on, the Issue Date and any Investment consisting of an extension, modification, renewal, replacement, refunding or refinancing of any Investment existing on, or made pursuant to a binding commitment existing on, the Issue Date; provided
that the amount of any such Investment may be increased (a) as required by the terms of such Investment as in existence on the Issue Date or (b) as otherwise permitted under this Indenture; 

(12) Investments acquired after the Existing 2018 Notes Issue Date as a result of the acquisition by the Company or any
Restricted Subsidiary of the Company of another Person, including by way of a merger, amalgamation or consolidation with or into the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in a transaction that is not prohibited by Section 5.01 hereof
after the Existing 2018 Notes Issue Date to the extent that such Investments were not made in contemplation of such acquisition, merger, amalgamation or consolidation and were in existence on the date of such acquisition, merger, amalgamation or
consolidation; 

(13) Investments by the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries consisting of deposits, prepayment and
other credits to suppliers, customers or landlords made in the ordinary course of business; 

(14) guaranties made in the
ordinary course of business of obligations owed to landlords, suppliers, customers, franchisees and licensees of the Company and its Subsidiaries; 

(15) any Investment acquired by the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (a) received in settlement, compromise
or resolution of debts created in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice, (b) in exchange for any other Investment or accounts receivable held by the Company or any such Restricted Subsidiary in connection with or as a
result of a bankruptcy, workout, reorganization or recapitalization of the Company of such other Investment or accounts receivable, (c) as a result of a foreclosure by the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries with respect to any
secured Investment or other transfer of title with respect to any secured Investment in default or (d) in satisfaction of judgments; 

(16) loans and advances to officers, directors and employees in connection with payroll or for
business-related travel expenses, entertainment, moving and relocation expenses and other similar expenses, in each case incurred in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice; 

(17) Investments consisting of the licensing, sublicensing or contribution of intellectual property or other intangibles or
services pursuant to any joint development, joint venture or marketing arrangements with other Persons or any Intercompany License Agreement and any other Investments made in connection therewith or Investments in the form of milestone or other
upfront payments made in the ordinary course in connection with the right to receive royalty or other recurring payments; 

29 

(18) Investments in joint ventures of the Company or any of its Restricted
Subsidiaries and similar entities in an aggregate amount, taken together with all other Investments (each valued at the time made, without giving effect to subsequent changes in value) made pursuant to this clause (18) that are at the time
outstanding, not to exceed in any fiscal year, the greater of $675.0 million and 10% of Total Assets of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis as of the end of the fiscal year most recently ended for which the
Company has delivered financial statements pursuant to Section 4.03 hereof; plus the amount of any returns (including dividends, payments, interest, distributions, returns of principal, profits on sale, repayments, income and similar
amounts) in respect of such Investments (without duplication for purposes of the covenant set forth in Section 4.07 hereof of any amounts applied pursuant to clause (c) of Section 4.07(a) hereof); provided that the aggregate
amount of Investments made pursuant to this clause from and after the Issue Date at any time outstanding shall not exceed the greater of $850.0 million and 12.5% of Total Assets of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated
basis as of the end of the fiscal year most recently ended for which the Company has delivered financial statements pursuant to Section 4.03 hereof, plus the amount of any returns (including dividends, payments, interest, distributions,
returns of principal, profits on sale, repayments, income and similar amounts) in respect of such Investments (without duplication for purposes of the covenant described in set forth in Section 4.07 hereof of any amounts applied pursuant to
clause (c) of Section 4.07(a) hereof); 

(19) Investments consisting of purchases and acquisitions of inventory,
supplies, materials and equipment and similar assets or purchases of contract rights or licenses of intellectual property or leases, in each case, in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice; 

(20) loans and advances made by the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to officers, directors or employees of the
Company or the Companys Restricted Subsidiaries, the proceeds of which are used to purchase Equity Interests of the Company, any direct or indirect parent of the Company, or the Companys Restricted Subsidiaries; 

(21) any transaction to the extent it constitutes an Investment that is permitted by and made in accordance with
Section 4.11(b) hereof (except transactions described in clauses (3) (6), (9), (10), (12) and (18) of Section 4.11(b) hereof); 

(22) any acquisition of assets or Capital Stock solely in exchange for, or out of the net cash proceeds received from, the
issuance of Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Stock) of the Company or any contribution to the common equity of the Company; provided that the amount of any such net cash proceeds that are utilized for any such Investment pursuant to
this clause (22) will be excluded from Section 4.07(a)(z)(B); 

(23) Physician Support Obligations in an amount
not to exceed $8.0 million at any one time outstanding; 

30 

(24) Pledges or deposits with respect to leases or utilities provided to
third parties in the ordinary course of business or Liens otherwise described in the definition of Permitted Liens or made in connection with Liens permitted under Section 4.12 hereof; 

(25) Guarantees of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary in connection with the provision of credit card payment processing
services; 

(26) Investments consisting of earnest money deposits required in connection with a purchase agreement, or
letter of intent, or other acquisitions to the extent not otherwise prohibited by this Indenture; 

(27) contributions to a
rabbi trust for the benefit of any employee, director, officer, manager, contractor, consultant, advisor or other service providers or other grantor trust subject to claims of creditors in the case of a bankruptcy of the Company, and
Investments relating to non-qualified deferred payment plans in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice; 

(28) other Investments in any Person having an aggregate Fair Market Value (measured on the date each such Investment was made
and without giving effect to subsequent changes in value), when taken together with all other Investments made pursuant to this clause (28) that are at the time outstanding not to exceed the greater of (a) $340.0 million and (b) 5.0%
of Total Assets at the time of such Investment, plus the amount of any returns (including dividends, payments, interest, distributions, returns of principal, profits on sale, repayments, income and similar amounts) in respect of such
Investments (without duplication for purposes of the covenant set forth in Section 4.07 hereof of any amounts applied pursuant to clause (c) of Section 4.07(a) hereof); 

(29) Investments by an Unrestricted Subsidiary entered into prior to the day such Unrestricted Subsidiary is redesignated as a
Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to Section 4.17 hereof; 

(30) Investments consisting of purchases and acquisitions of
assets or services in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice; 

(31) Investments in prepaid
expenses, negotiable instruments held for collection and lease, utility and workers compensation, performance and similar deposits entered into as a result of the operations of the business in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past
practice; 

(32) Investments consisting of UCC Article 3 endorsements for collection or deposit and Article 4 trade
arrangements with customers (or any comparable or similar provisions in other applicable jurisdictions) in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practices; 

(33) non-cash Investments in connection with tax planning and reorganization
activities, and Investments in connection with Permitted Intercompany Activities, Permitted Tax Restructuring and related transactions; 

31 

(34) Investments in a Securitization Subsidiary or by a Securitization
Subsidiary in any other Person in connection with a Qualified Securitization Financing; and 

(35) so long as no Default or
Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (or would result therefrom), any other Investment so long as, immediately after giving pro forma effect to the Investment and the incurrence of any Indebtedness the net proceeds of which are used to
make such Investment, the Total Leverage Ratio shall be no greater than 4.0 to 1.0. 

For purposes of this definition, in the event that a
proposed Investment (or portion thereof) meets the criteria of more than one of the categories of Permitted Investments described in clauses (1) through (35) above, or is otherwise entitled to be incurred or made pursuant to Section 4.07,
the Company will be entitled to classify, or later reclassify, such Investment (or portion thereof) in one or more of such categories set forth above or pursuant to Section 4.07. 

Permitted Liens means: 

(1) Liens on assets of the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries securing Indebtedness incurred pursuant to clause
(1) of the definition of Permitted Debt and other Obligations under or pursuant to such Credit Facilities; 

(2) Liens in favor of the Company or the Guarantors; 

(3) Liens on assets, property or Capital Stock of a Person existing at the time such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary of
the Company or is merged with or into or consolidated with the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Company; provided that such Liens (a) were in existence prior to the contemplation of such Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary
of the Company or such merger or consolidation and (b) do not extend to any assets other than those of the Person that becomes a Restricted Subsidiary of the Company or the surviving entity of any such merger or consolidation; 

(4) Liens on assets or on property (including Capital Stock) existing at the time of acquisition of the assets or property by
the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company; provided that such Liens (a) were in existence prior to such acquisition and not incurred in contemplation of, such acquisition and (b) do not extend to any other assets of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries; 

(5) Liens, pledges or deposits to secure the performance of bids, tenders, completion
guarantees, trade contracts, leases, utilities, licenses, public or statutory obligations, government contracts, surety, stay, indemnity, warranty, release, judgment, customs, appeal, insurance, judgments, surety or appeal bonds, workers
compensation obligations, payroll taxes, return of money bonds, bankers acceptance facilities, performance bonds, unemployment insurance obligations, employers health tax and other social security obligations, or other obligations of a
like nature (including those to secure health, safety and environmental obligations) incurred in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice (including Liens to secure letters of credit, bank guarantees or similar instruments
issued to assure payment of such obligations or as security for contested taxes or import or customs duties or for the payment of rent, or other obligations of like nature); 

32 

(6) Liens to secure Indebtedness (including Capital Lease Obligations and
purchase money obligations) permitted by Section 4.09(b)(4) hereof covering only the assets acquired with or financed by such Indebtedness; provided that individual financings of property or equipment provided by one lender may be cross
collateralized to other financings of property or equipment provided by such lender; 

(7) Liens existing on the Issue Date;

(8) Liens for taxes, assessments or governmental charges or claims that are not overdue for a period of more than 60 days
or not yet delinquent or that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings; provided that any reserve or other appropriate provision as is required in conformity with GAAP has been made therefor, or for property taxes on
property of the Company or one of its Subsidiaries has determined to abandon if the sole recourse for such tax is to such property; 

(9) Liens with respect to outstanding motor vehicle fines and Liens imposed by law, such as carriers,
warehousemens, materialmens, landlords, workmens, repairmens and mechanics Liens, in each case, incurred in the ordinary course of business; 

(10) survey exceptions, easements or reservations of, or rights of others for, licenses, rights-of-way, sewers, electric lines, telegraph and telephone lines and other similar purposes, or zoning or other restrictions as to the use of real property that were not incurred in connection with
Indebtedness and that do not in the aggregate materially adversely affect the value of said properties or materially impair their use in the operation of the business of such Person; 

(11) Liens created for the benefit of (or to secure) the Notes (or the Note Guarantees); 

(12) Liens to secure any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness permitted to be incurred under this Indenture; provided,
however, that: the new Lien is limited to all or part of the same property and assets that secured or, under the written agreements pursuant to which the original Lien arose, could secure the original Lien (plus improvements and
accessions to, such property or proceeds or distributions thereof); 

(13) Liens on insurance policies and proceeds thereof,
or other deposits, to secure insurance premium financings; 

(14) filing of Uniform Commercial Code financing statements,
including as a precautionary measure in connection with operating leases or consignment of goods; 

(15) bankers
Liens, rights of set-off, rights of pledge, Liens arising out of judgments or awards not constituting an Event of Default and notices of lis pendens and associated rights related to litigation being
contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves have been made to the extent required by GAAP; 

33 

(16) Liens on cash, Cash Equivalents or other property arising in connection
with the defeasance, discharge or redemption of Indebtedness; 

(17) Liens on specific items of inventory or other goods and
the proceeds thereof (including documents, instruments, accounts, chattel paper, letter of credit rights, general intangibles, supporting obligations, and claims under insurance policies relating thereto) of any Person securing such Persons
obligations in respect of bankers acceptances or letters of credit issued or created in the ordinary course of business for the account of such Person to facilitate the purchase, shipment or storage of such inventory or other goods; 

(18) leases, licenses, sub-leases or
sub-licenses of assets (as lessor, lessee, licensor or licensee) in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice or, with respect to intellectual property, software and other technology
rights, that are not material to the conduct of the business of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; 

(19) Liens arising out of conditional sale, title retention, consignment or similar arrangements for the sale of goods entered
into in the ordinary course of business; 

(20) statutory, common law or contractual Liens of creditor depository
institutions or institutions holding securities accounts (including the right of set-off or similar rights and remedies); 

(21) customary Liens granted in favor of a trustee (including the Trustee) to secure fees and other amounts owing to such
trustee under an indenture or other agreement pursuant to which Indebtedness not prohibited by this Indenture is issued including this Indenture; 

(22) Liens permitted to be incurred pursuant to clause (12) of the definition of Permitted Debt; provided
that such Liens extend solely to the property or assets (or income or profits therefrom) of such Foreign Subsidiary; 

(23) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payment of custom duties in
connection with the importation of goods; 

(24) Liens securing Hedging Obligations entered into in the ordinary course of
business and not for speculative purposes; provided that such Hedging Obligations are permitted to be incurred under this Indenture; 

(25) Liens on assets pursuant to merger agreements, stock or asset purchase agreements and similar agreements in respect of the
disposition of such assets otherwise permitted under this Indenture for so long as such agreements are in effect; 

34 

(26) Liens securing Indebtedness or other Obligations of the Company or a
Restricted Subsidiary of the Company owing to the Company or another Restricted Subsidiary of the Company permitted to be incurred in accordance with Section 4.09 hereof and Liens in favor of the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary; 

(27) leases and subleases of real property which do not materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of the
Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries; 

(28) deposits made in the ordinary course of business to secure liability
to insurance carriers; 

(29) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted to be incurred pursuant to Section 4.09 hereof;
provided that as of the date of incurrence of any such Indebtedness and after giving pro forma effect to the incurrence thereof and the application of the net proceeds therefrom (or, at the Companys election, as of the date of the
initial financing commitment of such Indebtedness after giving pro forma effect to the incurrence of the entire committed amount of such Indebtedness), such Indebtedness does not exceed the maximum principal amount of Indebtedness that, as of such
date, would cause the Secured Leverage Ratio of the Company to exceed 4.0 to 1.0; 

(30) other Liens with respect to
Obligations that do not exceed the greater of (a) $200.0 million and (b) 3.0% of Total Assets at the time of incurrence, at any one time outstanding; 

(31) Liens incurred to secure Indebtedness incurred pursuant to clause (23) of the definition of Permitted
Debt; 

(32) Liens incurred to secure any Treasury Management Arrangement incurred in the ordinary course of business;

(33) Liens solely on any cash earnest money deposits made by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary of the Company in
connection with any letter of intent or purchase agreement permitted under this Indenture; 

(34) Liens deemed to exist in
connection with Investments in repurchase agreements permitted under Section 4.09 hereof; 

(35) Liens encumbering
reasonable customary initial deposits and margin deposits and similar Liens attached to commodity trading accounts or other brokerage accounts incurred in the ordinary course of business and not for speculative purposes; 

(36) Liens of a collection bank arising under Section 4-210 of the Uniform
Commercial Code on items in the course of collection; 

(37) Liens arising on any real property as a result of eminent
domain, condemnation or similar proceedings against such property; 

35 

(38) Liens of sellers of goods to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
arising under Article 2 of the UCC in effect in the relevant jurisdiction in the ordinary course of business, covering only the goods sold and covering only the unpaid purchase price for such goods and related expenses; 

(39) any encumbrance or restriction (including put and call arrangements) with respect to Capital Stock of any joint venture
securing financing arrangement, joint venture or similar arrangement pursuant to any joint venture securing financing agreement, joint venture or similar agreement; 

(40) Liens on property or assets under construction (and related rights) in favor of a contractor or developer or arising from
progress or partial payments by a third party relating to such property or assets; 

(41) Liens incurred to secure
Indebtedness incurred pursuant to clause (13) of the definition of Permitted Debt; provided that such Liens shall only be permitted if such Liens are limited to all or part of the same property or assets, including Capital
Stock (plus property and assets affixed or appurtenant thereto and additions, improvements, accessions, proceeds, dividends or distributions thereof, including after-acquired property that is
(i) affixed or incorporated into the property or assets covered by such Lien, (ii) after-acquired property or assets subject to a Lien securing such Indebtedness, the terms of which Indebtedness
require or include a pledge of after-acquired property or assets and (iii) the proceeds and products thereof) acquired, or of any Person acquired or merged, consolidated or amalgamated with or into the
Company or any Restricted Subsidiary, in any transaction to which such Indebtedness or other Obligation relates; 

(42)
[Reserved]; 

(43) Liens on Capital Stock or other securities or assets of any Unrestricted Subsidiary that secure
Indebtedness or other obligations of such Unrestricted Subsidiary; 

(44) Liens on vehicles or equipment of the Company or
any Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice; 

(45) Liens (i) on cash
advances or escrow deposits in favor of the seller of any property to be acquired in an Investment permitted under the indenture to be applied against the purchase price for such Investment or otherwise in connection with any escrow arrangements
with respect to any such Investment (including any letter of intent or purchase agreement with respect to such Investment), and (ii) consisting of an agreement to sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of any property in an asset sale, in
each case, solely to the extent such Investment or sale, transfer, lease or other disposition, as the case may be, would have been permitted on the date of the creation of such Lien; 

(46) Liens then existing with respect to assets of an Unrestricted Subsidiary on the day such Unrestricted Subsidiary is
redesignated as a Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to Section 4.17 hereof; 

36 

(47) Liens relating to escrow arrangements securing Indebtedness, including
(i) Liens on escrowed proceeds from the issuance of Indebtedness for the benefit of the related holders of debt securities or other Indebtedness (or the underwriters, arrangers, trustee or collateral agent thereof) and (ii) Liens on cash
or Cash Equivalents set aside at the time of the incurrence of any Indebtedness, in either case to the extent such cash or Cash Equivalents prefund the payment of interest or premium or discount on such Indebtedness (or any costs related to the
issuance of such Indebtedness) and are held in an escrow account or similar arrangement to be applied for such purpose; 

(48) Liens arising in connection with any Permitted Intercompany Activities, Permitted Tax Restructuring and related
transactions; and 

(49) Liens on assets of a Securitization Subsidiary arising in connection with a Qualified
Securitization Financing. 

For purposes of determining compliance with this definition, (a) Permitted Liens need not be incurred
solely by reference to one category of Permitted Liens described above but are permitted to be incurred in part under any combination thereof and (b) in the event that a Lien (or any portion thereof) meets the criteria of one or more categories
of Permitted Liens described above, the Company shall, in its sole discretion, classify (or later reclassify) such item of Permitted Liens (or any portion thereof) in any manner that complies with this definition and will only be required to include
the amount and type of such item of Permitted Liens in one of the above clauses and such Lien will be treated as having been incurred pursuant to only one of such clauses. 

Permitted Payments to Parent means the declaration and payment of dividends by the Company to, or the making of loans to,
or other payments to, any direct or indirect parent of the Company in amounts required for any direct or indirect parent of the Company (and, in the case of clause (3) below, its direct or indirect members or equityholders), to pay, in each
case without duplication: 

(1) general corporate operating and overhead costs and expenses (including without limitation,
expenses related to reporting obligations and any franchise taxes and other fees, taxes and expenses required to maintain their corporate existence) of any direct or indirect parent of the Company to the extent such costs and expenses are reasonably
attributable to the ownership or operation of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries; 

(2) reasonable fees and
expenses (other than to Affiliates of the Company) incurred in connection with any unsuccessful debt or equity offering or other financing transaction by such direct or indirect parent of the Company; 

(3) (i) with respect to any taxable year for which the Company and its Subsidiaries are members of an affiliated or similar tax
group filing a group income tax return that includes such parent entity, U.S. federal, foreign, state and local income or franchise taxes (or any similar or alternative tax in lieu thereof) to the extent attributable to the income of the Company and
its Subsidiaries; provided that the amount of such 

37 

payments does not exceed the amount that the Company and its Subsidiaries would have been required to pay in respect of such federal, foreign, state and local income or franchise taxes with
respect to such taxable year were such entities paying taxes separately from any parent entity at the highest combined applicable federal, foreign, state, local or franchise corporate tax rate applicable to such taxable year, taking into account any
losses or other attributes of the Company and such Subsidiaries, less any amounts paid directly by the Company and such Subsidiaries with respect to such taxes and (ii) any Related Taxes; and 

(4) customary salary, bonus, severance, indemnification obligations and other benefits payable to officers and employees of
such direct or indirect parent company of the Company to the extent such salaries, bonuses, severance, indemnification obligations and other benefits are attributable to the ownership or operation of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries. 

Permitted Plan means any employee benefits plan of the Company or any of its Affiliates and any Person acting in its
capacity as trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan. 

Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness
means any Indebtedness of the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries issued in exchange for, or the net proceeds of which are used to renew, refund, refinance, replace, defease or discharge other Indebtedness of the Company or any of its
Restricted Subsidiaries (other than intercompany Indebtedness); provided that: 

(1) the principal amount (or
accreted value, if applicable) of such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness does not exceed the principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) or, if greater, the committed amount of the Indebtedness renewed, refunded, refinanced, replaced,
defeased or discharged (plus all accrued interest on the Indebtedness and the amount of all fees and expenses, including premiums and defeasance costs, incurred in connection therewith); 

(2) (A) if the Indebtedness being renewed, refunded, refinanced, replaced, defeased or discharged has a final maturity date
earlier than the Stated Maturity of the Notes, such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness shall not have a Stated Maturity date earlier than the Stated Maturity of the Indebtedness being renewed, refunded, refinanced, replaced, defeased or discharged
or (B) if the Indebtedness being refunded, replaced or refinanced has a Stated Maturity after the Stated Maturity of the Notes, such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness shall not have a Stated Maturity earlier than 90 days after the Stated
Maturity of any Notes then outstanding; 

(3) such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness has a Weighted Average Life to
Maturity at the time it is incurred that is not less than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the Indebtedness being renewed, refunded, refinanced, replaced, defeased or discharged; and 

38 

(4) if the Indebtedness being renewed, refunded, refinanced, replaced,
defeased or discharged is subordinated in right of payment to the Notes, such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness is subordinated in right of payment to the Notes on terms at least as favorable to the Holders as those contained in the documentation
governing the Indebtedness being renewed, refunded, refinanced, replaced, defeased or discharged; 

provided, however, that Permitted
Refinancing Indebtedness shall not include (x) Indebtedness of a Subsidiary of the Company (other than a Guarantor) that refinances Indebtedness of the Company or a Guarantor or (y) Indebtedness of the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary
that refinances Indebtedness of an Unrestricted Subsidiary. 

Permitted Tax Restructuring means any reorganizations and
other activities related to tax planning and tax reorganization entered into prior to, on or after the Issue Date so long as such Permitted Tax Restructuring is not materially adverse to the Holders of the Notes (as determined by the Company in good
faith). 

Person means any individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organization, limited liability company or government or other entity. 

PHC means PHC, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation, and its subsidiaries. 

Physician Support Obligation means a loan to or on behalf of, or a guarantee of Indebtedness of, a Qualified Physician made
or given by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (a) in the ordinary course of its business, and (b) pursuant to a written agreement having a period not to exceed five years; provided, however, that any such guarantee of
Indebtedness of a Qualified Physician shall be expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Notes or the Note Guarantees, as the case may be. 

PiC Transaction means the acquisition of the entire issued share capital of Partnerships in Care Investments 1 Limited, a
company incorporated in England and Wales, pursuant to that certain Agreement, dated as of June 3, 2014, by and among Piper Holdco 2, Ltd., an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (as purchaser), The Royal Bank of Scotland plc (as
Seller), Partnerships in Care Holdings Limited (as Seller) and the Company. 

Preferred Stock means any Equity Interest
with preferential rights of payment of dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up. 

Private Placement
Legend means the legend set forth in Section 2.06(g)(1) hereof to be placed on all Notes issued under this Indenture except where otherwise permitted by the provisions of this Indenture. 

Pro Forma Cost Savings means, without duplication, with respect to any period, (1) the reductions in costs and other
operating improvements or synergies that are implemented, committed to be implemented, the commencement of implementation of which has begun or are reasonably expected to be implemented in good faith with respect to a pro forma event within twenty-four months of the date of the determination to take such action with respect to such pro forma event and that are supportable and quantifiable, as if all such reductions in costs and other operating
improvements or synergies had been effected as of the beginning of such period, decreased by any non-one-time incremental expenses incurred or to be incurred during such

39 

four-quarter period in order to achieve such reduction in costs and (2) all adjustments used in connection with the calculation of Adjusted
EBITDA as set forth in the footnotes under the caption SummarySummary Historical Condensed Consolidated Financial Data in the Offering Memorandum, in each case to the extent such adjustments, without duplication, continue to
be applicable to such four quarter period. 

QIB means a qualified institutional buyer as defined in Rule
144A. 

Qualified Physicians means one or more physicians or health care professionals providing service to patients in
a health care facility owned, operated or managed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. 

Qualified Securitization
Financing means a Securitization Financing that meets the following conditions: (a) such Qualified Securitization Financing (including financing terms, covenants, termination events and other provisions) is in the aggregate
economically fair and reasonable to the Company and the Securitization Subsidiary (as determined by the Company in good faith), (b) all sales and/or contributions of Securitization Assets and related assets to the Securitization Subsidiary are made
at fair market value (as determined by the Company in good faith) and (c) such Securitization Financing is non-recourse to the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any Securitization
Subsidiary) other than with respect to Standard Securitization Undertakings. 

Qualifying Equity Interests means Equity
Interests of the Company other than Disqualified Stock. 

Regulation S means Regulation S promulgated under the
Securities Act. 

Regulation S Global Note means a Regulation S Temporary Global Note or Regulation S Permanent Global
Note, as appropriate. 

Regulation S Permanent Global Note means a permanent Global Note in the form of Exhibit A1
hereto bearing the Global Note Legend and the Private Placement Legend and deposited with or on behalf of and registered in the name of the Depositary or its nominee, issued in a denomination equal to the outstanding principal amount of the
Regulation S Temporary Global Note exchanged therefor upon and after expiration of the Restricted Period. 

Regulation S Temporary
Global Note means a temporary Global Note in the form of Exhibit A2 hereto deposited with or on behalf of and registered in the name of the Depositary or its nominee, issued in a denomination equal to the outstanding principal amount
of the Notes initially sold in reliance on Rule 903 of Regulation S. 

Related Business Assets means assets (other than
cash or Cash Equivalents) used or useful in a Permitted Business and not classified as current assets under GAAP; provided, that assets received by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary in exchange for assets transferred by the Company or a
Restricted Subsidiary will not qualify as Related Business Assets if they consist of securities of a Person, unless upon receipt of such securities such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary of the Company. 

40 

Related Taxes means any taxes, including sales, use, transfer, rental, ad
valorem, value added, stamp, property, consumption, franchise, license, capital, registration, business, customs, net worth, gross receipts, excise, occupancy, intangibles or similar taxes and other fees and expenses (other than (x) taxes
measured by income and (y) withholding taxes on payments made by any direct or indirect parent entity of the Company other than to another direct or indirect parent entity), required to be paid (provided such taxes are in fact paid) by
any direct or indirect parent entity by virtue of its: 

(a) being organized or having Capital Stock outstanding (but not by
virtue of owning stock or other equity interests of any corporation or other entity other than, directly or indirectly, the Company or any of the Companys Subsidiaries) or otherwise maintain its existence or good standing under applicable law,

(b) being a holding company parent, directly or indirectly, of the Company or any Subsidiaries of the Company, 

(c) receiving dividends from or other distributions in respect of the Capital Stock of, directly or indirectly, the Company or
any Subsidiaries of the Company or any parent entity, or 

(d) having made any payment in respect to any of the items for
which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is permitted to make payments to any parent entity pursuant to Section 4.07 hereof. 

Responsible Officer shall mean, when used with respect to the Trustee, any officer within the Corporate Trust Office of the
Trustee, including any vice president, assistant vice president, assistant secretary, assistant treasurer, trust officer, senior associate or any other officer of the Trustee who customarily performs functions similar to those performed by the
Persons who at the time shall be such officers, respectively, and who shall have direct responsibility for the administration of this Indenture or to whom any corporate trust matter is referred because of such persons knowledge of and
familiarity with the particular subject. 

Restricted Definitive Note means a Definitive Note bearing the Private
Placement Legend. 

Restricted Global Note means a Global Note bearing the Private Placement Legend. 

Restricted Investment means an Investment other than a Permitted Investment. 

Restricted Period means the 40-day distribution compliance period as defined in
Regulation S. 

Restricted Subsidiary of a Person means any Subsidiary of the referent Person that is not an
Unrestricted Subsidiary. 

Rule 144 means Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act. 

Rule 144A means Rule 144A promulgated under the Securities Act. 

41 

Rule 903 means Rule 903 promulgated under the Securities Act. 

Rule 904 means Rule 904 promulgated under the Securities Act. 

Sale and Leaseback Transaction means any arrangement providing for the leasing by the Company or any of the Restricted
Subsidiaries of any real or tangible personal property, which property has been or is to be sold or transferred by the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary to a third Person in contemplation of such leasing. 

Screened Affiliate means any Affiliate of a holder (i) that makes investment decisions independently from such Holder
and any other Affiliate of such Holder that is not a Screened Affiliate, (ii) that has in place customary information screens between it and such Holder and any other Affiliate of such Holder that is not a Screened Affiliate and such screens
prohibit the sharing of information with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries, (iii) whose investment policies are not directed by such Holder or any other Affiliate of such Holder that is acting in concert with such Holder in connection
with its investment in the Notes, and (iv) whose investment decisions are not influenced by the investment decisions of such Holder or any other Affiliate of such Holder that is acting in concert with such Holder in connection with its
investment in the Notes. 

S&P means Standard & Poors Ratings Group. 

SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Secured Indebtedness means any Indebtedness secured by a Lien. 

Secured Leverage Ratio means, with respect to any Person, at any date the ratio of (a) the sum of the aggregate
outstanding Secured Indebtedness of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than Secured Indebtedness of the type described in clause (6) of the definition of Indebtedness) as of such date of calculation (determined on a consolidated
basis in accordance with GAAP), plus any Reserved Indebtedness Amount, minus the amount of cash and Cash Equivalents held by such person and its Restricted Subsidiaries as of such date of calculation (determined on a consolidated basis
in accordance with GAAP), to (b) Consolidated EBITDA of such Person for the four full fiscal quarters for which internal financial statements are available immediately preceding such date on which such additional Indebtedness is incurred. In
the event that the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries incurs, assumes, Guarantees, repays, repurchases, defeases, redeems or otherwise discharges any Indebtedness subsequent to the commencement of the period for which the Secured Leverage
Ratio is being calculated but on or prior to the event for which the calculation of the Secured Leverage Ratio is made, then the Secured Leverage Ratio shall be calculated giving pro forma effect to such incurrence, assumption, Guarantee, repayment,
repurchase, redemption, defeasance or other discharge of Indebtedness as if the same had occurred at the beginning of the applicable four-quarter period. The Secured Leverage Ratio shall be calculated in a
manner consistent with the definition of the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, including any pro forma calculations to EBITDA (including for acquisitions). 

Securitization Assets means (a) the accounts receivable subject to a Qualified Securitization Financing and the
proceeds thereof and (b) contract rights, lockbox accounts and records with respect to such accounts receivable and any other assets customarily transferred together with accounts receivable in a securitization financing. 

42 

Securitization Financing means any transaction or series of transactions
that may be entered into by the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries pursuant to which the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries may sell, contribute, convey or otherwise transfer to (a) a Securitization Subsidiary (in the case
of a transfer by the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries) or (b) any other Person (in the case of a transfer by a Securitization Subsidiary), or may grant a security interest in, any Securitization Assets of the Company or any of its
Restricted Subsidiaries, and any assets related thereto, including all collateral securing such Securitization Assets, all contracts and all guarantees or other obligations in respect of such Securitization Assets, proceeds of such Securitization
Assets and other assets that are customarily transferred or in respect of which security interests are customarily granted in connection with asset securitization transactions involving Securitization Assets. The amount or
principal amount of any Securitization Financing shall be deemed at any time to be the aggregate principal, capital or stated amount (or the substantive equivalent of any of the foregoing) of the Indebtedness, other securities or
interests referred to in the first sentence of this definition or, if there shall be no such principal, capital or stated amount (or the substantive equivalent of any of the foregoing), the uncollected amount of the accounts receivable or interests
therein transferred pursuant to such Securitization Financing, net of any such accounts receivables or interests therein that have been written off as uncollectible. Such amount or principal amount shall not include any
amount of Indebtedness owing by any Securitization Subsidiary to the Company or any Restricted Subsidiaries to the extent that such intercompany Indebtedness has been incurred to finance, in part, the transfers of Securitization Assets to such
Securitization Subsidiary. 

Securitization Subsidiary means a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of the Company that is a special
purpose entity and engages in no activities other than in connection with the financing of Securitization Assets of the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries and any business or activities incidental or related to such business. 

Short Derivative Instrument means a Derivative Instrument (i) the value of which generally decreases, and/or the
payment or delivery obligations under which generally increase, with positive changes to the Performance References and/or (ii) the value of which generally increases, and/or the payment or delivery obligations under which generally decrease,
with negative changes to the Performance References. 

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Significant Subsidiary means any Restricted Subsidiary that would be a significant subsidiary as defined in
Article 1, Rule 1-02(w)(2) of Regulation S-X, promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Regulation is in effect on the Issue Date. 

Standard Securitization Undertakings means representations, warranties, covenants, repurchase obligations and indemnities
entered into by the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that are customary in a Securitization Financing (as determined by the Company in good faith). 

43 

Stated Maturity means, with respect to any installment of interest or
principal on any series of Indebtedness, the date on which the payment of interest or principal was scheduled to be paid in the original documentation governing such Indebtedness and will not include any contingent obligations to repay, redeem or
repurchase any such interest or principal prior to the date originally scheduled for the payment thereof. 

Subsidiary
means, with respect to any specified Person: 

(1) any corporation, association or other business entity of which more than
50% of the total voting power of shares of Capital Stock entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency and after giving effect to any voting agreement or stockholders agreement that effectively transfers voting power) to vote
in the election of directors, managers or trustees of the corporation, association or other business entity is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by that Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person (or a
combination thereof); and 

(2) any partnership or limited liability company of which (a) more than 50% of the capital
accounts, distribution rights, total equity and voting interests or general and limited partnership interests, as applicable, are owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person or
a combination thereof, whether in the form of membership, general, special or limited partnership interests or otherwise, and (b) such Person or any Subsidiary of such Person is a controlling general partner or otherwise controls such entity.

TIA means the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended (15 U.S.C. 
77aaa-77bbbb).

Total Assets means the total consolidated assets of the Company
and its Restricted Subsidiaries as set forth on the most recent consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries; determined on a pro forma basis in a manner consistent with the definition of Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio.

Total Leverage Ratio means, with respect to any person, at any date the ratio of (a) the sum of the aggregate
outstanding Indebtedness of such person and its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than Secured Indebtedness of the type described in clause (6) of the definition of Indebtedness) as of such date of calculation (determined on a consolidated basis
in accordance with GAAP), plus any Reserved Indebtedness Amount, minus the amount of cash and Cash Equivalents held by such person and its Restricted Subsidiaries as of such date of calculation (determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with
GAAP), to (b) Consolidated EBITDA of such person for the four full fiscal quarters for which internal financial statements are available immediately preceding such date on which such additional Indebtedness is incurred. In the event that the
Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries incurs, assumes, Guarantees, repays, repurchases, defeases, redeems or otherwise discharges any Indebtedness subsequent to the commencement of the period for which the Total Leverage Ratio is being
calculated but on or prior to the event for which the calculation of the Total Leverage Ratio is made, then the Total Leverage Ratio shall be calculated giving pro forma effect to such incurrence, assumption, Guarantee, repayment, repurchase,
redemption, defeasance or other discharge of Indebtedness as if the same had occurred at the beginning of the applicable four-quarter period. The Total Leverage Ratio shall be calculated in a manner consistent with the definition of the Fixed
Charge Coverage Ratio, including any pro forma calculations to EBITDA (including for acquisitions). 

44 

Transactions means the Merger, including the payment of the merger
consideration in connection therewith, the issuance of the Existing 2018 Notes and the execution of, and borrowings on the Existing 2018 Notes Issue Date under the credit facility, in each case as in effect on the Existing 2018 Notes Issue Date, the
pledge and security arrangements in connection with the foregoing, the refinancing of certain Indebtedness in connection with the foregoing and the related transactions described in the offering memorandum relating to the Existing 2018 Notes, in
particular as described under the section thereof entitled The Transactions, including the amendment of the Companys credit facility in contemplation of the Merger, the Management Services Termination Fees and the dividend to
the Companys stockholders. 

Treasury Management Arrangement means any agreement or other arrangement governing
the provision of treasury or cash management services, including deposit accounts, overdraft, credit or debit card, funds transfer, automated clearinghouse, zero balance accounts, returned check concentration, controlled disbursement, lockbox,
account reconciliation and reporting and trade finance services, cash pooling or netting or setting off arrangements and other cash management services. 

Treasury Rate means, as of any redemption date, the yield to maturity as of such redemption date of United States Treasury
securities with a constant maturity (as compiled and published in the most recent Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519) that has become publicly available at least two Business Days prior to the redemption date (or, if such Statistical
Release is no longer published, any publicly available source of similar market data)) most nearly equal to the period from the redemption date to March 15, 2028; provided, however, that if the period from the redemption date to
March 15, 2028 is less than one year, the weekly average yield on actually traded United States Treasury securities adjusted to a constant maturity of one year will be used. 

Trustee means U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, until a successor replaces it in accordance with the
applicable provisions of this Indenture and thereafter means the successor serving hereunder. 

Unrestricted Definitive
Note means a Definitive Note that does not bear and is not required to bear the Private Placement Legend. 

Unrestricted
Global Note means a Global Note that does not bear and is not required to bear the Private Placement Legend. 

Unrestricted Subsidiary means (i) any Subsidiary of the Company that is designated by the Board of Directors of the
Company as an Unrestricted Subsidiary pursuant to a resolution of such Board of Directors and (ii) any Subsidiary of an Unrestricted Subsidiary. The Company may designate any Subsidiary of the Company, (including any newly acquired or newly
formed Subsidiary or a Person becoming a Subsidiary through merger, consolidation or other business combination transaction, or Investment therein), to be an Unrestricted Subsidiary only if: 

45 

(1) at the time of such designation, such Subsidiary or any of its
Subsidiaries does not own any Capital Stock of the Company or any other Subsidiary of the Company which is not a Subsidiary of the Subsidiary to be so designated or otherwise an Unrestricted Subsidiary; and 

(2) such designation and the Investment, if any, of the Company in such Subsidiary complies with Section 4.07 hereof. 

U.S. Person means a U.S. Person as defined in Rule 902(k) promulgated under the Securities Act. 

Voting Stock of any specified Person as of any date means the Capital Stock of such Person that is at the time entitled to
vote in the election of the Board of Directors of such Person. 

Weighted Average Life to Maturity means, when applied
to any Indebtedness at any date, the number of years obtained by dividing: 

(1) the sum of the products obtained by
multiplying (a) the amount of each then remaining installment, sinking fund, serial maturity or other required payments of principal, including payment at final maturity, in respect of the Indebtedness, by (b) the number of years
(calculated to the nearest one-twelfth) that will elapse between such date and the making of such payment; by

(2) the then outstanding principal amount of such Indebtedness. 

Wholly Owned Restricted Subsidiary means any Wholly Owned Subsidiary that is a Restricted Subsidiary. 

Wholly Owned Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, a Subsidiary of such Person, 100% of the outstanding Capital
Stock or other ownership interest of which (other than directors qualifying shares or shares or interests required to be held by foreign nationals or other third parties to the extent required by applicable law) shall at the time be owned by
such Person or by one or more Wholly Owned Subsidiaries of such Person. 

Section 1.02. Other Definitions. 

Term 

Defined in

Section

Acceptable Commitment 4.10

Advance Offer 4.10

Advance Portion 4.10

Affiliate Transaction 4.11

Applicable Premium Deficit 8.04

Asset Sale Offer 3.09

Authentication Order 2.02

Change of Control Offer 4.14

Change of Control Payment Date 4.14

Change of Control Payment 4.14

46 

Covenant Defeasance 8.03

Declined Excess Proceeds 4.10

Directing Holder 6.02

DTC 2.03

Event of Default 6.01

Excess Proceeds 4.10

Increased Amount 4.12

incur 4.09

Initial Default 6.04

Investment Grade Status 4.18

LCT Election 1.05

LCT Public Offer 1.05

LCT Test Date 1.05

Legal Defeasance 8.02

Noteholder Direction 6.02

Offer Amount 3.09

Offer Period 3.09

Paying Agent 2.03

Payment Default 6.01

Permitted Debt 4.09

Position Representation 6.02

Proceeds Application Period 4.10

Purchase Date 3.09

Registrar 2.03

Registrar 2.03

Reserved Indebtedness Amount 4.09

Restricted Payments 4.07

Reversion Date 4.18

Suspended Covenants 4.18

Suspension Period 4.18

Verification Covenant 6.02

Section 1.03. Inapplicability of Trust Indenture Act. 

No provisions of the TIA are incorporated by reference in or made a part of this Indenture unless explicitly incorporated by reference. Unless
specifically provided in this Indenture, no terms that are defined under the TIA have such meanings for purposes of this Indenture. 

Section 1.04. Rules of Construction. 

Unless the context otherwise requires: 

(1) a term has the meaning assigned to it; 

(2) an accounting term not otherwise defined has the meaning assigned to it in accordance with GAAP; 

47 

(3) or is not exclusive; 

(4) the term including is not limiting; 

(5) words in the singular include the plural, and in the plural include the singular; 

(6) will shall be interpreted to express a command; 

(7) provisions apply to successive events and transactions; and 

(8) references to sections of or rules under the Securities Act will be deemed to include substitute, replacement or successor
sections or rules adopted by the SEC from time to time. 

Section 1.05. Limited Condition Transactions. 

When calculating the availability under any basket or ratio under this Indenture or compliance with any provision of this Indenture in
connection with any Limited Condition Transaction and any actions or transactions related thereto (including acquisitions, Investments, the incurrence, issuance or assumption of Indebtedness and the use of proceeds thereof, the incurrence or
creation of Liens, repayments, Restricted Payments and Asset Sales), in each case, at the option of the Company (the Companys election to exercise such option, an LCT Election), the date of determination for availability
under any such basket or ratio and whether any such action or transaction is permitted (or any requirement or condition therefor is complied with or satisfied (including as to the absence of any continuing Default or Event of Default)) under this
Indenture shall be deemed to be the date (the LCT Test Date) either (a) the definitive agreement for such Limited Condition Transaction is entered into (or, if applicable, the date of delivery of an irrevocable declaration of
a Restricted Payment or similar event), or (b) solely in connection with an acquisition to which the United Kingdom City Code on Takeovers and Mergers applies, the date on which a Rule 2.7 announcement of a firm intention to make an
offer (or equivalent announcement in another jurisdiction) (an LCT Public Offer) in respect of a target of a Limited Condition Transaction and, in each case, if, after giving pro forma effect to the Limited Condition Transaction
and any actions or transactions related thereto (including acquisitions, Investments, the incurrence, issuance or assumption of Indebtedness and the use of proceeds thereof, the incurrence or creation of Liens, repayments, Restricted Payments and
Asset Sales) and any related pro forma adjustments, the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries would have been permitted to take such actions or consummate such transactions on the relevant LCT Test Date in compliance with such ratio, test or
basket (and any related requirements and conditions), such ratio, test or basket (and any related requirements and conditions) shall be deemed to have been complied with (or satisfied) for all purposes (in the case of Indebtedness, for example,
whether such Indebtedness is committed, issued, assumed or incurred at the LCT Test Date or at any time thereafter); provided, that (a) if financial statements for one or more subsequent fiscal quarters shall have become available, the
Company may elect, in its sole discretion, to redetermine all such ratios, tests or baskets on the basis of such financial statements, in which case, such date of redetermination shall thereafter be the applicable LCT Test Date for purposes of such
ratios, tests or baskets, (b) except as contemplated in the 

48 

foregoing clause (a), compliance with such ratios, test or baskets (and any related requirements and conditions) shall not be determined or tested at any time after the applicable LCT Test Date
for such Limited Condition Transaction and any actions or transaction related thereto (including acquisitions, Investments, the incurrence, issuance or assumption of Indebtedness and the use of proceeds thereof, the incurrence or creation of Liens,
repayments, Restricted Payments and Asset Sales) and (c) consolidated interest expense for purposes of the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio will be calculated using an assumed interest rate as reasonably determined by the Company. 

For the avoidance of doubt, if the Company has made an LCT Election, (1) if any of the ratios, tests or baskets for which compliance was
determined or tested as of the LCT Test Date would at any time after the LCT Test Date have been exceeded or otherwise failed to have been complied with as a result of fluctuations in any such ratio, test or basket, including due to fluctuations in
EBITDA or Total Assets of the Company or the Person subject to such Limited Condition Transaction, such baskets, tests or ratios will not be deemed to have been exceeded or failed to have been complied with as a result of such fluctuations;
(2) if any related requirements and conditions (including as to the absence of any continuing Default or Event of Default) for which compliance or satisfaction was determined or tested as of the LCT Test Date would at any time after the LCT
Test Date not have been complied with or satisfied (including due to the occurrence or continuation of an Default or Event of Default), such requirements and conditions will not be deemed to have been failed to be complied with or satisfied (and
such Default or Event of Default shall be deemed not to have occurred or be continuing); and (3) in calculating the availability under any ratio, test or basket in connection with any action or transaction unrelated to such Limited Condition
Transaction following the relevant LCT Test Date and prior to the earlier of the date on which such Limited Condition Transaction is consummated or the date that the definitive agreement or date for redemption, purchase or repayment specified in an
irrevocable notice for such Limited Condition Transaction is terminated, expires or passes (or, if applicable, the irrevocable notice is terminated, expires or passes or, as applicable, the offer in respect of an LCT Public Offer for, such
acquisition is terminated), as applicable, without consummation of such Limited Condition Transaction, any such ratio, test or basket shall be determined or tested giving pro forma effect to such Limited Condition Transaction. 

ARTICLE 2 

THE NOTES

Section 2.01. Form and Dating. 

(a) General. The Notes and the Trustees certificate of authentication will be substantially in the form of Exhibits A1 and
A2 hereto. The Notes may have notations, legends or endorsements required by law, stock exchange rule or usage; provided that any such notations, legends or endorsements are in a form reasonably acceptable to the Company. Each Note will be
dated the date of its authentication. The Notes shall be in denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. 

The terms and provisions contained in the Notes will constitute, and are hereby expressly made, a part of this Indenture and the Company, the
Guarantors and the Trustee, by their execution and delivery of this Indenture, expressly agree to such terms and provisions and to be bound thereby. However, to the extent any provision of any Note conflicts with the express provisions of this
Indenture, the provisions of this Indenture shall govern and be controlling. 

49 

(b) Global Notes. Notes issued in global form will be substantially in the form of
Exhibits A1 or A2 hereto (including the Global Note Legend thereon and the Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note attached thereto). Notes issued in definitive form will be substantially in the form of Exhibit A1
hereto (but without the Global Note Legend thereon and without the Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note attached thereto). Each Global Note will represent such of the outstanding Notes as will be specified therein and
each shall provide that it represents the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes from time to time endorsed thereon and that the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes represented thereby may from time to time be reduced or
increased, as appropriate, to reflect exchanges and redemptions. Any endorsement of a Global Note to reflect the amount of any increase or decrease in the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes represented thereby will be made by the
Trustee or the Custodian, at the direction of the Trustee, in accordance with instructions given by the Holder thereof as required by Section 2.06 hereof. 

(c) Temporary Global Notes. Notes offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S will be issued initially in the form of the Regulation S
Temporary Global Note, which will be deposited on behalf of the purchasers of the Notes represented thereby with the Trustee, as Custodian for the Depositary, and registered in the name of the Depositary or the nominee of the Depositary for the
accounts of designated agents holding on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, duly executed by the Company and authenticated by the Trustee as hereinafter provided. After the expiration of the Restricted Periods and upon the receipt by the Trustee
of: 

(1) certificates from Euroclear and Clearstream, substantially in the form of Exhibit F hereto, certifying that
they have received certification of non-United States beneficial ownership of 100% of the aggregate principal amount of the Regulation S Temporary Global Note (except to the extent of any Beneficial Owners
thereof who acquired an interest therein during the Restricted Period pursuant to another exemption from registration under the Securities Act and who will take delivery of a beneficial ownership interest in a 144A Global Note bearing a Private
Placement Legend, all as contemplated by Section 2.06(b) hereof); and 

(2) an Officers Certificate from the
Company, beneficial interests in the Regulation S Temporary Global Note will be exchanged for beneficial interests in the Regulation S Permanent Global Note pursuant to the Applicable Procedures. Simultaneously with such exchange of the Regulation S
Permanent Global Note, the Trustee will cancel the Regulation S Temporary Global Note. The aggregate principal amount of the Regulation S Temporary Global Note and the Regulation S Permanent Global Note may from time to time be increased or
decreased by adjustments made on the records of the Trustee and the Depositary or its nominee, as the case may be, in connection with transfers of interests as hereinafter provided. 

(d) Euroclear and Clearstream Procedures Applicable. The provisions of the Operating Procedures of the Euroclear System and
Terms and Conditions Governing Use of Euroclear and the General Terms and Conditions of Clearstream Banking and Customer Handbook of Clearstream will be applicable to transfers of beneficial interests in the
Regulation S Temporary Global Note and the Regulation S Permanent Global Note that are held by Participants through Euroclear or Clearstream. 

50 

Section 2.02. Execution and Authentication. 

At least one Officer must sign the Notes for the Company by manual or facsimile signature. 

If an Officer whose signature is on a Note no longer holds that office at the time a Note is authenticated, the Note will nevertheless be
valid. 

A Note will not be valid until authenticated by the manual signature of an authorized signatory of the Trustee. The signature will
be conclusive evidence that the Note has been duly authenticated and delivered under this Indenture. 

The Trustee will, upon receipt of a
written order of the Company signed by an Officer of the Company (an Authentication Order), authenticate Notes for original issue, of which (a) $550,000,000 in aggregate principal amount will be issued on the Issue Date and
(b) any Additional Notes may be issued in the future as more fully set forth in Section 2.14. The aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any time may not exceed the aggregate principal amount of Notes authorized for issuance by
the Company pursuant to one or more Authentication Orders, except as provided in Section 2.07 hereof. The Initial Notes and any Additional Notes shall be treated as a single class, in each case for all purposes under this Indenture, including
without limitation, waivers, amendments, redemptions and offers to purchase. 

The Trustee may appoint an authenticating agent acceptable
to the Company to authenticate Notes. An authenticating agent may authenticate Notes whenever the Trustee may do so. Each reference in this Indenture to authentication by the Trustee includes authentication by such agent. An authenticating agent has
the same rights as an Agent to deal with Holders or an Affiliate of the Company. 

Section 2.03. Registrar and Paying Agent.

The Company will maintain an office or agency where Notes may be presented for registration of transfer or for exchange
(Registrar) and an office or agency where Notes may be presented for payment (Paying Agent). The Registrar will keep a register of the Notes and of their transfer and exchange. The Company may appoint one or
more co-registrars and one or more additional paying agents. The term Registrar includes any co-registrar and the term Paying Agent includes any
additional paying agent. The Company may change any Paying Agent or Registrar without notice to any Holder. The Company will notify the Trustee in writing of the name and address of any Agent not a party to this Indenture. If the Company fails to
appoint or maintain another entity as Registrar or Paying Agent, the Trustee shall act as such. The Company or any of its Subsidiaries may act as Paying Agent or Registrar. 

The Company initially appoints The Depository Trust Company (DTC) to act as Depositary with respect to the Global Notes.

51 

The Company initially appoints the Trustee to act as the Registrar and Paying Agent and to
act as Custodian with respect to the Global Notes. 

Section 2.04. Paying Agent to Hold Money in Trust. 

The Company will require each Paying Agent other than the Trustee to agree in writing that the Paying Agent will hold in trust for the benefit
of Holders or the Trustee all money held by the Paying Agent for the payment of principal of, premium on, if any, and interest, if any, on, the Notes, and will notify the Trustee of any Default by the Company in making any such payment. While any
such Default continues, the Trustee may require a Paying Agent to pay all money held by it to the Trustee. The Company at any time may require a Paying Agent to pay all money held by it to the Trustee. Upon payment over to the Trustee, the Paying
Agent (if other than the Company or a Subsidiary) will have no further liability for the money. If the Company or a Subsidiary acts as Paying Agent, it will segregate and hold in a separate trust fund for the benefit of the Holders all money held by
it as Paying Agent. Upon any bankruptcy or reorganization proceedings relating to the Company, the Trustee will serve as Paying Agent for the Notes. 

Section 2.05. Holder Lists. 

The Trustee will preserve in as current a form as is reasonably practicable the most recent list available to it of the names and addresses of
all Holders. If the Trustee is not the Registrar, the Company will furnish to the Trustee at least seven Business Days before each interest payment date and at such other times as the Trustee may request in writing, a list in such form and as of
such date as the Trustee may reasonably require of the names and addresses of the Holders of Notes. 

Section 2.06. Transfer and
Exchange. 

(a) Transfer and Exchange of Global Notes. A Global Note may not be transferred except as a whole by the Depositary
to a nominee of the Depositary, by a nominee of the Depositary to the Depositary or to another nominee of the Depositary, or by the Depositary or any such nominee to a successor Depositary or a nominee of such successor Depositary. All Global Notes
will be exchanged by the Company for Definitive Notes if: 

(1) the Company delivers to the Trustee notice from the
Depositary that it is unwilling or unable to continue to act as Depositary or that it is no longer a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act and, in either case, a successor Depositary is not appointed by the Company within 120 days after
the date of such notice from the Depositary; 

(2) the Company in its sole discretion determines, subject to the procedures
of the Depositary, that the Global Notes (in whole but not in part) should be exchanged for Definitive Notes and delivers a written notice to such effect to the Trustee; provided that in no event shall the Regulation S Temporary Global Note
be exchanged by the Company for Definitive Notes prior to (A) the expiration of the Restricted Period and (B) the receipt by the Trustee of the certificates required pursuant to Section 2.01(c) hereof; or 

52 

(3) there has occurred and is continuing a Default or Event of Default with
respect to the Notes and the Beneficial Owners thereof have requested such exchange. 

Upon the occurrence of either of the preceding
events in (1) or (2) above, Definitive Notes shall be issued in such names as the Depositary shall instruct the Trustee. Global Notes also may be exchanged or replaced, in whole or in part, as provided in Sections 2.07 and 2.10 hereof.
Every Note authenticated and delivered in exchange for, or in lieu of, a Global Note or any portion thereof, pursuant to this Section 2.06 or Section 2.07 or 2.10 hereof, shall be authenticated and delivered in the form of, and shall be, a
Global Note. A Global Note may not be exchanged for another Note other than as provided in this Section 2.06(a), however, beneficial interests in a Global Note may be transferred and exchanged as provided in Section 2.06(b), (c), (d) or
(f) hereof. 

(b) Transfer and Exchange of Beneficial Interests in the Global Notes. The transfer and exchange of beneficial
interests in the Global Notes will be effected through the Depositary, in accordance with the provisions of this Indenture and the Applicable Procedures. None of the Company, Trustee, Paying Agent, nor any Agent of the Company shall have any
responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payment made on account of beneficial ownership interests in a Global Note, or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership
interests. Beneficial interests in the Restricted Global Notes will be subject to restrictions on transfer comparable to those set forth herein to the extent required by the Securities Act. Transfers of beneficial interests in the Global Notes also
will require compliance with either subparagraph (1) or (2) below, as applicable, as well as one or more of the other following subparagraphs, as applicable: 

(1) Transfer of Beneficial Interests in the Same Global Note. Beneficial interests in any Restricted Global Note may be
transferred to Persons who take delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in the same Restricted Global Note in accordance with the transfer restrictions set forth in the Private Placement Legend; provided, however, that
prior to the expiration of the Restricted Period, transfers of beneficial interests in the Regulation S Temporary Global Note may not be made to a U.S. Person or for the account or benefit of a U.S. Person (other than the Initial Purchaser).
Beneficial interests in any Unrestricted Global Note may be transferred to Persons who take delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note. No written orders or instructions shall be required to be delivered to
the Registrar to effect the transfers described in this Section 2.06(b)(1). 

(2) All Other Transfers and Exchanges
of Beneficial Interests in Global Notes. In connection with all transfers and exchanges of beneficial interests that are not subject to Section 2.06(b)(1) above, the transferor of such beneficial interest must deliver to the Registrar
either: 

(A) both: 

(i) a written order from a Participant or an Indirect Participant given to the Depositary in accordance with the Applicable
Procedures directing the Depositary to credit or cause to be credited a beneficial interest in another Global Note in an amount equal to the beneficial interest to be transferred or exchanged; and 

53 

(ii) instructions given in accordance with the Applicable Procedures
containing information regarding the Participant account to be credited with such increase; or 

(B) both: 

(i) a written order from a Participant or an Indirect Participant given to the Depositary in accordance with the Applicable
Procedures directing the Depositary to cause to be issued a Definitive Note in an amount equal to the beneficial interest to be transferred or exchanged; and 

(ii) instructions given by the Depositary to the Registrar containing information regarding the Person in whose name such
Definitive Note shall be registered to effect the transfer or exchange referred to in (1) above; 

provided that in no event
shall Definitive Notes be issued upon the transfer or exchange of beneficial interests in the Regulation S Temporary Global Note prior to (A) the expiration of the Restricted Period and (B) the receipt by the Trustee of the certificates
required by Section 2.01(c) hereof. 

Upon satisfaction of all of the requirements for transfer or exchange of beneficial interests in
Global Notes contained in this Indenture and the Notes, the Trustee shall adjust the principal amount of the relevant Global Note(s) pursuant to Section 2.06(h) hereof. 

(3) Transfer of Beneficial Interests to Another Restricted Global Note. A beneficial interest in any Restricted Global
Note may be transferred to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in another Restricted Global Note if the transfer complies with the requirements of Section 2.06(b)(2) above and the Registrar receives the
following: 

(A) if the transferee will take delivery in the form of a beneficial interest in the 144A Global Note, then the
transferor must deliver a certificate in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (I) thereof, or 

(B) if the transferee will take delivery in the form of a beneficial interest in the Regulation S Temporary Global Note or the
Regulation S Permanent Global Note, then the transferor must deliver a certificate in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (2) thereof; 

(4) Transfer and Exchange of Beneficial Interests in a Restricted Global Note for Beneficial Interests in an Unrestricted
Global Note. A beneficial interest in any Restricted Global Note may be exchanged by any holder thereof for a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note or transferred to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial
interest in an Unrestricted Global Note if the exchange or transfer complies with the requirements of Section 2.06(b)(2) above and: 

54 

(A) any such transfer is effected pursuant to an effective registration
statement under the Securities Act; or 

(B) the Registrar receives the following: 

(i) if the holder of such beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note proposes to exchange such beneficial interest for a
beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note, a certificate from such holder substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto, including the certifications in item (1)(a) thereof; or 

(ii) if the holder of such beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note proposes to transfer such beneficial interest to a
Person who shall take delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note, a certificate from such holder substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (4) thereof;

and, in each such case set forth in this subparagraph (B), if the Company so requests or if the Applicable Procedures so
require, an Opinion of Counsel in form reasonably acceptable to the Company to the effect that such exchange or transfer is in compliance with the Securities Act and that the restrictions on transfer contained herein and in the Private Placement
Legend are no longer required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act. 

If any such exchange or transfer is effected
pursuant to subparagraph (A) or (B) above at a time when an Unrestricted Global Note has not yet been issued, the Company shall issue and, upon receipt of an Authentication Order in accordance with Section 2.02 hereof, the Trustee shall
authenticate one or more Unrestricted Global Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate principal amount of beneficial interests exchanged or transferred pursuant to subparagraph (A) or (B) above. 

Beneficial interests in an Unrestricted Global Note cannot be exchanged for, or transferred to Persons who take delivery thereof in the form
of, a beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note. 

(c) Transfer or Exchange of Beneficial Interests for Definitive Notes. 

(1) Beneficial Interests in Restricted Global Notes to Restricted Definitive Notes. If any holder of a beneficial
interest in a Restricted Global Note proposes to exchange such beneficial interest for a Restricted Definitive Note or to transfer such beneficial interest to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of a Restricted Definitive Note, then,
upon receipt by the Registrar of the following documentation: 

55 

(A) if the holder of such beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note
proposes to exchange such beneficial interest for a Restricted Definitive Note, a certificate from such holder substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto, including the certifications in item (2)(a) thereof; 

(B) if such beneficial interest is being transferred to a QIB in accordance with Rule 144A, a certificate to the effect set
forth in Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (1) thereof; 

(C) if such beneficial interest is
being transferred to a Non-U.S. Person in an offshore transaction in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904, a certificate to the effect set forth in Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item
(2) thereof; 

(D) if such beneficial interest is being transferred pursuant to an exemption from the registration
requirements of the Securities Act in accordance with Rule 144, a certificate to the effect set forth in Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (3)(a) thereof; 

(E) if such beneficial interest is being transferred to an Institutional Accredited Investor in reliance on an exemption from
the registration requirements of the Securities Act other than those listed in subparagraphs (B) through (D) above, a certificate to the effect set forth in Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications, certificates and Opinion of
Counsel required by item (3) thereof, if applicable; 

(F) if such beneficial interest is being transferred to the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, a certificate to the effect set forth in Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (3)(b) thereof; or 

(G) if such beneficial interest is being transferred pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act,
a certificate to the effect set forth in Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (3)(c) thereof, the Trustee shall cause the aggregate principal amount of the applicable Global Note to be reduced accordingly pursuant to
Section 2.06(h) hereof, and the Company shall execute and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver to the Person designated in the instructions a Definitive Note in the appropriate principal amount. Any Definitive Note issued in exchange for
a beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note pursuant to this Section 2.06(c) shall be registered in such name or names and in such authorized denomination or denominations as the holder of such beneficial interest shall instruct the
Registrar through instructions from the Depositary and the Participant or Indirect Participant. The Trustee shall deliver such Definitive Notes to the Persons in whose names such Notes are so registered. Any Definitive Note issued in exchange for a
beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note pursuant to this Section 2.06(c)(1) shall bear the Private Placement Legend and the Regulation S Temporary Global Note Legend, as applicable, and shall be subject to all restrictions on transfer
contained therein. 

56 

(2) Beneficial Interests in Regulation S Temporary Global Note to
Definitive Notes. Notwithstanding Section 2.06(c)(1)(A) and (C) hereof, a beneficial interest in the Regulation S Temporary Global Note may not be exchanged for a Definitive Note or transferred to a Person who takes delivery thereof in
the form of a Definitive Note prior to (A) the expiration of the Restricted Period and (B) the receipt by the Trustee of the certificates required pursuant to Section 2.01(c) hereof, except in the case of a transfer pursuant to an
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act other than Rule 903 or Rule 904. 

(3) Beneficial
Interests in Restricted Global Notes to Unrestricted Definitive Notes. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note may exchange such beneficial interest for an Unrestricted Definitive Note or may transfer such beneficial
interest to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of an Unrestricted Definitive Note only if: 

(A) any such
transfer is effected pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act; or 

(B) the Registrar
receives the following: 

(i) if the holder of such beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note proposes to exchange
such beneficial interest for an Unrestricted Definitive Note, a certificate from such holder substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto, including the certifications in item (1)(b) thereof; or 

(ii) if the holder of such beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note proposes to transfer such beneficial interest to a
Person who shall take delivery thereof in the form of an Unrestricted Definitive Note, a certificate from such holder in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (4) thereof; 

and, in each such case set forth in this subparagraph (B), if the Company so requests or if the Applicable Procedures so
require, an Opinion of Counsel in form reasonably acceptable to the Company to the effect that such exchange or transfer is in compliance with the Securities Act and that the restrictions on transfer contained herein and in the Private Placement
Legend are no longer required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act. 

(4) Beneficial Interests in
Unrestricted Global Notes to Unrestricted Definitive Notes. If any holder of a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note proposes to exchange such beneficial interest for a Definitive Note or to transfer such beneficial interest to a
Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of a Definitive Note, then, upon satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 2.06(b)(2) hereof, the Trustee will cause the aggregate principal amount of the applicable Unrestricted Global
Note to be reduced accordingly pursuant to Section 2.06(h) hereof, and the Company will execute and the Trustee will authenticate and deliver to the Person designated in the instructions a 

57 

Definitive Note in the appropriate principal amount. Any Definitive Note issued in exchange for a beneficial interest pursuant to this Section 2.06(c)(4) will be registered in such name or
names and in such authorized denomination or denominations as the holder of such beneficial interest requests through instructions to the Registrar from or through the Depositary and the Participant or Indirect Participant. The Trustee will deliver
such Definitive Notes to the Persons in whose names such Notes are so registered. Any Definitive Note issued in exchange for a beneficial interest pursuant to this Section 2.06(c)(4) will not bear the Private Placement Legend. 

(d) Transfer and Exchange of Definitive Notes for Beneficial Interests. 

(1) Restricted Definitive Notes to Beneficial Interests in Restricted Global Notes. If any Holder of a Restricted
Definitive Note proposes to exchange such Note for a beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note or to transfer such Restricted Definitive Notes to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in a Restricted Global
Note, then, upon receipt by the Registrar of the following documentation: 

(A) if the Holder of such Restricted Definitive
Note proposes to exchange such Note for a beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note, a certificate from such Holder in the form of Exhibit C hereto, including the certifications in item (2)(b) thereof; 

(B) if such Restricted Definitive Note is being transferred to a QIB in accordance with Rule 144A, a certificate to the effect
set forth in Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (1) thereof; 

(C) if such Restricted
Definitive Note is being transferred to a Non-U.S. Person in an offshore transaction in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904, a certificate to the effect set forth in Exhibit B hereto, including the
certifications in item (2) thereof; 

(D) if such Restricted Definitive Note is being transferred pursuant to an
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act in accordance with Rule 144, a certificate to the effect set forth in Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (3)(a) thereof; 

(E) if such Restricted Definitive Note is being transferred to an Institutional Accredited Investor in reliance on an exemption
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act other than those listed in subparagraphs (B) through (D) above, a certificate to the effect set forth in Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications, certificates and Opinion of
Counsel required by item (3) thereof, if applicable; 

(F) if such Restricted Definitive Note is being transferred to
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, a certificate to the effect set forth in Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (3)(b) thereof; or 

58 

(G) if such Restricted Definitive Note is being transferred pursuant to an
effective registration statement under the Securities Act, a certificate to the effect set forth in Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (3)(c) thereof, 

the Trustee will cancel the Restricted Definitive Note, increase or cause to be increased the aggregate principal amount of, in the case of
clause (A) above, the appropriate Restricted Global Note, in the case of clause (B) above, the 144A Global Note, and in the case of clause (C) above, the Regulation S Global Note. 

(2) Restricted Definitive Notes to Beneficial Interests in Unrestricted Global Notes. A Holder of a Restricted
Definitive Note may exchange such Note for a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note or transfer such Restricted Definitive Note to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note
only if: 

(A) any such transfer is effected pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act; or

(B) the Registrar receives the following: 

(i) if the Holder of such Definitive Notes proposes to exchange such Notes for a beneficial interest in the Unrestricted
Global Note, a certificate from such Holder substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto, including the certifications in item (1)(c) thereof; or 

(ii) if the Holder of such Definitive Notes proposes to transfer such Notes to a Person who shall take delivery thereof in the
form of a beneficial interest in the Unrestricted Global Note, a certificate from such Holder substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (4) thereof; 

and, in each such case set forth in this subparagraph (B), if the Company so requests or if the Applicable Procedures so
require, an Opinion of Counsel in form reasonably acceptable to the Company to the effect that such exchange or transfer is in compliance with the Securities Act and that the restrictions on transfer contained herein and in the Private Placement
Legend are no longer required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act. 

Upon satisfaction of the conditions
of any of the subparagraphs in this Section 2.06(d)(2), the Trustee will cancel the Definitive Notes and increase or cause to be increased the aggregate principal amount of the Unrestricted Global Note. 

(3) Unrestricted Definitive Notes to Beneficial Interests in Unrestricted Global Notes. A Holder of an Unrestricted
Definitive Note may exchange such Note for a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note or transfer such Definitive Notes to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note at any time.
Upon receipt of a request for such an exchange or transfer, the Trustee will cancel the applicable Unrestricted Definitive Note and increase or cause to be increased the aggregate principal amount of one of the Unrestricted Global Notes. 

59 

If any such exchange or transfer from a Definitive Note to a beneficial
interest is effected pursuant to subparagraphs (2)(B), (2)(D) or (3) above at a time when an Unrestricted Global Note has not yet been issued, the Company will issue and, upon receipt of an Authentication Order in accordance with
Section 2.02 hereof, the Trustee will authenticate one or more Unrestricted Global Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Definitive Notes so transferred. 

(e) Transfer and Exchange of Definitive Notes for Definitive Notes. Upon request by a Holder of Definitive Notes and such Holders
compliance with the provisions of this Section 2.06(e), the Registrar will register the transfer or exchange of Definitive Notes. Prior to such registration of transfer or exchange, the requesting Holder must present or surrender to the
Registrar the Definitive Notes duly endorsed or accompanied by a written instruction of transfer in form satisfactory to the Registrar duly executed by such Holder or by its attorney, duly authorized in writing. In addition, the requesting Holder
must provide any additional certifications, documents and information, as applicable, required pursuant to the following provisions of this Section 2.06(e). 

(1) Restricted Definitive Notes to Restricted Definitive Notes. Any Restricted Definitive Note may be transferred to and
registered in the name of Persons who take delivery thereof in the form of a Restricted Definitive Note if the Registrar receives the following: 

(A) if the transfer will be made to a QIB in accordance with Rule 144A, then the transferor must deliver a certificate
substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (1) thereof; 

(B) if the
transfer will be made pursuant to Rule 903 or Rule 904, then the transferor must deliver a certificate in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (2) thereof; and 

(C) if the transfer will be made pursuant to any other exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, then
the transferor must deliver a certificate in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications, certificates and Opinion of Counsel required by item (3) thereof, if applicable. 

(2) Restricted Definitive Notes to Unrestricted Definitive Notes. Any Restricted Definitive Note may be exchanged by the
Holder thereof for an Unrestricted Definitive Note or transferred to a Person or Persons who take delivery thereof in the form of an Unrestricted Definitive Note if: 

(A) any such transfer is effected pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act; or 

(B) the Registrar receives the following: 

60 

(i) if the Holder of such Restricted Definitive Notes proposes to exchange
such Notes for an Unrestricted Definitive Note, a certificate from such Holder in the form of Exhibit C hereto, including the certifications in item (1)(d) thereof; or 

(ii) if the Holder of such Restricted Definitive Notes proposes to transfer such Notes to a Person who shall take delivery
thereof in the form of an Unrestricted Definitive Note, a certificate from such Holder in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (4) thereof; 

and, in each such case set forth in this subparagraph (B), if the Company so requests, an Opinion of Counsel in form reasonably
acceptable to the Company to the effect that such exchange or transfer is in compliance with the Securities Act and that the restrictions on transfer contained herein and in the Private Placement Legend are no longer required in order to maintain
compliance with the Securities Act. 

(3) Unrestricted Definitive Notes to Unrestricted Definitive Notes. A Holder of
Unrestricted Definitive Notes may transfer such Notes to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of an Unrestricted Definitive Note. Upon receipt of a request to register such a transfer, the Registrar shall register the Unrestricted
Definitive Notes pursuant to the instructions from the Holder thereof. 

(f) [Reserved]. 

(g) Legends. The following legends will appear on the face of all Global Notes and Definitive Notes issued under this Indenture unless
specifically stated otherwise in the applicable provisions of this Indenture. 

(1) Private Placement Legend. 

(A) Except as permitted by subparagraph (B) below, each Global Note and each Definitive Note (and all Notes issued in
exchange therefor or substitution thereof) shall bear the legend in substantially the following form: 

THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN
REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS. NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR ANY INTEREST OR PARTICIPATION HEREIN MAY BE REOFFERED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED,
ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH REGISTRATION OR UNLESS SUCH TRANSACTION IS EXEMPT FROM, OR NOT SUBJECT TO, REGISTRATION. 

61 

THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF (1) REPRESENTS THAT (A) IT
IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT), (B) IT IS A NON-U.S. PERSON AND IS ACQUIRING THIS SECURITY IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION WITHIN THE MEANING OF
REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS APPLICABLE TO SUCH PURCHASER IN THE JURISDICTION IN WHICH SUCH PURCHASE IS MADE, OR (C) IT IS AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 501 UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT AND (2) AGREES TO OFFER, SELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER SUCH SECURITY, PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION OF THE APPLICABLE HOLDING PERIOD WITH RESPECT TO RESTRICTED SECURITIES SET FORTH IN RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, ONLY (A) TO
THE COMPANY OR ANY SUBSIDIARY THEREOF, (B) FOR SO LONG AS THE SECURITIES ARE ELIGIBLE FOR RESALE PURSUANT TO RULE 144A, TO A PERSON IT REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT THAT PURCHASES FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER TO WHICH NOTICE IS GIVEN THAT THE TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A, (C) PURSUANT TO OFFERS AND SALES TO NON-U.S. PERSONS THAT OCCUR OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES WITHIN THE MEANING OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS APPLICABLE TO IT IN THE JURISDICTION IN WHICH SUCH PURCHASE IS MADE,
(D) TO AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 501 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT THAT IS ACQUIRING THE SECURITY FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF SUCH AN INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTOR, FOR INVESTMENT PURPOSES AND
NOT WITH A VIEW TO, OR FOR OFFER OR SALE IN CONNECTION WITH, ANY DISTRIBUTION IN VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT, (E) PURSUANT TO A REGISTRATION STATEMENT WHICH HAS BEEN DECLARED EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR (F) PURSUANT TO
ANOTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT, SUBJECT TO THE COMPANYS AND THE TRUSTEES, OR REGISTRARS, AS APPLICABLE, RIGHT PRIOR TO ANY SUCH OFFER, SALE OR TRANSFER PURSUANT TO CLAUSE (C),
(D) OR (F) TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, CERTIFICATION AND/OR OTHER INFORMATION SATISFACTORY TO EACH OF THEM, AND IN EACH OF THE FOREGOING CASES, A CERTIFICATE OF TRANSFER IN THE FORM APPEARING ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THIS
SECURITY IS COMPLETED AND DELIVERED BY THE TRANSFEROR TO THE TRUSTEE OR REGISTRAR. 

62 

THIS LEGEND WILL BE REMOVED UPON THE REQUEST OF THE HOLDER AFTER THE EXPIRATION OF THE
APPLICABLE HOLDING PERIOD WITH RESPECT TO RESTRICTED SECURITIES SET FORTH IN RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. 

(B)
Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Global Note or Definitive Note issued pursuant to subparagraphs (b)(4), (c)(3), (c)(4), (d)(2), (d)(3), (e)(2) or (e)(3) of this Section 2.06 (and all Notes issued in exchange therefor or substitution thereof)
will not bear the Private Placement Legend. 

(2) Global Note Legend. Each Global Note will bear a legend in
substantially the following form: 

THIS GLOBAL NOTE IS HELD BY OR ON BEHALF OF THE DEPOSITARY (AS DEFINED IN THE INDENTURE GOVERNING
THIS NOTE) OR ITS NOMINEE IN CUSTODY FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE BENEFICIAL OWNERS HEREOF, AND IS NOT TRANSFERABLE TO ANY PERSON UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES EXCEPT THAT (1) THE TRUSTEE MAY MAKE SUCH NOTATIONS HEREON AS MAY BE REQUIRED PURSUANT TO
SECTION 2.06 OF THE INDENTURE, (2) THIS GLOBAL NOTE MAY BE EXCHANGED IN WHOLE BUT NOT IN PART PURSUANT TO SECTION 2.06(a) OF THE INDENTURE, (3) THIS GLOBAL NOTE MAY BE DELIVERED TO THE TRUSTEE FOR CANCELLATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 2.11 OF
THE INDENTURE AND (4) THIS GLOBAL NOTE MAY BE TRANSFERRED TO A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY WITH THE PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT OF THE COMPANY. 

UNLESS AND UNTIL IT IS EXCHANGED IN WHOLE OR IN PART FOR NOTES IN DEFINITIVE FORM, THIS NOTE MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS A WHOLE BY THE
DEPOSITARY TO A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY OR BY A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY TO THE DEPOSITARY OR ANOTHER NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY OR BY THE DEPOSITARY OR ANY SUCH NOMINEE TO A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF SUCH SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY. UNLESS
THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED 

63 

REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY (55 WATER STREET, NEW YORK, NEW YORK) (DTC), TO THE COMPANY OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND
ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR SUCH OTHER NAME AS MAY BE REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS MAY BE REQUESTED BY AN
AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. 

(3) Regulation S Temporary Global Note Legend. In addition to the Private Placement Legend, the Regulation S Temporary
Global Note will bear a legend in substantially the following form: 

THE RIGHTS ATTACHING TO THIS REGULATION S TEMPORARY GLOBAL NOTE,
AND THE CONDITIONS AND PROCEDURES GOVERNING ITS EXCHANGE FOR DEFINITIVE NOTES, ARE AS SPECIFIED IN THE INDENTURE (AS DEFINED HEREIN). NEITHER THE HOLDER NOR THE BENEFICIAL OWNERS OF THIS REGULATION S TEMPORARY GLOBAL NOTE SHALL BE ENTITLED TO
RECEIVE PAYMENT OF INTEREST HEREON. 

(h) Cancellation and/or Adjustment of Global Notes. At such time as all beneficial
interests in a particular Global Note have been exchanged for Definitive Notes or a particular Global Note has been redeemed, repurchased or canceled in whole and not in part, each such Global Note will be returned to or retained and canceled by the
Trustee in accordance with Section 2.11 hereof. At any time prior to such cancellation, if any beneficial interest in a Global Note is exchanged for or transferred to a Person who will take delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest
in another Global Note or for Definitive Notes, the principal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note will be reduced accordingly and an endorsement will be made on such Global Note by the Trustee or by the Custodian at the direction of the
Trustee to reflect such reduction; and if the beneficial interest is being exchanged for or transferred to a Person who will take delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in another Global Note, such other Global Note will be increased
accordingly and an endorsement will be made on such Global Note by the Trustee or by the Custodian at the direction of the Trustee to reflect such increase. 

(i) General Provisions Relating to Transfers and Exchanges. 

64 

(1) To permit registrations of transfers and exchanges, the Company will
execute and the Trustee will authenticate Global Notes and Definitive Notes upon receipt of an Authentication Order in accordance with Section 2.02 hereof or at the Registrars request. 

(2) No service charge will be made to a Holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note or to a Holder of a Definitive Note
for any registration of transfer or exchange, but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any transfer tax or similar governmental charge payable in connection therewith (other than any such transfer taxes or similar
governmental charge payable upon exchange or transfer pursuant to Sections 2.10, 3.06, 3.09, 4.10, 4.14 and 9.05 hereof). 

(3) [Reserved]. 

(4) All Global Notes and Definitive Notes issued upon any registration of transfer or exchange of Global Notes or Definitive
Notes will be the valid Obligations of the Company, evidencing the same debt, and entitled to the same benefits under this Indenture, as the Global Notes or Definitive Notes surrendered upon such registration of transfer or exchange. 

(5) Neither the Registrar nor the Company will be required: 

(A) to issue, to register the transfer of, or to exchange any Notes during a period beginning at the opening of business 10
days before the day of any selection of Notes for redemption under Section 3.02 hereof and ending at the close of business on the day of selection; 

(B) to register the transfer of or to exchange any Note selected for redemption in whole or in part, except the unredeemed
portion of any Note being redeemed in part; or 

(C) to register the transfer of or to exchange a Note between a record date
and the next succeeding interest payment date. 

(6) Prior to due presentment for the registration of a transfer of any
Note, the Trustee, any Agent and the Company may deem and treat the Person in whose name any Note is registered as the absolute owner of such Note for the purpose of receiving payment of principal of and (subject to the record date provisions of the
Notes) interest on such Notes and for all other purposes, and none of the Trustee, any Agent or the Company shall be affected by notice to the contrary. 

(7) The Trustee will authenticate Global Notes and Definitive Notes in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.02
hereof. 

(8) All certifications, certificates and Opinions of Counsel required to be submitted to the Registrar pursuant to
this Section 2.06 to effect a registration of transfer or exchange may be submitted by facsimile. 

65 

Section 2.07. Replacement Notes. 

If any mutilated Note is surrendered to the Trustee or the Company and the Trustee receives evidence to its satisfaction of the destruction,
loss or theft of any Note, the Company will issue and the Trustee, upon receipt of an Authentication Order, will authenticate a replacement Note if the Trustees requirements are met. If required by the Trustee or the Company, an indemnity bond
must be supplied by the Holder that is sufficient in the judgment of the Trustee and the Company to protect the Company, the Trustee, any Agent and any authenticating agent from any loss that any of them may suffer if a Note is replaced. The Company
may charge for its expenses in replacing a Note. 

In case any such mutilated, destroyed, lost, or stolen Note has become due and payable,
the Company in its sole discretion may, instead of issuing a new Note, pay such Note. 

Upon the issuance of any new Note under this
Section 2.07, the Company may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax, assessment, fee or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation thereto and any other expenses (including the fees and expenses of the Trustee)
connected therewith. 

Every new Note issued pursuant to this Section 2.07 in exchange for any mutilated Note or in lieu of any
destroyed, lost, or stolen Note will constitute an original additional contractual obligation of the Company, whether or not the mutilated, destroyed, lost, or stolen Note shall be at any time enforceable by anyone, and will be entitled to all the
benefits of this Indenture equally and proportionately with any and all other Notes duly issued hereunder. 

The provisions of this
Section 2.07 are exclusive and will preclude (to the extent lawful) all other rights and remedies with respect to the replacement or payment of mutilated, destroyed, lost, or stolen Notes. 

Section 2.08. Outstanding Notes. 

The Notes outstanding at any time are all the Notes authenticated by the Trustee except for those canceled by it, those delivered to the
Company for cancellation, those reductions in the interest in a Global Note effected by the Trustee in accordance with the provisions hereof, and those described in this Section 2.08 as not outstanding. Except as set forth in Section 2.09
hereof, a Note does not cease to be outstanding because the Company or an Affiliate of the Company holds the Note. 

If a Note is replaced
pursuant to Section 2.07 hereof, it ceases to be outstanding unless the Trustee receives proof satisfactory to it that the replaced Note is held by a bona fide purchaser. 

If the principal amount of any Note is considered paid under Section 4.01 hereof, it ceases to be outstanding and interest on it ceases
to accrue. 

If the Paying Agent (other than the Company, a Subsidiary or an Affiliate of any thereof) holds, on a redemption date or
maturity date, money sufficient to pay Notes payable on that date, then on and after that date such Notes will be deemed to be no longer outstanding and will cease to accrue interest. 

66 

Section 2.09. Treasury Notes. 

In determining whether the Holders of the required principal amount of Notes have concurred in any direction, waiver or consent, Notes owned
by the Company or any Guarantor, or by any Person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with the Company or any Guarantor, will be considered as though not outstanding, except that for the
purposes of determining whether the Trustee will be protected in relying on any such direction, waiver or consent, only Notes that a Responsible Officer of the Trustee actually knows are so owned will be so disregarded. 

Section 2.10. Temporary Notes. 

Until certificates representing Notes are ready for delivery, the Company may prepare and the Trustee, upon receipt of an Authentication
Order, will authenticate temporary Notes. Temporary Notes will be substantially in the form of certificated Notes but may have variations that the Company considers appropriate for temporary Notes and as may be reasonably acceptable to the Trustee.
Without unreasonable delay, the Company will prepare and the Trustee will authenticate Definitive Notes in exchange for temporary Notes. 

Holders of temporary Notes will be entitled to all of the benefits of this Indenture. 

Section 2.11. Cancellation. 

The Company at any time may deliver Notes to the Trustee for cancellation. The Registrar and Paying Agent will forward to the Trustee for
cancellation any Notes surrendered to them for registration of transfer, exchange or payment. The Trustee and no one else will cancel all Notes surrendered for registration of transfer, exchange, payment, replacement or cancellation and will dispose
of canceled Notes in accordance with its customary procedures (subject to the record retention requirements of the Exchange Act). Certification of the disposition of all canceled Notes will be delivered to the Company. 

The Company may not issue new Notes to replace Notes that it has paid or that have been delivered to the Trustee for cancellation. 

Section 2.12. Defaulted Interest. 

If the Company defaults in a payment of interest on the Notes, it will pay the defaulted interest in any lawful manner plus, to the
extent lawful, interest payable on the defaulted interest, to the Persons who are Holders on a subsequent special record date, in each case at the rate provided in the Notes and in Section 4.01 hereof; provided that if the Company pays
the defaulted interest prior to the date that is 30 days after the date of default in payment of interest, payment shall be to the Holders as of the original record date. The Company will notify the Trustee in writing of the amount of defaulted
interest proposed to be paid on each Note and the date of the proposed payment. If such default in interest continues for 30 days, the Company will fix or cause to be fixed each such special record date and payment date; provided that no such

67 

special record date may be less than 10 days prior to the related payment date for such defaulted interest. At least 15 days before the special record date, the Company (or, upon the written
request of the Company, the Trustee in the name and at the expense of the Company) will mail or cause to be mailed to Holders a notice that states the special record date, the related payment date and the amount of such interest to be paid. 

Section 2.13. CUSIP Numbers. 

The Company in issuing the Notes may use CUSIP numbers (if then generally in use) and, if so, the Trustee shall use
CUSIP numbers in notices of redemption as a convenience to Holders; provided, that any such notice may state that no representation is made as to the correctness of such numbers either as printed on the Notes or as contained in
any notice of redemption and that reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers printed on the Notes, and any such redemption shall not be affected by any defect in or omission of such numbers. The Company will as promptly as
practicable notify the Trustee in writing of any change in CUSIP numbers. 

Section 2.14. Additional Notes. 

The Company shall be entitled, subject to its compliance with Section 4.09 hereof, to issue Additional Notes under this Indenture in an
unlimited aggregate principal amount, each of which shall have identical terms as the Initial Notes, other than with respect to the date of issuance and issue price and first payment of interest (and, if such Additional Notes shall be issued in the
form of Restricted Global Notes or Restricted Definitive Notes, other than with respect to transfer restrictions, any registration rights agreement and additional interest with respect thereto). 

With respect to any Additional Notes, the Company shall set forth in a resolution of its Board of Directors and an Officers Certificate,
a copy of each which shall be delivered to the Trustee, the following information: 

(a) the aggregate principal amount of such Additional
Notes to be authenticated and delivered pursuant to this Indenture; and 

(b) the issue price, the issue date and the CUSIP
number(s) of such Additional Notes; provided, however, that if such Additional Notes are not fungible with the Initial Notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes or if the Company otherwise determines that any Additional Notes should
be differentiated from the Initial Notes, such Additional Notes shall not have the same CUSIP number as the Initial Notes provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, such Additional Notes will still constitute a single class with
all Initial Notes issued under this Indenture for all purposes. 

68 

ARTICLE 3 

REDEMPTION AND PREPAYMENT 

Section 3.01. Notices to Trustee. 

If the Company elects to redeem Notes pursuant to the optional redemption provisions of Section 3.07 hereof, it must furnish to the
Trustee, at least 10 days (or such shorter period acceptable to the Trustee) but not more than 60 days before a redemption date, an Officers Certificate setting forth: 

(1) the clause of this Indenture pursuant to which the redemption shall occur; 

(2) the redemption date; 

(3) the principal amount of Notes to be redeemed; and 

(4) the redemption price, if then ascertainable. 

and stating that all conditions to such redemption have been complied with. 

Section 3.02. Selection of Notes to Be Redeemed or Purchased. 

If less than all of the Notes are to be redeemed or purchased in an offer to purchase at any time, the Trustee (subject to Section 4.10,
as applicable) will select Notes for redemption or purchase on a pro rata basis, by lot or by such method as it shall deem fair and appropriate in accordance with DTC procedures or as may be required by applicable law. 

In the event of partial redemption or purchase, the particular Notes to be redeemed or purchased will be selected, unless otherwise provided
herein, not less than 10 nor more than 60 days prior to the redemption or purchase date by the Trustee from the outstanding Notes not previously called for redemption or purchase. 

The Trustee will promptly notify the Company in writing of the Notes selected for redemption or purchase and, in the case of any Note selected
for partial redemption or purchase, the principal amount thereof to be redeemed or purchased. Notes and portions of Notes selected will be in amounts of $2,000 or whole multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof; except that if all of the Notes of a
Holder are to be redeemed or purchased, the entire outstanding amount of Notes held by such Holder shall be redeemed or purchased; provided, that the unredeemed or unpurchased portion of a Note must be in a minimum denomination of $2,000.
Except as provided in the preceding sentence, provisions of this Indenture that apply to Notes called for redemption or purchase also apply to portions of Notes called for redemption or purchase. 

Section 3.03. Notice of Redemption. 

Subject to the provisions of Section 3.09 hereof, at least 10 days but not more than 60 days before a redemption date, the Company
will mail or cause to be mailed, by first class mail, a notice of redemption to each Holder whose Notes are to be redeemed at its registered address or otherwise in accordance with the applicable procedures of DTC, except that redemption notices may
be mailed more than 60 days prior to a redemption date if the notice is issued in connection with a defeasance of the Notes or a satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture pursuant to Articles 8 or 11 hereof. Any notice of redemption may be
subject to one or more conditions precedent. 

69 

The notice will identify the Notes to be redeemed and will state: 

(1) the redemption date; 

(2) the redemption price, or if not then ascertainable, the manner of calculation thereof; 

(3) if any Note is being redeemed in part, the portion of the principal amount of such Note to be redeemed and that, after the
redemption date upon surrender of such Note, a new Note or Notes in principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion will be issued upon cancellation of the original Note; 

(4) the name and address of the Paying Agent; 

(5) that Notes called for redemption must be surrendered to the Paying Agent to collect the redemption price; 

(6) that, unless the Company defaults in making such redemption payment, interest on Notes called for redemption ceases to
accrue on and after the redemption date; 

(7) the paragraph of the Notes and/or Section of this Indenture pursuant to
which the Notes called for redemption are being redeemed; 

(8) that no representation is made as to the correctness or
accuracy of the CUSIP number, if any, listed in such notice or printed on the Notes; and 

(9) any condition to such
redemption. 

At the Companys request, the Trustee will give the notice of redemption in the Companys name and at its expense;
provided, however, that the Company has delivered to the Trustee, at least 10 days prior to the redemption date (or such shorter period as is acceptable to the Trustee), an Officers Certificate requesting that the Trustee give
such notice and setting forth the information to be stated in such notice as provided in the preceding paragraph. 

Section 3.04.
Effect of Notice of Redemption. 

Once notice of redemption is mailed in accordance with Section 3.03 hereof, Notes called for
redemption become irrevocably due and payable on the redemption date at the redemption price, subject to the satisfaction of any conditions precedent provided in such notice. The notice, if mailed in a manner herein provided shall be conclusively
presumed to have been given, whether or not the Holder receives such notice. In any case, failure to give such notice by mail or any defect in the notice to the Holder of any Note designated for redemption in whole or in part shall not affect the
validity of the proceedings for the redemption of any other Note. Subject to Section 3.05 hereof, on and after the redemption date, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes or portion thereof called for redemption. 

70 

Section 3.05. Deposit of Redemption or Purchase Price. 

Prior to 10:00 a.m. Eastern Time on the redemption or purchase date, the Company will deposit with the Trustee or with the Paying Agent money
sufficient to pay the redemption or purchase price of, and accrued interest, if any, on all Notes to be redeemed or purchased on that date. The Trustee or the Paying Agent will promptly return to the Company any money deposited with the Trustee or
the Paying Agent by the Company in excess of the amounts necessary to pay the redemption or purchase price of, and accrued interest, if any, on all Notes to be redeemed or purchased. 

If the Company complies with the provisions of the preceding paragraph, on and after the redemption or purchase date, interest will cease to
accrue on the Notes or the portions of Notes called for redemption or purchase. If any Note called for redemption or purchase is not so paid upon surrender for redemption or purchase because of the failure of the Company to comply with the preceding
paragraph, interest shall be paid on the unpaid principal, from the redemption or purchase date until such principal is paid, and to the extent lawful on any interest not paid on such unpaid principal, in each case at the rate provided in the Notes
and in Section 4.01 hereof. In the case of a Global Note, an appropriate notation will be made on such Global Note to decrease the principal amount thereof to an amount equal to the unredeemed portion thereof. 

Section 3.06. Notes Redeemed or Purchased in Part. 

Upon surrender of a Note that is redeemed or purchased in part, the Company will issue and, upon receipt of an Authentication Order, the
Trustee will authenticate for the Holder at the expense of the Company a new Note equal in principal amount to the unredeemed or unpurchased portion of the Note surrendered. 

Section 3.07. Optional Redemption. 

(a) At any time prior to March 15, 2028, the Company may on any one or more occasions redeem up to 40% of the aggregate principal amount
of Notes issued under this Indenture, upon not less than 10 nor more than 60 days notice, at a redemption price equal to 107.375% of the principal amount of the Notes redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but
excluding, the date of redemption (subject to the rights of Holders of Notes on a relevant record date to receive interest on an interest payment date occurring on or prior to the redemption date) with the net cash proceeds of an Equity Offering;
provided that: 

(1) at least 50% of the aggregate principal amount of Notes originally issued under this Indenture
(excluding Notes held by the Company, any direct or indirect parent of the Company and its Affiliates) remains outstanding immediately after the occurrence of such redemption, unless all such Notes are redeemed substantially concurrently; and 

(2) the redemption occurs within 180 days of the date of the closing of such Equity Offering. 

(b) At any time prior to March 15, 2028, the Company may on any one or more occasions redeem all or a part of the Notes, upon not less
than 10 nor more than 60 days notice, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes redeemed, plus the Applicable Premium as of, and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the applicable
redemption date, subject to the rights of Holders on a relevant record date to receive interest due on an interest payment date occurring on or prior to the redemption date. Promptly after the calculation of the redemption price under this clause
(b), the Company shall give the Trustee notice thereof and the Trustee shall have no responsibility for such calculation. 

71 

(c) Except pursuant to the preceding paragraphs (a) and (b), the Notes will not be
redeemable at the Companys option prior to March 15, 2028. 

(d) On or after March 15, 2028, the Company may on any one or
more occasions redeem all or a part of the Notes, upon not less than 10 nor more than 60 days notice, at the redemption prices (expressed as percentages of principal amount) set forth below, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on
the Notes redeemed, to, but excluding, the applicable redemption date, if redeemed during the 12-month period beginning on March 15 of each of the years indicated below, subject to the rights of Holders
on a relevant record date to receive interest on an interest payment date occurring on or prior to the redemption date: 

Year Percentage 

2028 103.688 % 

2029 101.844 % 

2030 and thereafter 100.000 % 

(e) Notwithstanding the foregoing, in connection with any tender offer for the Notes, including a Change of
Control Offer or Asset Sale Offer, if Holders of not less than 90% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes validly tender and do not withdraw such Notes in such tender offer and the Company, or any third party making such tender offer
in lieu of the Company, purchases all of the Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn by such Holders, the Company or such third party will have the right upon not less than 10 nor more than 60 days prior notice, given not more than 30 days
following such purchase date, to redeem all Notes that remain outstanding following such purchase at a redemption price equal to the price offered to each other Holder (excluding any early tender or incentive fee) in such tender offer plus,
to the extent not included in the tender offer payment, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, thereon, to, but excluding, the date of such redemption. 

(f) Unless the Company defaults in the payment of the redemption price, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes or portions thereof called
for redemption on the applicable redemption date. 

(g) Any redemption pursuant to this Section 3.07 shall be made pursuant to the
provisions of Sections 3.01 through 3.06 hereof. In connection with any redemption of Notes pursuant to this Section 3.07 (including with the net cash proceeds of an Equity Offering), any such redemption may, at the Companys
discretion, be given prior to the completion of a transaction (including an Equity Offering, an incurrence of Indebtedness, a Change of Control or other transaction) and any redemption notice may, at the Companys discretion, be subject to one
or more conditions precedent including, but not limited to, completion of a related transaction, and may include multiple amounts of notes that may be redeemed and the conditions precedent applicable to such amounts. If such redemption is so subject
to satisfaction of one or more conditions precedent, such notice shall describe each such condition, and if applicable, shall state that, in the Companys discretion, the redemption date may be delayed until such time (including

72 

more than 60 days after the date the notice of redemption was mailed or delivered, including by electronic transmission) as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied, or such redemption may
not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied by the redemption date, or by the redemption date as so delayed. In addition, the Company may provide in such notice that payment
of the redemption price and performance of the Companys obligations with respect to such redemption may be performed by another Person. 

(h) If the optional redemption date is on or after a record date and on or before the corresponding interest payment date, the accrued and
unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date will be paid on the redemption date to the Holder in whose name the Note is registered at the close of business on such record date in accordance with the applicable procedures of DTC, and no
additional interest will be payable to Holders whose Notes will be subject to redemption by the Company. 

Section 3.08. Mandatory
Redemption. 

The Company is not required to make mandatory redemption or sinking fund payments with respect to the Notes. 

Section 3.09. Offer to Purchase by Application of Excess Proceeds. 

In the event that, pursuant to Section 4.10 hereof, the Company is required to commence an offer to all Holders to purchase Notes (an
Asset Sale Offer), it will follow the procedures specified below. 

The Asset Sale Offer shall be made to all Holders
and all holders of other Indebtedness that is pari passu with the Notes containing provisions similar to those set forth in this Indenture with respect to offers to purchase, prepay or redeem with the proceeds of sales of assets. The Asset
Sale Offer will remain open for a period of at least 20 Business Days following its commencement and not more than 30 Business Days, except to the extent that a longer period is required by applicable law (the Offer Period).
Promptly after the termination of the Offer Period (the Purchase Date), the Company will apply all Excess Proceeds (the Offer Amount) to the purchase of Notes and such other pari passu Indebtedness (to be
purchased on a pro rata basis based on the principal amount of Notes and such other pari passu Indebtedness tendered or required to be repaid or redeemed, and thereafter, the Trustee will select the Notes to be purchased on a pro
rata basis based on the amount tendered (with, in each case, such adjustments as may be deemed appropriate by the Company or the Trustee, as applicable, so that only Notes in denominations of $1,000, or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess
thereof, will be purchased, provided that any unpurchased portion of a Note must be in a minimum denomination of $2,000)) or, if less than the Offer Amount has been tendered, all Notes and other Indebtedness tendered in response to the Asset
Sale Offer. Payment for any Notes so purchased will be made in the same manner as principal and interest payments are made. 

If the
Purchase Date is on or after an interest record date and on or before the related interest payment date, any accrued and unpaid interest, if any, will be paid to the Person in whose name a Note is registered at the close of business on such record
date. 

73 

Upon the commencement of an Asset Sale Offer, the Company will send, by first class mail, a
notice to the Trustee and each of the Holders, with a copy to the Trustee. 

The notice will contain all instructions and materials
necessary to enable such Holders to tender Notes pursuant to the Asset Sale Offer. The notice, which will govern the terms of the Asset Sale Offer, will state: 

(1) that the Asset Sale Offer is being made pursuant to this Section 3.09 and Section 4.10 hereof and the length of
time the Asset Sale Offer will remain open; 

(2) the Offer Amount, the purchase price and the Purchase Date; 

(3) that any Note not tendered or accepted for payment will continue to accrue interest; 

(4) that, unless the Company defaults in making such payment, any Note accepted for payment pursuant to the Asset Sale Offer
will cease to accrue interest after the Purchase Date; 

(5) that Holders electing to have a Note purchased pursuant to an
Asset Sale Offer may elect to have Notes purchased in denominations of $1,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof; provided that any unpurchased portion of a Note must be in a minimum denomination of $2,000); 

(6) that Holders electing to have Notes purchased pursuant to any Asset Sale Offer will be required to surrender the Note, with
the form entitled Option of Holder to Elect Purchase attached to the Notes completed, or transfer by book-entry transfer, to the Company, a depositary, if appointed by the Company, or a Paying
Agent at the address specified in the notice at least three Business Days before the Purchase Date; 

(7) that Holders will
be entitled to withdraw their election if the Company, the Depositary or the Paying Agent, as the case may be, receives, not later than the expiration of the Offer Period, a telegram, telex, facsimile transmission or letter setting forth the name of
the Holder, the principal amount of the Note the Holder delivered for purchase and a statement that such Holder is withdrawing his election to have such Note purchased; 

(8) that, if the aggregate principal amount of Notes and other pari passu Indebtedness surrendered by holders thereof
exceeds the Offer Amount, the Company will select the Notes and other pari passu Indebtedness to be purchased on a pro rata basis based on the principal amount of Notes and such other pari passu Indebtedness tendered or required
to be prepaid or redeemed, and thereafter the Trustee will select the Notes to be purchased on a pro rata basis based on the amount tendered (with, in each case, such adjustments as may be deemed appropriate by the Company or the Trustee, as
applicable, so that only Notes in denominations of $1,000, or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof, will be purchased; provided that any unpurchased portion of a Note must be in a minimum denomination of $2,000); and 

74 

(9) that Holders whose Notes were purchased only in part will be issued new
Notes equal in principal amount to the unpurchased portion of the Notes surrendered (or transferred by book-entry transfer). 

On or before the Purchase Date, the Company will, to the extent lawful, accept for payment, on a pro rata basis to the extent
necessary, the Offer Amount of Notes or portions thereof tendered pursuant to the Asset Sale Offer, or if less than the Offer Amount has been tendered, all Notes tendered, and will deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee the Notes properly
accepted together with an Officers Certificate stating that such Notes or portions thereof were accepted for payment by the Company in accordance with the terms of this Section 3.09. The Company, the Depositary or the Paying Agent, as the
case may be, will promptly mail or deliver to each tendering Holder an amount equal to the purchase price of the Notes tendered by such Holder and accepted by the Company for purchase, and the Company will promptly issue a new Note, and the Trustee,
upon written request from the Company, will authenticate and mail or deliver (or cause to be transferred by book entry) such new Note to such Holder, in a principal amount equal to any unpurchased portion of the Note surrendered. Any Note not so
accepted shall be promptly mailed or delivered by the Company to the Holder thereof. The Company will publicly announce the results of the Asset Sale Offer on the Purchase Date. 

Other than as specifically provided in this Section 3.09, any purchase pursuant to this Section 3.09 shall be made pursuant to the
provisions of Sections 3.01 through 3.06 hereof. 

ARTICLE 4 

COVENANTS 

Section 4.01. Payment of Notes. 

The Company will pay or cause to be paid the principal of, premium on, if any, and interest, if any, on, the Notes on the dates and in the
manner provided in the Notes. Principal, premium, if any, and interest, if any, will be considered paid on the date due if the Paying Agent, if other than the Company or a Subsidiary thereof, holds as of 11:00 a.m. Eastern Time on the due date money
deposited by the Company in immediately available funds and designated for and sufficient to pay all principal, premium, if any, and interest, if any, then due. 

The Company will pay interest (including post-petition interest in any proceeding under any Bankruptcy
Law) on overdue principal at the then applicable interest rate on the Notes to the extent lawful; it will pay interest (including post-petition interest in any proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law) on overdue
installments of interest, if any (without regard to any applicable grace period), at the same rate to the extent lawful. 

Section 4.02. Maintenance of Office or Agency. 

The Company will maintain in the Borough of Manhattan, the City of New York, an office or agency (which may be an office of the Trustee or an
Affiliate of the Trustee, Registrar or co-registrar) where Notes may be surrendered for registration of transfer or for exchange and where notices and demands to or upon the Company in respect of the Notes and
this Indenture may be served. The Company will give prompt written notice to the Trustee of the location, and any change in the location, of such office or agency. If at any time the Company fails to maintain any such required office or agency or
fail to furnish the Trustee with the address thereof, such presentations, surrenders, notices and demands may be made or served at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee. 

75 

The Company may also from time to time designate one or more other offices or agencies where
the Notes may be presented or surrendered for any or all such purposes and may from time to time rescind such designations; provided, however, that no such designation or rescission will in any manner relieve the Company of its
obligation to maintain an office or agency in the Borough of Manhattan, the City of New York for such purposes. The Company will give prompt written notice to the Trustee of any such designation or rescission and of any change in the location of any
such other office or agency. 

The Company hereby designates the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee as one such office or agency of the
Company in accordance with Section 2.03 hereof. 

Section 4.03. Reports. 

(a) Whether or not required by the rules and regulations of the SEC, so long as any Notes are outstanding, the Company will furnish to the
Holders of Notes (or file with the SEC for public availability), within 15 days after the time periods specified in the SECs rules and regulations: 

(1) all financial information that would be required to be contained in quarterly and annual reports that would be required to
be filed with the SEC on Forms 10-Q and 10-K if the Company were required to file such reports, including a Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations and, with respect to the annual information only, a report thereon by the Companys certified independent accountants; and 

(2) all current reports that would be required to be filed with the SEC on Form 8-K if
the Company were required to file such reports. 

All such information will be prepared in all material respects in accordance with all of
the rules and regulations applicable to the reports indicated above except as otherwise set forth above. To the extent any such information is not furnished within the time periods specified above and such information is subsequently furnished
(including upon becoming publicly available, by filing such information with the SEC), the Company shall be deemed to have satisfied its obligations with respect thereto as such time and any Default with respect thereto shall be deemed to have been
cured. 

The Company may satisfy its obligations in this Section 4.03 with respect to financial information relating to the Company by
furnishing financial information relating to a direct or indirect parent entity; provided that the same is accompanied by consolidating information that explains in reasonable detail the differences between the information relating to such
parent entity (and other parent entities included in such information, if any), on the one hand, and the information relating to the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a standalone basis, on the other hand. For the avoidance of doubt, the
consolidating information referred to in this Section 4.03 need not be audited. 

76 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth above, if the Company or any direct or
indirect parent entity has furnished the Holders of Notes or filed with the SEC the reports described in this Section 4.03 with respect to the Company or any direct or indirect parent entity, the Company shall be deemed to be in compliance with
the provisions of this Section 4.03. 

(b) If the Company has designated any of its Subsidiaries as an Unrestricted Subsidiary, and
such Unrestricted Subsidiary or group of Unrestricted Subsidiaries, if taken together as one Subsidiary, would constitute a Significant Subsidiary of the Company, then the quarterly and annual financial information required by paragraph (a) of
this Section 4.03 will include a presentation, of selected financial metrics (in the Companys sole discretion) of such Unrestricted Subsidiaries as a group in Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations. 

(c) For so long as any Notes remain outstanding, if at any time the Company and the Guarantors are not required to file with
the SEC the reports required by paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section 4.03, the Company and the Guarantors will furnish to the Holders and to securities analysts and prospective investors, upon their request, the information required to
be delivered pursuant to Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act. 

Section 4.04. Compliance Certificate. 

(a) The Company shall deliver to the Trustee, within 120 days after the end of each fiscal year, an Officers Certificate stating that in
the course of the performance by the signers of their duties as Officers of the Company they would normally have knowledge of any Default or Event of Default and whether or not the signers knew of any Default or Event of Default that occurred during
such period (and, if a Default or Event of Default has occurred, describing all such Defaults or Events of Default of which he or she may have knowledge and what action the Company or the Guarantors are taking or propose to take with respect
thereto) and that to his or her knowledge no event has occurred and remains in existence by reason of which payments on account of the principal of, premium on, if any, or interest, if any, on the Notes is prohibited or if such event has occurred, a
description of the event and what action the Company is taking or proposing to take with respect thereto. 

(b) So long as any of the Notes
are outstanding, the Company will promptly (which shall be no more than five (5) Business Days) deliver to the Trustee, upon any Officer becoming aware of any Default or Event of Default, an Officers Certificate specifying such Default or
Event of Default and what action the Company or the Guarantors are taking or propose to take with respect thereto. 

Section 4.05.
Taxes. 

The Company will pay, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to pay, prior to delinquency, all material taxes,
assessments, and governmental levies except such as are contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings or where the failure to effect such payment is not adverse in any material respect to the Holders of the Notes. 

77 

Section 4.06. Stay, Extension and Usury Laws. 

The Company and each of the Guarantors covenants (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) that it will not at any time insist upon, plead,
or in any manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any stay, extension or usury law wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, that may affect the covenants or the performance of this Indenture; the Company and each
of the Guarantors (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) hereby expressly waive all benefit or advantage of any such law, and covenants that it will not, by resort to any such law, hinder, delay or impede the execution of any power herein
granted to the Trustee, but will suffer and permit the execution of every such power as though no such law has been enacted. 

Section 4.07. Restricted Payments. 

(a) The Company will not, and will not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly: 

(1) Declare or pay any dividend or make any other payment or distribution on account of the Companys or any of its
Restricted Subsidiaries Equity Interests (including, without limitation, any payment in connection with any merger or consolidation involving the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries) other than (a) dividends, payments or
distributions payable in Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Stock) of the Company, and (b) dividends, payments or distributions payable to the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Company; 

(2) Purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire or retire for value (including, without limitation, in connection with any merger or
consolidation involving the Company) any Equity Interests of the Company or any direct or indirect parent of the Company held by Persons other than the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Company; 

(3) Make any voluntary or optional payment on or with respect to, or purchase, redeem, defease or otherwise acquire or retire
for value, any Indebtedness of the Company or any Guarantor that is contractually subordinated to the Notes or to any Note Guarantee (excluding any intercompany Indebtedness between or among the Company and any of its Restricted Subsidiaries),
except a payment of interest when due or principal at the Stated Maturity thereof or the purchase, redemption, repurchase, defeasance, acquisition or retirement for value of any such Indebtedness within 365 days of the Stated Maturity thereof; or

(4) Make any Restricted Investment (all such payments and other actions set forth in these clauses (1) through (4)
above being collectively referred to as Restricted Payments), unless, at the time of and after giving effect to such Restricted Payment: 

(x) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is Continuing or would occur as a consequence of such Restricted Payment;

78 

(y) the Company would, at the time of such Restricted Payment and after
giving pro forma effect thereto as if such Restricted Payment had been made at the beginning of the applicable four-quarter period, have been permitted to incur at least $1.00 of additional Indebtedness
pursuant to Section 4.09(a) hereof; and 

(z) such Restricted Payment, together with the aggregate amount of all other
Restricted Payments made by the Company or the Companys Restricted Subsidiaries since the Existing 2018 Notes Issue Date (including Restricted Payments permitted by clauses (1), (7) and (18) of Section 4.07(b) and excluding
Restricted Payments permitted by all other clauses of Section 4.07(b); provided that the calculation of Restricted Payments shall exclude the amounts paid or distributed pursuant to clause (1) of Section 4.07(b) to the extent
that the declaration of such dividend or other distribution shall have previously been included as a Restricted Payment), is less than the sum, without duplication, of: 

(A) 50% of the Consolidated Net Income of the Company for the period (taken as one accounting period) from January 1, 2012
to the end of the most recently ended fiscal quarter for which internal financial statements are available at the time of such Restricted Payment (or, if such Consolidated Net Income for such period is a deficit, less 100% of such deficit);
plus

(B) 100% of the aggregate net proceeds, including cash and Fair Market Value of property other than cash (as
determined in accordance with Section 4.07(c) hereof), received by the Company since the Existing 2018 Notes Issue Date as a contribution to its common equity capital or from the issue or sale of Qualifying Equity Interests of the Company or
any direct or indirect parent of the Company (excluding, without duplication, Designated Preferred Stock), or from the issue or sale of Disqualified Stock of the Company or debt securities of the Company, in each case that have been converted into
or exchanged for Qualifying Equity Interests of the Company (other than Qualifying Equity Interests and convertible or exchangeable Disqualified Stock or debt securities sold to a Subsidiary of the Company); plus, without duplication, the
amount of any cash, and the Fair Market Value of property or assets or marketable securities, received by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary upon such conversion or exchange; plus

(C) 100% of the aggregate amount of cash and the Fair Market Value of property other than cash (as determined in accordance
with Section 4.07(c) hereof) received by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Company from (A) the sale or disposition (other than to the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Company) of, or other returns on Investment from,
Restricted Investments made after the Existing 2018 Notes Issue Date and from repurchases and redemptions of or cash distributions or cash interest received in respect of, such Restricted Investments from the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries
by any Person (other than the Company or its Restricted Subsidiaries) and from repayments of loans or advances, and releases of guarantees, which constituted Restricted Investments made after the Existing 2018 Notes Issue Date (other than

79 

to the extent that such Restricted Investment was made pursuant to Section 4.07(b)(12) hereof); (B) the sale (other than to the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries) of the Capital Stock
of an Unrestricted Subsidiary; (C) a distribution or dividend from an Unrestricted Subsidiary, to the extent that such amounts were not otherwise included in the Consolidated Net Income of the Company for such period, or a dividend from a
Person that is not a Restricted Subsidiary after the Existing 2018 Notes Issue Date; and (D) any Restricted Investment that was made after the Existing 2018 Notes Issue Date in a Person that is not a subsidiary at such time that subsequently
becomes a Restricted Subsidiary of the Company; provided that such amount will not exceed the amount of the Restricted Investment initially made; plus

(D) in the event that any Unrestricted Subsidiary of the Company designated as such after the Existing 2018 Notes Issue Date is
redesignated as a Restricted Subsidiary or has been merged or consolidated with or into or transfers or conveys its assets to, or is liquidated into, the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Company, in each case after the Existing 2018 Notes
Issue Date, the Fair Market Value of the Companys Investment in such Subsidiary (as determined in accordance with Section 4.07(c) hereof) as of the date of such redesignation, combination or transfer (or of the assets transferred or
conveyed, as applicable), after deducting any Indebtedness associated with the Unrestricted Subsidiary so designated or combined or any Indebtedness associated with the assets so transferred or conveyed (other than in each case to the extent that
the designation of such Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary was made pursuant to Section 4.07(b)(14) hereof or constituted a Permitted Investment). 

(b) The provisions of Section 4.07(a) hereof will not prohibit: 

(1) The payment of any dividend or distribution or the consummation of any irrevocable redemption within 60 days after the date
of declaration of the dividend or distribution or giving of the redemption notice, as the case may be, if at the date of declaration or notice, the dividend, distribution or redemption payment would have complied with the provisions of this
Indenture; 

(2) The making of any Restricted Payment in exchange for, or out of or with the net cash proceeds of the
substantially concurrent sale (other than to a Subsidiary of the Company) of, Equity Interests of the Company (other than Disqualified Stock) or from the substantially concurrent contribution of common equity capital to the Company; provided
that the amount of any such net cash proceeds that are utilized for any such Restricted Payment will not be considered to be net proceeds of Qualifying Equity Interests for purposes of Section 4.07(a)(z)(B) hereof; 

(3) The payment of any dividend (or, in the case of any partnership or limited liability company, any similar distribution) by
a Restricted Subsidiary of the Company to the holders of its Equity Interests so long as the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary receives at least its pro rata share of such dividend or distribution; 

80 

(4) The repurchase, redemption, defeasance or other acquisition or
retirement for value of Indebtedness of the Company or any Guarantor that is contractually subordinated to the Notes or to any Note Guarantee with the net cash proceeds from a substantially concurrent incurrence of Permitted Refinancing
Indebtedness; 

(5) The prepayment, repurchase, redemption, defeasance, discharge, retirement or other acquisition (or the
declaration and payment of dividends to, or the making of loans to, any direct or indirect parent of the Company, to finance any such repurchase, retirement or other acquisition) for value of Equity Interests of the Company, any direct or indirect
parent of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company held by any future, present or former employee, director, officer, manager, contractor, consultant or advisor of the Company, any direct or indirect parent of the Company or any Subsidiary of
the Company (or any such Persons estates or heirs) pursuant to any management equity plan or stock option plan or any other management or employee benefit or compensatory plan (and any successor plans or arrangements thereto), employment,
termination or severance agreement, or any stock subscription or equityholder agreement (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any principal and interest payable on any Indebtedness issued by the Company or any parent entity in connection with such
prepayment, purchase, repurchase, redemption, defeasance, discharge, retirement or other acquisition), including any Capital Stock rolled over, accelerated or paid out by or to any future, present or former employee, director, officer, manager,
contractor, consultant or advisor of the Company, any direct or indirect parent of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company (or any such Persons estates or heirs), or other similar agreement or arrangement; provided, that the
aggregate amounts paid under this clause (5) do not exceed $15.0 million in any calendar year (with unused amounts in any calendar year being carried over to succeeding calendar years subject to a maximum of $30.0 million);
provided, further, that such amount in any calendar year may be increased by an amount not to exceed: 

(a)
the cash proceeds received by the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries from the sale of Qualifying Equity Interests of the Company or any direct or indirect parent of the Company (to the extent contributed to the Company) to any future,
present or former employee, director, officer, manager, contractor, consultant or advisor of the Company, any direct or indirect parent of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company (or any such Persons estates or heirs) that occurs after
the Existing 2018 Notes Issue Date (provided that the amount of such cash proceeds utilized for any such repurchase, retirement, other acquisition or dividend will not increase the amount available for Restricted Payments pursuant to
Section 4.07(a)(z) hereof); plus

(b) the cash proceeds of key man life insurance policies received by the
Company or any direct or indirect parent of the Company (to the extent contributed to the Company) and its Restricted Subsidiaries after the Existing 2018 Notes Issue Date; 

(provided that the Company may elect to apply all or any portion of the aggregate increase contemplated by clauses (a) and (b) above in any
calendar year); 

81 

(6) The purchase, repurchase, redemption, defeasance or other acquisition or
retirement of Equity Interests or other equity awards (or the declaration and payment of any dividends to, or the making of loans to, any direct or indirect parent of the Company to finance such purchase, repurchase, redemption, defeasance or other
acquisition or retirement) (i) deemed to occur upon the exercise, conversion or exchange of stock options, warrants or other similar stock-based awards under equity plans of the Company, any of the
Companys Restricted Subsidiaries or any direct or indirect parent of the Company to the extent such Equity Interests represent a portion of the exercise price of those stock options, warrants or other similar
stock-based awards under equity plans of the Company, any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any direct or indirect parent of the Company, or (ii) in connection with a
gross-up for tax withholding or similar taxes payable related to such Equity Interests; 

(7) The declaration and payment of regularly scheduled or accrued dividends to holders of a class or series of Disqualified
Stock of the Company or any Preferred Stock of any Restricted Subsidiary of the Company issued on or after the Issue Date in accordance with Section 4.09 hereof; 

(8) Payments of cash, dividends, distributions, advances or other Restricted Payments by the Company or any of its Restricted
Subsidiaries to allow the payment of cash in lieu of the issuance of fractional shares or upon the purchase, redemption or acquisition of fractional shares (or the declaration and payment of any dividends to, or the making of loans to, any direct or
indirect parent of the Company to finance such payment, purchase, redemption or acquisition), including in connection with (i) the exercise of options or warrants, (ii) the conversion or exchange of Capital Stock or convertible
Indebtedness, (iii) stock dividends, splits or combinations or business combinations, (iv) the Merger or (v) the Acquisition; 

(9) Permitted Payments to Parent; 

(10) So long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is Continuing, the declaration and payment of dividends or
distributions to holders of any class or series of Designated Preferred Stock (other than Disqualified Stock) issued after the Issue Date and the declaration and payment of dividends to any direct or indirect parent of the Company, the proceeds of
which will be used to fund the payment of dividends to holders of any class or series of Designated Preferred Stock (other than Disqualified Stock) of any direct or indirect parent of the Company, issued after the Issue Date; provided,
however, that (a) the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio for the Companys most recently ended four full fiscal quarters for which internal financial statements are available immediately preceding the date on which such Designated
Preferred Stock is issued, after giving effect to such issuance (and the payment of dividends or distributions) on a pro forma basis, would have been at least 2.0 to 1.0 and (b) the aggregate amount of dividends declared and paid pursuant to
this clause (10) does not exceed the net cash proceeds actually received by the Company from any such sale of Designated Preferred Stock (other than Disqualified Stock) issued after the Issue Date; 

82 

(11) The payment of dividends, other distributions and other amounts by the
Company to, or the making of loans to, any direct or indirect parent of the Company, in the amount required for such parent to, if applicable, pay amounts equal to amounts required for any direct or indirect parent of the Company, if applicable, to
pay interest and/or principal on Indebtedness the proceeds of which have been permanently contributed to the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries and that has been guaranteed by, or is otherwise considered Indebtedness of, the Company or
any of its Restricted Subsidiaries incurred in accordance with Section 4.09 hereof to the extent such dividends are included in the definition of Fixed Charges; 

(12) The payment, purchase, redemption, defeasance, discharge or other acquisition or retirement for value of Indebtedness that
is contractually subordinated to the Notes, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries 

(a) pursuant to provisions similar to those described in Section 3.09, Section 4.10 and Section 4.14 hereof;
provided that, prior to such payment, purchase, redemption, defeasance, discharge or other acquisition or retirement for value, the Company (or a third party to the extent permitted by this Indenture) has made a Change of Control Offer or
Asset Sale Offer, as the case may be, with respect to the Notes as a result of such Change of Control or Asset Sale, as the case may be, and has repurchased all Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn in connection with such Change of Control Offer
or Asset Sale Offer, as the case may be; or 

(b) consisting of Acquired Debt (other than Indebtedness incurred (A) to
provide all or any portion of the funds utilized to consummate the transaction or series of related transactions pursuant to which such Person became a Restricted Subsidiary or was otherwise acquired by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary or
(B) otherwise in connection with or contemplation of such acquisition); 

(13) The distribution, as a dividend or
otherwise, of shares of Capital Stock of, or other transfer or disposition of shares of Capital Stock of, or equity interests in, or Indebtedness owed to the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Company by, Unrestricted Subsidiaries (or a
Restricted Subsidiary that owns one or more Unrestricted Subsidiaries and no other material assets); 

(14) So long as no
Default or Event of Default has occurred and is Continuing, Restricted Payments (including loans or advances) outstanding at the time made in an aggregate amount not to exceed the greater of $150.0 million and 2.5% of Total Assets; 

(15) Any Restricted Payment made in connection with the Transactions and the fees, costs and expenses (including all legal,
accounting and other professional fees, costs and expenses) related thereto or made to fund the Management Services Termination Fees or other amounts owed to Affiliates (including the declaration and payment of dividends to stockholders of the
Company or to any direct or indirect parent company of the Company, the declaration and payment of dividends to, or the making of loans to, any direct or indirect parent company of the Company to fund any such payments and the redemption, repurchase
or retirement for value of the PHC Indebtedness); 

83 

(16) Payments and distributions to dissenting stockholders pursuant to
applicable law (including in connection with, or as a result of, exercise of dissenters or appraisal rights and the settlement of any claims or action (whether actual, contingent or potential)), pursuant to or in connection with the Merger or
a consolidation, merger or transfer of assets of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole that complies with the terms of this Indenture, including Section 5.01 hereof; 

(17) Any prepayment, purchase, repurchase, exchange, redemption, defeasance or other acquisition or retirement for value of
Preferred Stock of the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary made by exchange for or out of the proceeds of the substantially concurrent sale of Preferred Stock of the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, that, in each case, is
permitted to be incurred pursuant to Section 4.09 hereof; 

(18) (a) dividends or distributions in an aggregate amount
per annum not to exceed the greater of (i) up to 6% of the net cash proceeds received by or contributed to the capital of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary in connection with any Equity Offering following the Issue Date and (ii) an
aggregate amount not to exceed 7% of Market Capitalization; or (b) in lieu of all or a portion of the dividends or distributions permitted by clause (a), any prepayment, purchase, repurchase, redemption, defeasance, discharge, retirement or
other acquisition of the Companys Capital Stock (and any equivalent declaration and payment of a distribution of any security exchangeable for such common stock or common equity interests to the extent required by the terms of any such
exchangeable securities and any Restricted Payment to any such parent entity to fund the payment by such parent entity of dividends on such entitys Capital Stock) for aggregate consideration that, when taken together with dividends permitted
by clause (a), does not exceed the amount contemplated by clause (a); 

(19) Investments or other Restricted Payments in an
aggregate amount not to exceed the amount of Declined Excess Proceeds; and 

(20) so long as no Default or Event of Default
has occurred and is continuing (or would result therefrom), any Restricted Payments; provided that after giving effect to such Restricted Payment on a pro forma basis the Company would have a Total Leverage Ratio as of the end of the most recently
completed four-quarter period for which internal financial statements are available at the time that is not greater than 4.0 to 1.0. 

(c)
The amount of all Restricted Payments (other than cash) will be the Fair Market Value on the date of the Restricted Payment of the asset(s) or securities proposed to be transferred or issued by the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case
may be, pursuant to the Restricted Payment. The Fair Market Value of any assets or securities that are required to be valued by this Section 4.07 will be determined by the Company, and in the case of any assets or securities with a Fair Market
Value in excess of $10.0 million, will be determined by the Board of Directors of the Company. 

84 

(d) For purposes of determining compliance with this Section 4.07, in the event that a
Restricted Payment or Investment (or portion thereof) meets the criteria of more than one of the categories of payments described in clauses (1) through (20) of Section 4.07(b) hereof, or is entitled to be incurred pursuant to
Section 4.07(a) hereof and/or one or more of the clauses contained in the definition of Permitted Investment, the Company will be entitled to divide or classify such Restricted Payment or Investment (or portion thereof) on the date
of its payment or later divide or reclassify such Restricted Payment or Investment (or portion thereof) in any manner that complies with this Section 4.07 including as an Investment pursuant to one or more of the clauses contained in the
definition of Permitted Investment. 

(e) For the purposes of this Section 4.07, any payment made on or after the Existing
2018 Notes Issue Date, but prior to the Issue Date, shall be deemed to be a Restricted Payment to the extent that such payment would have been a Restricted Payment had the Indenture been in effect at the time of such payment (and, to the
extent that such Restricted Payment was permitted by clause (z) of Section 4.07(a) hereof or clauses (1) through (19) of Section 4.07(b) hereof or as a Permitted Investment, such Restricted Payment may be deemed by the Company to
have been made pursuant to such clause). 

(f) Unrestricted Subsidiaries may use value transferred from the Company and its Restricted
Subsidiaries in a Permitted Investment to purchase or otherwise acquire Indebtedness or Capital Stock of the Company, any direct or indirect parent entity of the Company or any of the Companys Restricted Subsidiaries, and to transfer value to
the holders of the Capital Stock of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary or any director or indirect parent entity of the Company and to Affiliates thereof, and such purchase, acquisition, or transfer will not be deemed to be a direct or
indirect action by the Company or its Restricted Subsidiaries. 

(g) If the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary makes a Restricted
Payment which at the time of the making of such Restricted Payment would in the good faith determination of the Company be permitted under the provisions of this Indenture, such Restricted Payment shall be deemed to have been made in compliance with
this Indenture notwithstanding any subsequent adjustments made in good faith to the Companys financial statements affecting Consolidated Net Income or Consolidated EBITDA of the Company for any period. 

(h) This Section 4.07 shall not restrict the making of, or dividends or other distributions in amounts sufficient to make, any
AHYDO catch-up payment with respect to any Indebtedness of the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries permitted to be incurred under this Indenture. 

Section 4.08. Dividend and Other Payment Restrictions Affecting Restricted Subsidiaries. 

(a) The Company will not, and will not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, create or permit to exist or
become effective any consensual encumbrance or restriction on the ability of any Restricted Subsidiary to: 

(1) pay
dividends or make any other distributions on its Capital Stock to the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, or with respect to any other interest or participation in, or measured by, its profits, or pay any Indebtedness owed to the Company
or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries; 

85 

(2) make loans or advances to the Company or any of its Restricted
Subsidiaries; or 

(3) sell, lease or transfer any of its properties or assets to the Company or any of its Restricted
Subsidiaries; 

provided that (x) the priority of any Preferred Stock in receiving dividends or liquidating distributions prior
to dividends or liquidating distributions being paid on common stock and (y) the subordination of (including the application of any standstill requirements to) loans or advances made to the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary to other
Indebtedness incurred by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary shall not be deemed to constitute such an encumbrance or restriction. 

(b) The restrictions in Section 4.08(a) hereof will not apply to encumbrances or restrictions existing under or by reason of: 

(1) Agreements governing Existing Indebtedness and Credit Facilities as in effect on the Issue Date (or otherwise required by
such agreements in existence on the Issue Date) and after giving effect to any amendments, restatements, modifications, renewals, supplements, refundings, replacements or refinancings of those agreements; provided that the amendments,
restatements, modifications, renewals, supplements, refundings, replacements or refinancings are not materially more restrictive, taken as a whole, with respect to such dividend and other payment restrictions than those contained in those agreements
on the Issue Date; 

(2) This Indenture, the Notes and the Note Guarantees; 

(3) Agreements governing other Indebtedness permitted to be incurred under Section 4.09 hereof and any amendments,
restatements, modifications, renewals, supplements, refundings, replacements or refinancings of those agreements; provided that either (a) the Company determines (in good faith) that such encumbrance or restriction will not materially
affect the Companys ability to make principal or interest payments on the Notes or (b) such encumbrance or restriction applies only during the continuance of a default in respect of a payment relating to such agreement or instrument; 

(4) Applicable law, rule, regulation or order; 

(5) Any instrument of a Person acquired by the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries as in effect at the time of such
acquisition (except to the extent such instrument was entered into in connection with or in contemplation of such acquisition), which encumbrance or restriction is not applicable to any Person, or the properties or assets of any Person, other than
the Person, or the property or assets of the Person, so acquired; 

86 

(6) Customary provisions in contracts, leases, subleases and licenses
entered into in the ordinary course of business; 

(7) Purchase money obligations, mortgage financings and Capital Lease
Obligations that impose restrictions on the property purchased or leased of the nature described in clause (3) of Section 4.08(a) hereof; 

(8) Contracts for the sale of assets, including any agreement for the sale or other disposition of a Restricted Subsidiary or
all or substantially all of the assets of the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary in compliance with the terms of this Indenture pending such sale or other disposition; 

(9) Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness; provided that the restrictions contained in the agreements governing such
Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness are not materially more restrictive, taken as a whole, than those contained in the agreements governing the Indebtedness being refinanced; 

(10) Secured Indebtedness otherwise permitted to be incurred pursuant to Section 4.09 hereof and Liens permitted to be
incurred pursuant to the provisions of Section 4.12 hereof, in each case, that limit the right of the debtor to dispose of the assets subject to such Liens; 

(11) Provisions limiting the disposition or distribution of assets or property in joint venture agreements, asset sale
agreements, sale-leaseback agreements, stock sale agreements and other similar agreements (including agreements entered into in connection with a Restricted Investment), which limitation is applicable only to
the assets or Persons that are the subject of such agreements; 

(12) Restrictions on cash or other deposits or net worth
imposed by customers under agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business; 

(13) Customary provisions in joint
venture agreements and other similar agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business; 

(14) Any Restricted
Investment not prohibited by Section 4.07 hereof and any Permitted Investment; 

(15) Customary provisions restricting
dispositions of real property interests set forth in any reciprocal easement agreements of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary; 

(16) Hedging Obligations entered into in the ordinary course of business and not for speculative purposes; 

87 

(17) Any encumbrances or restrictions of the type referred to in
Section 4.08(a)(1), (2) and (3) hereof imposed by any amendments, modifications, restatements, renewals, increases, supplements, refundings, replacements or refinancings of the contracts, instruments or obligations referred to in clauses
(1) through (16) above; provided that such amendments, modifications, restatements, renewals, increases, supplements, refundings, replacements or refinancings are, in the good faith judgment of the Company, not materially more
restrictive as a whole with respect to such dividend and other payment restrictions than those contained in the dividend or other payment restrictions prior to such amendment, modification, restatement, renewal, increase, supplement, refunding,
replacement or refinancing; 

(18) Agreements relating to HUD Financing and any amendments of those agreements; and 

(19) Restrictions created in connection with any Qualified Securitization Financing that, in the good faith determination of
the Company, are necessary or advisable to effect such Securitization Facility. 

Section 4.09. Incurrence of Indebtedness and
Issuance of Preferred Stock. 

(a) The Company will not, and will not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, directly or
indirectly, create, incur, issue, assume, guarantee or otherwise become directly or indirectly liable, contingently or otherwise, with respect to (collectively, incur) any Indebtedness (including Acquired Debt), and the Company
will not issue any Disqualified Stock and will not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to issue any shares of Preferred Stock; provided, however, that the Company may incur Indebtedness (including Acquired Debt) or issue
Disqualified Stock, and any Guarantor may incur Indebtedness (including Acquired Debt) or issue Preferred Stock, if the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio for the Companys most recently ended four full fiscal quarters for which internal financial
statements are available immediately preceding the date on which such additional Indebtedness is incurred or such Disqualified Stock or such Preferred Stock is issued, as the case may be, would have been at least 2.0 to 1.0, determined on a pro
forma basis (including a pro forma application of the net proceeds therefrom), as if the additional Indebtedness had been incurred or the Disqualified Stock or the Preferred Stock had been issued, as the case may be, at the beginning of such four-quarter period. 

(b) The provisions of Section 4.09(a) hereof will not prohibit the incurrence
of any of the following (collectively, Permitted Debt): 

(1) The incurrence by the Company and any
Restricted Subsidiary of the Company of Indebtedness and letters of credit and bankers acceptances under Credit Facilities, and Guarantees in respect of such Indebtedness, in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding under this
clause (1) not to exceed the sum of (a) the greater of (x) $2.4 billion and (y) $1.65 billion plus 100% of LTM Consolidated EBITDA and (b) an additional amount, if after giving pro forma effect to the incurrence of such
additional amount and the application of the proceeds therefrom, the Secured Leverage Ratio would be no greater than 4.0 to 1.0 outstanding at any one time (with all Indebtedness incurred under this clause (1)(b) deemed to be Secured Indebtedness
for purposes of calculating the Secured Leverage Ratio; provided that with respect to Indebtedness or commitments incurred under clauses 1(a) and 1(b) of this Section 4.09(b) in a single transaction, the Secured Leverage Ratio shall be
calculated without giving effect to the Indebtedness or commitments incurred pursuant to clause (1)(a) of this Section 4.09(b)), and any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof; 

88 

(2) The incurrence by the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries of the
Existing Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness described in clauses (1) and (3) of this Section 4.09(b)); 

(3)
The incurrence by the Company and the Guarantors of Indebtedness represented by the Notes and the related Note Guarantees to be issued on the Issue Date; 

(4) Indebtedness (i) incurred by the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, including Indebtedness represented by
Capital Lease Obligations, mortgage financings or purchase money obligations (including such Indebtedness as lessee or guarantor), in each case, incurred for the purpose of financing all or any part of the acquisition, lease or cost of design,
construction, installation or improvement of property, plant or equipment used or useful in a Permitted Business, whether through the direct purchase of assets or the Capital Stock of any Person owning such assets, in an aggregate principal amount,
including all Indebtedness incurred to renew, refund, refinance, replace, defease or discharge any Indebtedness incurred pursuant to this clause (4), not to exceed the greater of (a) $135.0 million and (b) 2.0% of Total Assets at the time of
incurrence, at any one time outstanding and (ii) arising out of Sale and Leaseback Transactions not to exceed the greater of (a) $135.0 million and (b) 2.0% of Total Assets at the time of incurrence, at any one time outstanding; 

(5) The incurrence by the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in exchange for,
or the net proceeds of which are used to renew, refund, refinance, replace, defease or discharge, any Indebtedness (other than intercompany Indebtedness) that was permitted by this Indenture to be incurred under Section 4.09(a) hereof or
clauses (2), (3), this clause (5) or clauses (9), (13) or (14) of this Section 4.09(b); 

(6) The incurrence
by the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of intercompany Indebtedness between or among the Company and any of its Restricted Subsidiaries; provided, however, that: 

(A) if the Company or any Guarantor is the obligor on such Indebtedness and the payee is not the Company or a Guarantor, such
Indebtedness must be unsecured and expressly subordinated to the prior payment in full in cash of all Obligations then due with respect to the Notes, in the case of the Company, or the Note Guarantee, in the case of a Guarantor; and 

(B) (i) any subsequent issuance or transfer of Equity Interests that results in any such Indebtedness being held by a Person
other than the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Company, and (ii) any sale or other transfer of any such Indebtedness to a Person that is not either the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Company, will be deemed, in each case,
to constitute an issuance of such Indebtedness by the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, that was not permitted by this clause (6); 

89 

(7) The issuance by any of the Companys Restricted Subsidiaries to the
Company or to any Restricted Subsidiary of the Company of shares of Preferred Stock; provided, however, that: 

(A) any subsequent issuance or transfer of Equity Interests that results in any such Preferred Stock being held by a Person
other than the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Company; and 

(B) any sale or other transfer of any such Preferred
Stock to a Person that is not either the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Company, 

will be deemed, in each case, to constitute an
issuance of such Preferred Stock by such Restricted Subsidiary that was not permitted by this clause (7); 

(8) The
incurrence by the Company or any of the Companys Restricted Subsidiaries of Hedging Obligations in the ordinary course of business and not for speculative purposes; 

(9) The Guarantee by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary of the Company of Indebtedness of the Company or a Restricted
Subsidiary of the Company, in each case, to the extent that the guaranteed Indebtedness was permitted to be incurred by another provision of this Section 4.09; provided that if the Indebtedness being guaranteed is subordinated to or
pari passu with the Notes, then the Guarantee must be subordinated or pari passu, as applicable, to the same extent as the Indebtedness guaranteed; 

(10) The incurrence by the Company or any of the Companys Restricted Subsidiaries of Indebtedness in respect of letters
of credit, bank guarantees, workers compensation claims, health, disability or other employee benefits, property, casualty or liability insurance, self-insurance obligations, bankers acceptances,
guarantees, performance, surety, statutory, judgment, bid, appeal, completion, export or import, indemnities, advance payment (including progress premiums), customs, value added or other tax or other guarantees, discounted bills of exchange,
discounting or factoring of receivables or payables for credit management purposes, warehouse receipts, revenue bonds or similar instruments in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice, including guarantees or obligations
with respect thereto (in each case other than for an obligation for money borrowed); 

(11) The incurrence by the Company or
any of the Companys Restricted Subsidiaries of Indebtedness arising from the honoring by a bank or other financial institution of a check, draft or similar instrument inadvertently drawn against insufficient funds, so long as such Indebtedness
is covered within 10 Business Days and any Indebtedness arising from Treasury Management Arrangements incurred in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice; 

90 

(12) The incurrence by Foreign Subsidiaries of Indebtedness in an aggregate
principal amount not to exceed the greater of (a) $135.0 million and (b) 2.0% of Total Assets (or the equivalent thereof, measured at the time of each incurrence, in the applicable foreign currency), at any one time outstanding; 

(13) Indebtedness of (x) the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary incurred or issued to finance an acquisition or
Investment or (y) any Person outstanding on the date such Person was acquired by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Company or was merged with or into or consolidated with the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Company;
provided that, such Indebtedness is in an aggregate amount not to exceed (i) the greater of $135.0 million and 2.0% of Total Assets at the time of incurrence, at any one time outstanding, plus (ii) unlimited additional
Indebtedness if after giving pro forma effect to such acquisition, merger, amalgamation or consolidation, either: 

(A) the
Company would have been able to incur $1.00 of additional Indebtedness pursuant to Section 4.09(a) hereof; or 

(B) the
Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries would not be lower than it was immediately prior to such acquisition, merger or consolidation; 

(14) The incurrence by the Company or its Restricted Subsidiaries of Indebtedness arising from agreements providing for
guarantees, indemnification, deferred or adjusted purchase price, earn-out or similar obligations, incurred in connection with the acquisition or disposition of any business, assets or Restricted Subsidiary of
the Company (other than Guarantees of Indebtedness incurred by any Person acquiring all or any portion of such business, assets or Restricted Subsidiary for the purpose of financing such acquisition) or other Investment in a business or Person, so
long as, in the case of any disposition, the principal amount of such Indebtedness does not exceed the gross proceeds (including non-cash proceeds) actually received by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary
of the Company in connection with such transactions; 

(15) The incurrence by the Company or any of its Restricted
Subsidiaries of Indebtedness arising in connection with endorsement of instruments for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice; 

(16) The incurrence by the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of Indebtedness consisting of obligations to pay
insurance premiums in an amount not to exceed the annual premiums in respect of such insurance premiums at any one time outstanding; 

(17) Indebtedness of the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, the proceeds of which are applied to defease or
discharge the Notes pursuant to Articles 8 or 11 hereof; 

(18) Take-or-pay obligations contained in supply arrangements entered into by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Company in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice; 

91 

(19) Indebtedness related to unfunded pension fund and other employee
benefit plan obligations and liabilities to the extent they are permitted to remain unfunded under applicable law; 

(20)
The incurrence by the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of additional Indebtedness or the issuance by the Company of Disqualified Stock or the issuance by any Restricted Subsidiary of Preferred Stock in an aggregate principal amount (or
accreted value, as applicable) or liquidation value at any time outstanding, including all Indebtedness incurred to renew, refund, refinance, replace, defease or discharge any Indebtedness or liquidation value incurred pursuant to this clause (20),
not to exceed the greater of (a) $200.0 million and (b) 3.0% of Total Assets at the time of incurrence, at any one time outstanding; 

(21) Indebtedness of the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries supported by a letter of credit, bankers; acceptances or
other similar instruments issued pursuant to the Credit Facilities in a principal amount not in excess of the stated amount of such letter of credit; 

(22) The incurrence of any Physician Support Obligations by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary, in an amount not to
exceed $16.0 million at any one time outstanding; 

(23) HUD Financings incurred after the Issue Date in an aggregate
principal amount not to exceed $30.0 million at any one time outstanding; 

(24) Indebtedness of the Company or any of
its Restricted Subsidiaries arising pursuant to any Permitted Intercompany Activities, Permitted Tax Restructuring and related transactions; 

(25) Indebtedness incurred by a Securitization Subsidiary in a Qualified Securitization Financing; and 

(26) Indebtedness incurred for the repurchase of Equity Interests held in the Company from directors, officers and employees of
the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary, or their respective spouse, heirs, or estate planning vehicles, family trusts or comparable entities or persons, upon the death, disability or termination of employment by the Company or such Restricted
Subsidiary of such director, officer or employee. 

The Company will not incur, and will not permit any Guarantor to incur, any
Indebtedness (including Permitted Debt but excluding intercompany Indebtedness) that is contractually subordinated in right of payment to any other Indebtedness of the Company or such Guarantor unless such Indebtedness is also contractually
subordinated in right of payment to the Notes and the applicable Note Guarantee on substantially identical terms; provided, however, that no Indebtedness will be deemed to be contractually subordinated in right of payment to any other
Indebtedness of the Company solely by virtue of being unsecured or by virtue of being secured on a junior priority basis, by different collateral or because it is guaranteed by different obligors. 

92 

For purposes of determining compliance with this Section 4.09: 

(1) In the event that an item of Indebtedness meets the criteria of more than one of the categories of Indebtedness described
in Section 4.09(a) and Section 4.09(b) hereof, the Company will be permitted to classify such item of Indebtedness on the date of its incurrence, and later divide and reclassify all or a portion of such item of Indebtedness as having been
incurred pursuant to any type of Indebtedness described in Section 4.09(a) and Section 4.09(b) hereof, in any manner that complies with this Section 4.09. 

(2) Indebtedness under Credit Facilities outstanding on the date on which the Notes are first issued and authenticated under
this Indenture will be deemed to have been incurred in reliance on the exception provided by clause (1)(a) of Section 4.09(b) hereof and may not be later reclassified. 

(3) In the case of any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness, when measuring the outstanding amount of such Indebtedness, such
amount shall not include the aggregate amount of accrued and unpaid interest, dividends, premiums (including tender premiums), defeasance costs, underwriting discounts, fees, costs and expenses (including original issue discount, upfront fees or
similar fees) in connection with such refinancing; 

(4) Guarantees of, or obligations in respect of letters of credit,
bankers acceptances or other similar instruments relating to, or Liens securing, Indebtedness that is otherwise included in the determination of a particular amount of Indebtedness shall not be included; 

(5) The principal amount of any Disqualified Stock of the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary, or Preferred Stock of a
Restricted Subsidiary, will be equal to the greater of the maximum mandatory redemption or repurchase price (not including, in either case, any redemption or repurchase premium) or the liquidation preference thereof; 

(6) Indebtedness permitted by this Section 4.09 need not be permitted solely by reference to one provision permitting such
Indebtedness but may be permitted in part by one such provision and in part by one or more other provisions of this Section 4.09 permitting such Indebtedness; 

(7) For all purposes under this Indenture, including for purposes of calculating the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, the Total
Leverage Ratio or the Secured Leverage Ratio, as applicable, in connection with the incurrence, issuance or assumption of any Indebtedness pursuant to Section 4.09(a) and Section 4.09(b) or the incurrence or creation of any Lien pursuant
to the definition of Permitted Liens, the Company may elect, at its option, to treat all or any portion of the committed amount of any Indebtedness (and the issuance and creation of letters of credit and bankers acceptances
thereunder) which is to be incurred (or any commitment in respect thereof) or secured by such Lien, as the case may be (any such committed amount elected until revoked as described below, the Reserved Indebtedness Amount), as
being incurred as of such election date, and, if the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, the Total Leverage Ratio, the Secured Leverage Ratio or 

93 

any other provision of this Indenture, as applicable, is complied with (or satisfied) with respect thereto on such election date, any subsequent borrowing or reborrowing thereunder (and the
issuance and creation of letters of credit and bankers acceptances thereunder) will be deemed to be permitted under this Section 4.09 or the definition of Permitted Liens, as applicable, whether or not the Fixed Charge
Coverage Ratio, the Total Leverage Ratio, the Secured Leverage Ratio or any other provision of this Indenture, as applicable, at the actual time of any subsequent borrowing or reborrowing (or issuance or creation of letters of credit or
bankers acceptances thereunder) is complied with (or satisfied) for all purposes (including as to the absence of any continuing Default or Event of Default); provided that for purposes of subsequent calculations of the Fixed Charge
Coverage Ratio, the Total Leverage Ratio, the Secured Leverage Ratio or any other provision of this Indenture, as applicable, the Reserved Indebtedness Amount shall be deemed to be outstanding, whether or not such amount is actually outstanding, for
so long as such commitments are outstanding or until the Company revokes an election of a Reserved Indebtedness Amount; 

(8) Notwithstanding anything in this Section 4.09 to the contrary, in the case of any Indebtedness incurred to refinance
Indebtedness initially incurred pursuant to Section 4.09(b) hereof measured by reference to a percentage of Total Assets at the time of incurrence, if such refinancing would cause the percentage of Total Assets restriction to be exceeded if
calculated based on the percentage of Total Assets on the date of such refinancing, such percentage of Total Assets restriction shall not be deemed to be exceeded so long as the principal amount of such refinancing Indebtedness does not exceed the
principal amount of such Indebtedness being refinanced, plus accrued and unpaid interest, dividends, premiums (including tender premiums), defeasance costs, underwriting discounts, fees, costs and expenses (including original issue discount,
upfront fees or similar fees) in connection with such refinancing; and 

(9) The amount of Indebtedness issued at a price
that is less than the principal amount thereof will be equal to the amount of the liability in respect thereof determined in accordance with GAAP. 

The accrual of interest or Preferred Stock dividends, the accretion or amortization of original issue discount, the payment of interest on any
Indebtedness in the form of additional Indebtedness, the reclassification of Preferred Stock as Indebtedness due to a change in accounting principles, and the payment of dividends on Preferred Stock or Disqualified Stock in the form of additional
shares of Preferred Stock or Disqualified Stock will not be deemed to be an incurrence of Indebtedness or an issuance of Preferred Stock or Disqualified Stock for purposes of this Section 4.09 or Section 4.12 hereof; provided, in
each such case, that the amount thereof shall be included in Fixed Charges of the Company as accrued. For purposes of determining compliance with any U.S. dollar-denominated restriction on the incurrence of
Indebtedness, the U.S. dollar-equivalent principal amount of Indebtedness denominated in a foreign currency shall be utilized, calculated based on the relevant currency exchange rate in effect on the date such
Indebtedness was incurred, in the case of term debt, or first committed, in the case of revolving credit debt; provided that if such Indebtedness is incurred to refinance other Indebtedness denominated in a foreign currency, and such
refinancing would cause the applicable U.S. dollar-denominated restriction to be exceeded if calculated at the relevant 

94 

currency exchange rate in effect on the date of such refinancing, such U.S. dollar-denominated restriction shall be deemed not to have been exceeded so
long as the principal amount of such refinancing Indebtedness does not exceed (a) the principal amount of such Indebtedness being refinanced plus (b) the aggregate amount of accrued and unpaid interest, dividends, premiums
(including tender premiums), defeasance costs, underwriting discounts, fees, costs and expenses (including original issue discount, upfront fees or similar fees) in connection with such refinancing. 

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 4.09, the maximum amount of Indebtedness that the Company or any Restricted
Subsidiary of the Company may incur pursuant to this Section 4.09 shall not be deemed to be exceeded solely as a result of fluctuations in exchange rates or currency values following the incurrence of such Indebtedness. The principal amount of
any Indebtedness incurred to refinance other Indebtedness, if incurred in a different currency from the Indebtedness being refinanced, shall be calculated based on the currency exchange rate applicable to the currencies in which such respective
Indebtedness is denominated that is in effect on the date of such refinancing. 

The amount of any Indebtedness outstanding as of any date
will be: 

(1) the accreted value of the Indebtedness, in the case of any Indebtedness issued with original issue discount;

(2) the principal amount of the Indebtedness, in the case of any other Indebtedness; and 

(3) in respect of Indebtedness of another Person secured by a Lien on the assets of the specified Person, the lesser of: 

(A) the Fair Market Value of such assets at the date of determination; and 

(B) the amount of the Indebtedness of the other Person. 

Section 4.10. Asset Sales. 

(a) The Company will not, and will not permit any of the Companys Restricted Subsidiaries to, consummate an Asset Sale unless: 

(1) the Company (or the Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be) receives consideration (including by way of relief from, or
by any other Person assuming responsibility for, any liabilities, contingent or otherwise) at the time of the Asset Sale at least equal to the Fair Market Value (measured as of the date of the definitive agreement with respect to such Asset Sale) of
the assets or Equity Interests issued or sold or otherwise disposed of; and 

95 

(2) except in the case of a Permitted Asset Swap, at least 75% of the
consideration received in the Asset Sale by the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary is in the form of cash or Cash Equivalents. For purposes of this provision, each of the following will be deemed to be cash: 

(A) any liabilities, as shown on the Companys most recent consolidated balance sheet or the notes thereto, of the Company
or any Restricted Subsidiary of the Company (other than liabilities that are by their terms subordinated to the Notes or any Note Guarantee) that are assumed by the transferee of any such assets pursuant to a novation or indemnity agreement that
releases the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary from or indemnifies against further liability; 

(B) any securities,
notes or other obligations received by the Company or any such Restricted Subsidiary of the Company from such transferee that are, within 180 days, converted by the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary into cash or Cash Equivalents, to the extent
of the cash or Cash Equivalents received in that conversion; 

(C) any Designated
Non-cash Consideration received by the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in such Asset Sale having an aggregate Fair Market Value, taken together with all other Designated Non-cash Consideration received pursuant to this clause (C) that is at that time outstanding, not to exceed the greater of (x) $200.0 million and (y) 3.0% of Total Assets at the time of the receipt of such
Designated Non-cash Consideration (with the Fair Market Value of each item of Designated Non-cash Consideration being measured at the time received and without giving
effect to subsequent changes in value); 

(D) consideration consisting of Indebtedness of the Company or any Restricted
Subsidiary of the Company that is not subordinated Indebtedness; and 

(E) Indebtedness of any Restricted Subsidiary that is
no longer a Restricted Subsidiary as a result of such Asset Sale, to the extent that the Company and each other Restricted Subsidiary are released from any payment obligations with respect to such Indebtedness or any Guarantee of payment of such
Indebtedness in connection with such Asset Sale. 

(b) Within 365 days from the later of (A) the date of such Asset Sale and
(B) the receipt of any Net Proceeds from an Asset Sale (as may be extended by an Acceptable Commitment as set forth below, the Proceeds Application Period), the Company (or the applicable Restricted Subsidiary, as the case
may be) may apply such Net Proceeds: 

(1) to reduce, prepay, repay or purchase Indebtedness and other Obligations under or
pursuant to a Credit Facility or any Secured Indebtedness (unless the Notes are then secured by a priority or pari passu lien) of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary and, if the Indebtedness repaid is revolving credit Indebtedness, to
correspondingly reduce commitments with respect thereto; 

96 

(2) to reduce Indebtedness and other Obligations of a Restricted Subsidiary
that is not a Guarantor (other than Indebtedness owed to the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Company); 

(3) to
repay (i) Indebtedness or other Obligations of the Company that rank pari passu with the Notes or (ii) Indebtedness and other Obligations of a Guarantor that rank pari passu with such Guarantors Note Guarantee (other
than Indebtedness owed to the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Company); provided that the Company shall equally and ratably redeem or repurchase the Notes pursuant to Section 3.07 hereof, or by making an offer (in accordance
with the procedures set forth below for an Asset Sale Offer) to all Holders to purchase the Notes at 100% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to but not including the date of repayment; 

(4) to acquire all or substantially all of the assets of, or any Capital Stock of, another Permitted Business, if, after giving
effect to any such acquisition of Capital Stock, the Permitted Business is or becomes a Restricted Subsidiary of the Company; 

(5) to make a capital expenditure; 

(6) to acquire other assets that are not classified as current assets under GAAP and that are used or useful in a Permitted
Business; 

(7) to acquire Capital Stock constituting a minority interest in any Person that at such time is a Restricted
Subsidiary; 

(8) to invest (including capital expenditures) in any one or more businesses, properties or assets (other than
current assets) that replace the businesses, properties and/or assets that are the subject of such Asset Sale; or 

(9) any
combination of the foregoing. 

The Company will be deemed to have complied with the provisions set forth in clause (4), (5), (6), (7) and
(8) of this Section 4.10(b) if within 365 days after the Asset Sale that generated the Net Proceeds, the Company (or the applicable Restricted Subsidiary) has entered into and not abandoned or rejected a binding agreement to consummate the
transaction described therein and such transaction is thereafter completed within 180 days after the end of such 365-day period (an Acceptable Commitment). 

Pending the final application of any Net Proceeds, the Company (or the applicable Restricted Subsidiary) may temporarily reduce Indebtedness
(including under the Credit Facilities) or otherwise invest the Net Proceeds in any manner that is not prohibited by this Indenture. The Company (or any Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be) may elect to invest in the assets and/or Capital
Stock, as the case may be, described in clauses (4), (5), (6), (7) and (8) of this Section 4.10(b) prior to receiving the Net Proceeds attributable to any given Asset Sale (provided that such investment shall be made no earlier than
the earliest of notice to the Trustee of the relevant Asset Sale, execution of a definitive agreement for the relevant Asset Sale, and consummation of the relevant Asset Sale) and deem the amount so invested to be applied pursuant to and in
accordance with any of clauses (4), (5), (6), (7) and (8) of this Section 4.10(b) with respect to such Asset Sale. 

97 

(c) If, with respect to any Asset Sale, at the expiration of the Proceeds Application Period
with respect to such Asset Sale, there remains Net Proceeds in excess of $75.0 million (such amount of Net Proceeds that is in excess of $75.0 million, the Excess Proceeds), then within 30 days after the expiration of
the Proceeds Application Period, the Company will make an Asset Sale Offer to all Holders of Notes and, if required by its terms, all holders of Indebtedness of the Company that ranks pari passu with the Notes to purchase, prepay or redeem on
a pro rata basis the maximum principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) of Notes and such other pari passu Indebtedness (plus all accrued interest on the Indebtedness and the amount of all fees and expenses, including
premiums, incurred in connection therewith) that may be purchased, prepaid or redeemed out of the Excess Proceeds. The offer price for the Notes in any Asset Sale Offer will be equal to 100% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid
interest, if any, to but not including the date of purchase, prepayment or redemption, subject to the rights of Holders of Notes on a relevant record date to receive interest due on an interest payment date occurring on or prior to the Purchase
Date, and will be payable in cash. The Company may satisfy the foregoing obligation with respect to the Net Proceeds by making an Asset Sale Offer prior to the expiration of the Proceeds Application Period (the Advance Offer) with
respect to all or a part of the Net Proceeds (the Advance Portion) in advance of being required to do so by this Indenture. If any Excess Proceeds remain after consummation of an Asset Sale Offer (or, in the case of an Advance
Offer, the Advance Portion) (Declined Excess Proceeds), the Company may use such Declined Excess Proceeds for any purpose not otherwise prohibited by this Indenture. If the aggregate principal amount of Notes and other pari
passu Indebtedness tendered in (or required to be prepaid or redeemed in connection with) such Asset Sale Offer exceeds the amount of Excess Proceeds (or, in the case of an Advance Offer, the Advance Portion), the Company will select the Notes
and such other pari passu Indebtedness to be purchased on a pro rata basis, based on the amounts tendered or required to be prepaid or redeemed, and thereafter the Trustee will select the Notes to be purchased on a pro rata
basis based on the amount tendered (with, in each case, such adjustments as may be deemed appropriate by the Company or the Trustee, as applicable, so that only Notes in denominations of $1,000, or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess
thereof, will be purchased, provided that any unpurchased portion of a Note must be in a minimum denomination of $2,000). Upon completion of each Asset Sale Offer, the amount of Excess Proceeds will be reset at zero. To the extent that any
portion of Net Proceeds payable in respect of the notes is denominated in a currency other than U.S. dollars, the amount payable in respect of the Notes shall not exceed the net amount of funds in U.S. dollars that is actually received by the
Company upon converting such portion into U.S. dollars. 

(d) The Company will comply with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the Exchange Act and any other securities laws and regulations thereunder to the extent those laws and regulations are applicable in connection with each repurchase of Notes pursuant to an Asset Sale
Offer. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with the provisions of Section 3.09 hereof or this Section 4.10, the Company will comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will
not be deemed to have breached its obligations under Section 3.09 hereof or this Section 4.10 by virtue of such compliance. 

98 

Section 4.11. Transactions with Affiliates. 

(a) The Company will not, and will not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, make any payment to or sell, lease, transfer or otherwise
dispose of any of its properties or assets to, or purchase any property or assets from, or enter into or make or amend any transaction, contract, agreement, understanding, loan, advance or guarantee with, or for the benefit of, any Affiliate of the
Company (each, an Affiliate Transaction) involving aggregate payments or consideration in excess of $25.0 million, unless: 

(1) the Affiliate Transaction is on terms that are not materially less favorable to the Company, taken as a whole, or the
relevant Restricted Subsidiary than those that would have been obtained in a comparable transaction by the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary with an unrelated Person; and 

(2) with respect to any Affiliate Transaction or series of related Affiliate Transactions involving aggregate consideration in
excess of $50.0 million the terms of such transaction have been approved by a majority of the members of the Board of Directors of the Company. 

Any Affiliate Transaction shall be deemed to have satisfied the requirements set forth in clause (2) of this Section 4.11(a) if such
Affiliate Transaction is approved by a majority of the Disinterested Directors of the Company, if any. 

(b) The following items will not
be deemed to be Affiliate Transactions and, therefore, will not be subject to the provisions of Section 4.11(a) hereof: 

(1) any employment agreement, consulting agreement, severance agreement, employee benefit and pension plan, compensation
arrangement, officer or director indemnification agreement or any similar arrangement entered into by, or policy of, the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries and payments pursuant thereto; 

(2) (a) transactions between or among the Company and/or its Restricted Subsidiaries (or entity that becomes a Restricted
Subsidiary as a result of such transaction) and (b) any merger, amalgamation or consolidation with any direct or indirect parent entity, provided that such parent entity shall have no material liabilities and no material assets other
than cash, Cash Equivalents and the Capital Stock of the Company and such merger, amalgamation or consolidation is otherwise permitted under this Indenture; 

(3) transactions with a Person (other than an Unrestricted Subsidiary of the Company) that is an Affiliate of the Company or an
Associate or similar entity solely because the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary, any Affiliate of the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary or any Affiliate of any Permitted Holder owns an Equity Interest in, or controls, such Person; 

(4) payment of fees and reimbursements of expenses (pursuant to indemnity arrangements or otherwise) of officers, directors,
employees or consultants of the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any direct or indirect parent of the Company; 

99 

(5) any issuance of Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Stock) of the
Company or any direct or indirect parent company of the Company to Affiliates of the Company; 

(6) (a) Restricted Payments
or other transactions that do not violate Section 4.07 hereof and (b) Permitted Investments; 

(7) sales of Equity
Interests of the Company or any direct or indirect parent of the Company to Affiliates of the Company or its Restricted Subsidiaries not otherwise prohibited by this Indenture and the granting of registration, investor and other customary rights in
connection therewith and the payment of fees, costs and expenses related; 

(8) transactions with an Affiliate where the
only consideration paid is Qualifying Equity Interests of the Company; 

(9) transactions in which the Company or any of its
Restricted Subsidiaries, as the case may be, delivers to the Trustee a letter from an Independent Financial Advisor stating that such transaction (i) is fair to the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary from a financial point of view or
(ii) meets the requirements of Section 4.11(a)(1) hereof; 

(10) payments, Indebtedness and Disqualified Stock
(and cancellation of any thereof) of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries and Preferred Stock (and cancellation of any thereof) of any Restricted Subsidiary to any future, current or former employee, director, officer, manager, contractor,
consultant or advisor of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of its direct or indirect parent entities pursuant to any management equity plan, stock option plan, phantom equity plan or any other management, employee benefit or other
compensatory plan or agreement (and any successor plans or arrangements thereto), employment, termination or severance agreement or any stock subscription or equityholder agreement with any such employee, director, officer, manager, contractor,
consultant or advisor that are, in each case, approved by the Company in good faith; 

(11) any agreement as in effect as of
the Issue Date or any amendment thereto or extension, renewal or refinancing thereof (so long as any such agreement together with all amendments thereto or extension, renewal or refinancing thereof, taken as a whole, is not more disadvantageous to
the Holders of the Notes in any material respect than the original agreement as in effect on the Issue Date) or any transaction contemplated thereby; 

(12) transactions with joint ventures or any Subsidiary entered into in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past
practice (including any cash management arrangements or activities related thereto); 

(13) any contributions to the common
equity capital of the Company; 

100 

(14) transactions entered into by an Unrestricted Subsidiary with an
Affiliate prior to the day such Unrestricted Subsidiary is redesignated as a Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to Section 4.17 hereof and pledges of Equity Interests of Unrestricted Subsidiaries; 

(15) the issuances of Capital Stock, options, other equity-related interests,
securities or other payments, awards or grants in cash, securities or otherwise pursuant to, or the funding of, employment arrangements, stock option and stock ownership plans or similar employee benefit plans approved by the Board of Directors of
the Company, any direct or indirect parent of the Company, or of a Restricted Subsidiary of the Company, as appropriate, in good faith; 

(16) the entry into any tax-sharing or receivable arrangements or other equity
agreements in respect of Related Taxes between the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries and any of their direct or indirect parents; provided, however, that any payment made by the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries
under such tax-sharing or receivable arrangements or other equity agreements in respect of Related Taxes is, at the time made, otherwise permitted by Section 4.07 hereof; 

(17) transactions with customers, vendors, clients, lessors, landlords, suppliers, contractors, distributors or purchasers or
sellers of good or services that are Affiliates, in each case, in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice and otherwise in compliance with the terms of this Indenture which are fair to the Company and its Restricted
Subsidiaries, in the reasonable determination of the Board of Directors of the Company; 

(18) transactions between the
Company and any of the Companys Restricted Subsidiaries and any Person a director of which is also a director of the Company or any direct or indirect parent of the Company; provided, however, that such director abstains from
voting as a director of the Company; 

(19) any transition services arrangement, supply arrangement or similar arrangement
entered into in connection with or in contemplation of the disposition of assets or Capital Stock in any Restricted Subsidiary permitted under Section 4.10 hereof or entered into with any Permitted Business, in each case, that the Company
determines in good faith is either fair to the Company or otherwise on customary terms for such type of arrangements in connection with similar transactions; 

(20) (i) any lease entered into between the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary, as lessee, and any Affiliate of the Company,
as lessor and (ii) any operational services arrangement entered into between the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary and any Affiliate of the Company, in each case, which is approved by the reasonable determination of the Company; 

(21) Permitted Intercompany Activities, Permitted Tax Restructurings, Intercompany License Agreements and related transactions;
and 

101 

(22) any transaction effected as part of a Qualified Securitization
Financing or any disposition or acquisition of Securitization Assets or related assets in connection with any Qualified Securitization Financing. 

In addition, if the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (i) purchases or otherwise acquires assets or properties from a Person
which is not an Affiliate, the purchase or acquisition by an Affiliate of the Company of an interest in all or a portion of the assets or properties acquired shall not be deemed an Affiliate Transaction (or cause such purchase or acquisition by the
Company or a Restricted Subsidiary to be deemed an Affiliate Transaction) or (ii) sells or otherwise disposes of assets or other properties to a Person who is not an Affiliate, the sale or other disposition by an Affiliate of the Company of an
interest in all or a portion of the assets or properties sold shall not be deemed an Affiliate Transaction (or cause such sale or other disposition by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary to be deemed an Affiliate Transaction). 

Section 4.12. Liens. 

(a) The Company will not, and will not permit any of the Guarantors to, directly or indirectly, create, incur or assume any Lien of any kind
securing Indebtedness on any asset now owned or hereafter acquired, except Permitted Liens, unless: 

(1) in the case of
Liens securing subordinated Indebtedness, the Notes and the Note Guarantees are secured by a Lien on such property, assets or proceeds that is senior in priority to such Liens; or 

(2) in all other cases, the Notes and the Note Guarantees are equally and ratably secured. 

(b) Any Lien created for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes pursuant to this Section 4.12 shall be deemed automatically and
unconditionally released and discharged upon the release and discharge of each of the Liens described in clauses (1) and (2) of Section 4.12(a) hereof. 

(c) With respect to any Lien securing Indebtedness that was permitted to secure such Indebtedness at the time of the incurrence of such
Indebtedness, such Lien shall also be permitted to secure any Increased Amount of such Indebtedness. The Increased Amount of any Indebtedness shall mean any increase in the amount of such Indebtedness in connection with any
accrual of interest, the accretion of accreted value, the amortization of original issue discount, the payment of interest in the form of additional Indebtedness with the same terms, accretion of original issue discount or liquidation preference and
increases in the amount of Indebtedness outstanding solely as a result of fluctuations in the exchange rate of currencies or increases in the value of property securing Indebtedness. 

Section 4.13. Corporate Existence. 

Subject to Article 5 hereof, the Company shall do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve and keep in full force and effect: 

102 

(1) its corporate existence, and the corporate, partnership or other
existence of each of the Companys Restricted Subsidiaries, in accordance with the respective organizational documents (as the same may be amended from time to time) of the Company or any such Restricted Subsidiary; and 

(2) the rights (charter and statutory), licenses and franchises of the Company and its Subsidiaries; 

provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to preserve any such right, license or franchise, or the corporate, partnership or
other existence of any of the Companys Subsidiaries, if the Board of Directors of the Company shall determine that the preservation thereof is no longer desirable in the conduct of the business of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries,
taken as a whole. 

Section 4.14. Offer to Repurchase Upon Change of Control. 

(a) If a Change of Control occurs, unless a third party consummates a Change of Control Offer or the Company has previously or substantially
concurrently therewith delivered notice of its intention to redeem the Notes pursuant to Article 3 hereof each Holder of Notes will have the right to require the Company to repurchase all or any part (equal to $1,000 or an integral multiple of
$1,000 in excess thereof) of that Holders Notes pursuant to an offer (a Change of Control Offer) on the terms set forth in this Indenture (provided, that any unpurchased portion of a Note must be in a minimum
denomination of $2,000) at a purchase price in cash (the Change of Control Payment) equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of Notes repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the Notes repurchased to
but excluding the date of purchase (the Change of Control Payment Date), subject to the rights of Holders of Notes on a relevant record date to receive interest due on an interest payment date occurring on or prior to the Change
of Control Payment Date (it being understood that to the extent any cash proceeds of a Change of Control are required to prepay the Obligations under the Credit Agreement pursuant to the terms thereof, the Company will be required to first apply
such cash proceeds to prepay such Obligations under the Credit Agreement but the Company will still be required to make a Change of Control Offer as set forth in this Section 4.14). Within 30 days following any Change of Control, except to the
extent the Company has delivered notice of its intention to redeem the Notes pursuant to Section 3.07 hereof and except in the case of conditional Change of Control Offer made in advance of a Change of Control as described below, the Company
will deliver or cause to be delivered a notice to each Holder electronically in accordance with the applicable procedures of DTC or by first-class mail at the address of such Holder appearing in the security
register or otherwise in accordance with the applicable procedures of DTC, describing the transaction or transactions that constitute the Change of Control and stating: 

(1) that the Change of Control Offer is being made pursuant to this Section 4.14 and that all Notes tendered will be
accepted for payment; 

(2) the purchase price and the Change of Control Payment Date, which shall be no earlier than 10
days and no later than 60 days from the date such notice is mailed; 

103 

(3) that any Note not tendered will continue to accrue interest; 

(4) that, unless the Company defaults in the payment of the Change of Control Payment, all Notes accepted for payment pursuant
to the Change of Control Offer will cease to accrue interest after the Change of Control Payment Date; 

(5) that Holders
electing to have any Notes purchased pursuant to a Change of Control Offer will be required to surrender the Notes, with the form entitled Option of Holder to Elect Purchase attached to the Notes completed, or transfer by book-entry transfer, to the Paying Agent at the address specified in the notice prior to the close of business on the third Business Day preceding the Change of Control Payment Date; 

(6) that Holders will be entitled to withdraw their election if the Paying Agent receives, not later than the close of business
on the fifth Business Day preceding the Change of Control Payment Date, a telegram, telex, facsimile transmission or letter setting forth the name of the Holder, the principal amount of Notes delivered for purchase, and a statement that such Holder
is withdrawing his election to have the Notes purchased; and 

(7) that Holders whose Notes are being purchased only in part
will be issued new Notes equal in principal amount to the unpurchased portion of the Notes surrendered, which unpurchased portion must be equal to $2,000 in principal amount or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof. 

The Company will comply with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the Exchange Act and any other
securities laws and regulations thereunder to the extent those laws and regulations are applicable in connection with the repurchase of the Notes as a result of a Change of Control. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or
regulations conflict with the provisions of this Section 4.14, the Company will comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Section 4.14 by virtue of such
compliance. The Company may rely on any no action letters issued by the SEC indicating that the staff of the SEC will not recommend enforcement action in the event a tender offer satisfies certain conditions. 

(b) On the Change of Control Payment Date, the Company will, to the extent lawful: 

(1) accept for payment all Notes or portions of Notes properly tendered pursuant to the Change of Control Offer; 

(2) deposit with the Paying Agent an amount equal to the Change of Control Payment in respect of all Notes or portions of Notes
properly tendered; and 

(3) deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee the Notes properly accepted together with an
Officers Certificate stating the aggregate principal amount of Notes or portions of Notes being purchased by the Company. 

104 

The Paying Agent will promptly deliver to each Holder of Notes properly tendered the Change
of Control Payment for such Notes, and the Trustee will promptly authenticate and mail (or cause to be transferred by book entry) to each Holder a new Note equal in principal amount to any unpurchased portion of the Notes surrendered, if any. The
Company will publicly announce the results of the Change of Control Offer on or as soon as practicable after the Change of Control Payment Date. 

(c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 4.14, the Company will not be required to make a Change of Control Offer
upon a Change of Control if (1) a third party makes the Change of Control Offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements set forth in this Section 4.14 and purchases all Notes properly tendered and not
withdrawn under the Change of Control Offer, or (2) notice of redemption has been given to the Trustee pursuant to Section 3.07 hereof, unless and until there is a default in payment of the applicable redemption price. 

(d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, a Change of Control Offer may be made in advance of a Change of Control, or
conditioned upon the consummation of such Change of Control, if a definitive agreement is in place for the Change of Control at the time the Change of Control Offer is made. 

Section 4.15. [Reserved]. 

Section 4.16. Additional Note Guarantees. 

If the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries acquires or creates another Wholly Owned Restricted Subsidiary that is a Domestic
Subsidiary that guarantees payment by the Company of Indebtedness under (i) any syndicated Credit Facility or (ii) capital markets debt securities of the Company or any other Guarantor after the Issue Date, then that newly acquired or
created Wholly Owned Restricted Subsidiary that is a Domestic Subsidiary will become a Guarantor and execute a supplemental indenture substantially in the form of Exhibit E hereto within 60 days of the date on which it guarantees such
Indebtedness; provided that the foregoing shall not apply to (i) HUD Financing Subsidiaries, (ii) any Insurance Subsidiary or (iii) Subsidiaries that have been properly designated as Unrestricted Subsidiaries in accordance with
Section 4.17 hereof, provided, further, however, that this covenant shall not be applicable in the event that the Guarantee of the Companys obligations under the Notes or this Indenture by such Subsidiary would not be
permitted under applicable law. 

The Company may elect, in its sole discretion, to cause or allow, as the case may be, any Subsidiary or
any of its direct or indirect parent entities that is not otherwise required to be a Guarantor to become a Guarantor, in which case, such Subsidiary or direct or indirect parent entity shall not be required to comply with the 60-day period described above and such Note Guarantee may be released at any time in the Companys sole discretion so long as any Indebtedness of such Subsidiary then outstanding could have been incurred by
such Subsidiary (either (x) when so incurred or (y) at the time of the release of such Guarantee) assuming such Subsidiary were not a Guarantor at such time. 

105 

Section 4.17.Designation of Restricted and Unrestricted Subsidiaries. 

The Board of Directors of the Company may designate any Restricted Subsidiary to be an Unrestricted Subsidiary if that designation would not
cause a Default. If a Restricted Subsidiary is designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary, the aggregate Fair Market Value of all outstanding Investments owned by the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries in the Subsidiary designated as Unrestricted
will be deemed to be an Investment made as of the time of the designation and will reduce the amount available for Restricted Payments under Section 4.07 hereof or under one or more clauses of the definition of Permitted
Investments, as determined by the Company. That designation will only be permitted if the Investment would be permitted at that time and if the Restricted Subsidiary otherwise meets the definition of an Unrestricted Subsidiary. 

Subject to the next succeeding paragraph, the Board of Directors of the Company may redesignate any Unrestricted Subsidiary to be a Restricted
Subsidiary if that redesignation would not cause a Default. 

Any designation of a Subsidiary of the Company as an Unrestricted Subsidiary
will be evidenced to the Trustee by filing with the Trustee a certified copy of a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Company giving effect to such designation and an Officers Certificate certifying that such designation complied with
the preceding conditions and was permitted by Section 4.07 hereof. If, at any time, any Unrestricted Subsidiary would fail to meet the preceding requirements as an Unrestricted Subsidiary, it will thereafter cease to be an Unrestricted
Subsidiary for purposes of this Indenture and any Indebtedness of such Subsidiary will be deemed to be incurred by a Restricted Subsidiary of the Company as of such date and, if such Indebtedness is not permitted to be incurred as of such date under
Section 4.09 hereof, the Company will be in default of Section 4.09 hereof. The Board of Directors of the Company may at any time designate any Unrestricted Subsidiary to be a Restricted Subsidiary of the Company; provided that such
designation will be deemed to be an incurrence of Indebtedness by a Restricted Subsidiary of the Company of any outstanding Indebtedness of such Unrestricted Subsidiary, and such designation will only be permitted if (1) such Indebtedness is
permitted by Section 4.09 hereof, calculated on a pro forma basis as if such designation had occurred at the beginning of the applicable reference period; and (2) no Default or Event of Default would be in existence following such
designation. 

Section 4.18. Changes in Covenants When Notes Rated Investment Grade. 

If on any date following the Issue Date: 

(1) the Notes are rated Baa3 or better by Moodys and BBB- or better by S&P
(or, if either such entity ceases to rate the Notes for reasons outside of the control of the Company, the equivalent investment grade credit rating from any other nationally recognized statistical rating organization within the meaning
of Section 3(a)(62) of the Exchange Act selected by the Company as a replacement agency) (Investment Grade Status); and 

(2) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be Continuing, 

then, beginning on that day and Continuing at all times thereafter and subject to the provisions of the following paragraph, Sections 4.07, 4.08, 4.09,
4.10, 4.11, 4.16 and 5.01(4) hereof (collectively, the Suspended Covenants) will be suspended. 

106 

During any period that the Suspended Covenants have been suspended, the Companys Board
of Directors may not designate any of its Subsidiaries as Unrestricted Subsidiaries pursuant to Section 4.17 hereof unless the Companys Board of Directors would have been able, under the terms of this Indenture, to designate such
Subsidiaries as Unrestricted Subsidiaries if the Suspended Covenants were not suspended. 

Notwithstanding that the Suspended Covenants may
be reinstated, the failure to comply with the Suspended Covenants during the Suspension Period (including any action taken or omitted to be taken with respect thereto) will not give rise to a Default or Event of Default under this Indenture. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the rating assigned by either such rating agency should subsequently decline to below Baa3 or BBB-, respectively, the Suspended Covenants will be reinstituted as of and from the date of such rating decline (any such date, a Reversion Date). No Default, Event of Default or breach of any
kind shall be deemed to exist under this Indenture, the Notes or the Note Guarantees with respect to the Suspended Covenants based on, and none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries shall bear any liability for, any actions taken or events
occurring during the Suspension Period, or any actions taken at any time pursuant to any contractual obligation arising prior to the Reversion Date that were permitted at such time, regardless of whether such actions or events would have been
permitted if the applicable Suspended Covenants remained in effect during such period. The period of time between the suspension of covenants as set forth above and the Reversion Date is referred to as the Suspension Period. All
Indebtedness incurred (including Acquired Debt) and Disqualified Stock or preferred stock issued during the Suspension Period will be deemed to have been incurred or issued in reliance on the exception provided by clause (2) of the definition
of Permitted Debt. 

Calculations under the reinstated Section 4.07 hereof will be made as if Section 4.07 hereof had been in
effect prior to, but not during, the period that Section 4.07 hereof was suspended as set forth above. Accordingly, any Restricted Payment made during the Suspension Period shall in no event reduce the amount of Restricted Payments permitted by
Section 4.07(a). For purposes of determining compliance with Section 4.10 hereof, the Excess Proceeds from all Asset Sales not applied in accordance with Section 4.10 hereof will be deemed to be reset to zero after the Reversion Date.
Subsidiaries that would have been required to grant Note Guarantees but for a Suspension Period shall grant Note Guarantees upon the Reversion Date. 

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company and the Companys Restricted Subsidiaries may honor any contractual
commitments to take actions following a Reversion Date without causing a Default or Event of Default; provided that such contractual commitments were entered into during the Suspension Period and not in contemplation of a reversion of the
Suspended Covenants. 

The Company shall deliver promptly to the Trustee an Officers Certificate notifying it of the beginning of any
Suspension Period and any Reversion Date. 

107 

ARTICLE 5 

SUCCESSORS 

Section 5.01. Merger, Consolidation or Sale of Assets. 

The Company will not, directly or indirectly: (1) consolidate or merge with or into another Person (whether or not the Company is the
surviving corporation), or (2) sell, assign, transfer, convey, lease or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of the properties or assets of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole, in one or more related
transactions, to another Person, unless: 

(1) either: 

(A) the Company is the surviving corporation; or 

(B) the Person formed by or surviving any such consolidation or merger (if other than the Company) or to which such sale,
assignment, transfer, conveyance, lease or other disposition has been made is an entity organized or existing under the laws of the United States, any state of the United States or the District of Columbia or any territory thereof and, if such
entity is not a corporation, a co-obligor of the Notes is a corporation organized or existing under any such laws; 

(2) the Person formed by or surviving any such consolidation or merger (if other than the Company) or the Person to which such
sale, assignment, transfer, conveyance, lease or other disposition has been made assumes all the Obligations of the Company under the Notes and this Indenture pursuant to a supplemental indenture substantially in the form of Exhibit E hereto;

(3) immediately after such transaction, no Event of Default exists; 

(4) on the date of such transaction after giving pro forma effect thereto and any related financing transactions as if the same
had occurred at the beginning of the applicable four-quarter period, either (a) the Company or the Person formed by or surviving any such consolidation or merger (if other than the Company), or to which
such sale, assignment, transfer, conveyance, lease or other disposition has been made would, be permitted to incur at least $1.00 of additional Indebtedness pursuant to Section 4.09(a) hereof or (b) the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of the
Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries would not be lower than it was immediately prior to giving effect to such transaction; and 

(5) other than with respect to mergers or consolidations of a Guarantor into another Guarantor or the Company, the Company
shall deliver to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that such consolidation, merger, sale, assignment, transfer, conveyance, lease or other disposition and, if a supplemental indenture is required in
connection with such transaction, such supplemental indenture comply with this Article and that all conditions precedent herein provided for relating to such transaction have been complied with. 

108 

This Section 5.01 will not apply to any sale, assignment, transfer, conveyance, lease
or other disposition of assets between or among the Company and any Wholly Owned Restricted Subsidiary of the Company. Notwithstanding clauses (3) and (4) of this Section 5.01, (a) the Company may consolidate or otherwise combine with,
merge into or transfer all or part of its properties and assets to a Guarantor, (b) the Company may consolidate or otherwise combine with or merge into an Affiliate incorporated or organized for the purpose of changing the legal domicile of the
Company, reincorporating the Company in another jurisdiction, or changing the legal form of the Company, (c) any Restricted Subsidiary may consolidate or otherwise combine with, merge into or transfer all or part of its properties and assets to
the Company or a Guarantor and (d) any Restricted Subsidiary may consolidate or otherwise combine with, merge into or transfer all or part of its properties and assets to any other Restricted Subsidiary. 

Section 5.02. Successor Corporation Substituted. 

Upon any consolidation or merger, or any sale, assignment, transfer, lease, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of the
properties or assets of the Company in a transaction that is subject to, and that complies with the provisions of, Section 5.01 hereof, (a) the successor Person formed by such consolidation or into or with which the Company is merged or to
which such sale, assignment, transfer, lease, conveyance or other disposition is made shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such consolidation, merger, sale, assignment, transfer, lease, conveyance or other
disposition, the provisions of this Indenture referring to the Company shall refer instead to the successor Person and not to the Company), and may exercise every right and power of the Company under this Indenture with the same effect
as if such successor Person had been named as the Company herein; and (b) the Company or such predecessor Person, as the case may be, (except in the case of a lease) shall be released from its obligations under this Indenture and the Notes.

ARTICLE 6 

DEFAULTS
AND REMEDIES 

Section 6.01. Events of Default. 

Each of the following is an Event of Default: 

(1) default for 30 days in the payment when due of interest, if any, on the Notes; 

(2) default in the payment when due (at maturity, upon redemption or otherwise) of the principal of, or premium, if any, on,
the Notes; 

(3) failure by the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries for 60 days after written notice by the
Trustee to the Company or by the Holders of at least 30% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding voting as a single class to the Company and the Trustee to comply with any of the agreements in this Indenture (other than a default
referred to in clause (1) or (2) of this Section 6.01); provided that in the case of a failure to comply with Section 4.03 hereof, such period of continuance of such default or breach shall be 180 days after written notice
described in this clause has been given; 

109 

(4) default under any mortgage, indenture or instrument under which there
may be issued or by which there may be secured or evidenced any Indebtedness for money borrowed by the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that is a Significant Subsidiary (or the payment of which is guaranteed by the Company or any of its
Restricted Subsidiaries that is a Significant Subsidiary), whether such Indebtedness or Guarantee now exists, or is created after the Issue Date, if that default: 

(A) is caused by a failure to pay principal of, or premium, if any, on any such Indebtedness at final Stated Maturity (after
giving effect to any applicable grace periods) (a Payment Default); or 

(B) results in the acceleration
of such Indebtedness prior to its express maturity, and, in each case, the principal amount of any such Indebtedness, together with the principal amount of any other such Indebtedness under which there has been a Payment Default or the maturity of
which has been so accelerated, aggregates to $100.0 million or more at any one time outstanding; 

(5) failure by the
Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that is a Significant Subsidiary to pay final non-appealable judgments entered by a court or courts of competent jurisdiction aggregating in excess of
$100.0 million (other than any judgments covered by indemnities or insurance policies issued by reputable and creditworthy companies), which judgments are not paid, discharged or stayed, for a period of 60 days, after the applicable judgment
becomes final and non-appealable;

(6) the Company or any of its Restricted
Subsidiaries that is a Significant Subsidiary or any group of Restricted Subsidiaries of the Company that, taken together, would constitute a Significant Subsidiary pursuant to or within the meaning of Bankruptcy Law: 

(A) commences a voluntary case, 

(B) consents to the entry of an order for relief against it in an involuntary case, 

(C) consents to the appointment of a custodian of it or for all or substantially all of its property, 

(D) makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors, or 

(E) admits in writing its inability to pay its debts as they become due; 

(7) a court of competent jurisdiction enters an order or decree under any Bankruptcy Law that: 

(A) is for relief against either of the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that is a Significant Subsidiary or any
group of Restricted Subsidiaries of the Company that, taken together, would constitute a Significant Subsidiary in an involuntary case; 

110 

(B) appoints a custodian of either of the Company or any of its Restricted
Subsidiaries that is a Significant Subsidiary or any group of Restricted Subsidiaries of the Company that, taken together, would constitute a Significant Subsidiary or for all or substantially all of the property of either of the Company or any of
its Restricted Subsidiaries that is a Significant Subsidiary or any group of Restricted Subsidiaries of the Company that, taken together, would constitute a Significant Subsidiary; or 

(C) orders the liquidation of either of the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that is a Significant Subsidiary or
any group of Restricted Subsidiaries of the Company that, taken together, would constitute a Significant Subsidiary; 

and the order or
decree remains unstayed and in effect for 60 consecutive days; or 

(8) except as permitted by this Indenture, any Note
Guarantee of a Significant Subsidiary is held in any judicial proceeding to be unenforceable or invalid or ceases for any reason to be in full force and effect (except as contemplated by the terms hereof), or any Guarantor, or any Person acting on
behalf of any Guarantor, denies or disaffirms its Obligations under its Note Guarantee and any such Default continues for 10 days. 

Section 6.02. Acceleration. 

In the case of an Event of Default specified in clause (6) or (7) of Section 6.01 hereof, with respect to either of the Company, any
Restricted Subsidiary of the Company that is a Significant Subsidiary or any group of Restricted Subsidiaries of the Company that, taken together, would constitute a Significant Subsidiary, all outstanding Notes will become due and payable
immediately without further action or notice. If any other Event of Default occurs and is Continuing, the Trustee or the Holders of at least 30% in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes by written notice to the Company (with a
copy to the Trustee if given by Holders of Notes) may declare all the Notes to be due and payable immediately provided that a notice of Default may not be given with respect to any action taken, and reported publicly or to Holders, more than
two years prior to such notice of Default. 

The Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes by
written notice to the Trustee may, on behalf of all of the Holders of all the Notes, rescind such an acceleration and its consequences hereunder, if the rescission would not conflict with any judgment or decree and if all existing Events of Default
(except nonpayment of principal of, premium on, if any, or interest, if any, on, the Notes that has become due solely because of the acceleration) have been cured or waived and if all sums paid or advanced by the Trustee hereunder and the reasonable
compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel have been paid. 

111 

In the event of a declaration of acceleration of the Notes because an Event of Default has
occurred and is Continuing as a result of the acceleration of any Indebtedness described in Section 6.01(4) hereof (excluding any resulting Payment Default under this Indenture or the Notes), the declaration of acceleration of the Notes shall
be automatically annulled if the event of default or payment default triggering such Event of Default shall be remedied or cured, or waived by the holders of the Indebtedness, or the Indebtedness that gave rise to such Event of Default shall have
been discharged in full, in each case, within 30 days of the date of such declaration of acceleration of the Notes, and if the annulment of the acceleration of the Notes would not conflict with any judgment or decree of a court of competent
jurisdiction. 

Any notice of Default, notice of acceleration or instruction to the Trustee to provide a notice of Default, notice of
acceleration or take any other action (a Noteholder Direction) provided by any one or more Holders (each a Directing Holder) must be accompanied by a written representation from each such Holder delivered to the
Company and the Trustee that such Holder is not (or, in the case such Holder is DTC or its nominee, that such Holder is being instructed solely by beneficial owners that have represented to such Holder that they are not) Net Short (a
Position Representation), which representation, in the case of a Noteholder Direction relating to the delivery of a notice of Default shall be deemed a continuing representation until the resulting Event of Default is cured or
otherwise ceases to exist or the Notes are accelerated. In addition, each Directing Holder is deemed, at the time of providing a Noteholder Direction, to covenant to provide the Company with such other information as the Company may reasonably
request from time to time in order to verify the accuracy of such Noteholders Position Representation within five Business Days of request therefor (a Verification Covenant). In any case in which the Holder is DTC or its
nominee, any Position Representation or Verification Covenant required hereunder shall be provided by the beneficial owner of the Notes in lieu of DTC or its nominee and DTC shall be entitled to conclusively rely on such Position Representation and
Verification Covenant in delivering its direction to the Trustee. 

If, following the delivery of a Noteholder Direction, but prior to
acceleration of the Notes, the Company determines in good faith that there is a reasonable basis to believe a Directing Holder was, at any relevant time, in breach of its Position Representation and provides to the Trustee an Officers
Certificate stating that the Company has initiated litigation in a court of competent jurisdiction seeking a determination that such Directing Holder was, at such time, in breach of its Position Representation, and seeking to invalidate any Default,
Event of Default or acceleration (or notice thereof) that resulted from the applicable Noteholder Direction, the cure period with respect to such Default shall be automatically stayed and the cure period with respect to such Default or Event of
Default shall be automatically reinstituted and any remedy stayed pending a final and non-appealable determination of a court of competent jurisdiction on such matter. If, following the delivery of a
Noteholder Direction, but prior to acceleration of the Notes, the Company provides to the Trustee an Officers Certificate stating that a Directing Holder failed to satisfy its Verification Covenant, the cure period with respect to such Default
shall be automatically stayed and the cure period with respect to any Default or Event of Default that resulted from the applicable Noteholder Direction shall be automatically reinstituted and any remedy stayed pending satisfaction of such
Verification Covenant. Any breach of the Position Representation shall result in such Holders participation in such Noteholder Direction being disregarded; and, if, without the participation of such Holder, the percentage of Notes held by the
remaining Holders that provided such Noteholder Direction would have been insufficient to validly provide such Noteholder Direction, such Noteholder Direction shall be void ab initio, with the effect that such Default or Event of Default shall be
deemed never to have occurred, acceleration voided and the Trustee shall be deemed not to have received such Noteholder Direction or any notice of such Default or Event of Default. 

112 

Notwithstanding anything in the preceding two paragraphs to the contrary, any Noteholder
Direction delivered to the Trustee during the pendency of an Event of Default as the result of a bankruptcy or similar proceeding shall not require compliance with the foregoing paragraphs. 

For the avoidance of doubt, the Trustee shall be entitled to conclusively rely on any Noteholder Direction delivered to it in accordance with
this Indenture, shall have no duty to inquire as to or investigate the accuracy of any Position Representation, enforce compliance with any Verification Covenant, verify any statements in any Officers Certificate delivered to it, or otherwise
make calculations, investigations or determinations with respect to Derivative Instruments, Net Shorts, Long Derivative Instruments, Short Derivative Instruments or otherwise. The Trustee shall have no liability to the Company, any Holder or any
other Person in acting in good faith on a Noteholder Direction. 

Section 6.03. Other Remedies. 

If an Event of Default occurs and is Continuing, the Trustee may pursue any available remedy to collect the payment of principal of, premium
on, if any, or interest, if any, on, the Notes or to enforce the performance of any provision of the Notes or this Indenture. 

The Trustee
may maintain a proceeding even if it does not possess any of the Notes or does not produce any of them in the proceeding. A delay or omission by the Trustee or any Holder of a Note in exercising any right or remedy accruing upon an Event of Default
shall not impair the right or remedy or constitute a waiver of or acquiescence in the Event of Default. All remedies are cumulative to the extent permitted by law. 

Section 6.04. Waiver of Past Defaults. 

The Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes by written notice to the Trustee may, on behalf of the
Holders of all of the Notes waive all past and any existing Default or Event of Default and its consequences hereunder, except a continuing Default or Event of Default in the payment of principal of, premium on, if any, or interest, if any, on, the
Notes (including in connection with an offer to purchase); provided, however, that the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes may rescind an acceleration and its consequences, including any
related payment default that resulted from such acceleration. Upon any such waiver, such Default shall cease to exist, and any Event of Default arising therefrom shall be deemed to have been cured for every purpose of this Indenture; but no such
waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default or impair any right consequent thereon. 

If a Default is deemed to occur solely as
a consequence of the existence of another Default (the Initial Default), then, at the time such Initial Default is cured, the Default that resulted solely because of that Initial Default will also be cured without any further
action. Any Default or Event of Default for the failure to comply with the time periods prescribed in Section 4.03 hereof or otherwise to deliver any notice or certificate pursuant to any other provision of this Indenture shall be deemed to be
cured upon the delivery of any such report required by Section 4.03 hereof or such notice or certificate, as applicable, even though such delivery is not within the prescribed period specified in this Indenture. Any time period in this
Indenture to cure any actual or alleged Default or Event of Default may be extended or stayed by a court of competent jurisdiction. 

113 

Section 6.05. Control by Majority. 

Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes may direct the time, method and place of conducting any
proceeding for exercising any remedy available to the Trustee or exercising any trust or power conferred on it. 

However, the Trustee may
refuse to follow any direction that conflicts with law or this Indenture, that the Trustee determines may be unduly prejudicial to the rights of other Holders of Notes or that may involve the Trustee in personal liability, or that the Trustee
determines in good faith may be unduly prejudicial to the rights of Holders of the Notes not joining in the giving of such direction and may take any other action it deems proper that is not inconsistent with any such direction received from Holders
of Notes. 

Section 6.06. Limitation on Suits. 

No Holder of a Note may pursue any remedy with respect to this Indenture or the Notes unless: 

(1) such Holder has previously given the Trustee written notice that an Event of Default has occurred and is Continuing; 

(2) Holders of at least 30% in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes make a written request to the Trustee
to pursue the remedy; 

(3) such Holder or Holders offer and, if requested, provide to the Trustee security or indemnity
reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee against any loss, liability or expense; 

(4) the Trustee does not comply with such
request within 60 days after receipt of the notice, request and the offer of security or indemnity; and 

(5) during such 60-day period, Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes do not give the Trustee a direction inconsistent with such request. 

A Holder of a Note may not use this Indenture to prejudice the rights of another Holder of a Note or to obtain a preference or priority over
another Holder of a Note. 

Section 6.07. Rights of Holders of Notes to Receive Payment. 

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Indenture, the right of any Holder of a Note to receive payment of principal of, premium on, if
any, or interest, if any, on, the Note, on or after the respective due dates expressed or provided for in the Note (including in connection with an offer to purchase), or to bring suit for the enforcement of any such payment on or after such
respective dates, shall not be impaired or affected without the consent of such Holder. 

114 

Section 6.08. Collection Suit by Trustee. 

If an Event of Default specified in Section 6.01(1) or (2) hereof occurs and is continuing, the Trustee is authorized to recover
judgment in its own name and as trustee of an express trust against the Company for the whole amount of principal of, premium on, if any, and interest, if any, remaining unpaid on, the Notes and interest on overdue principal and, to the extent
lawful, interest and such further amount as shall be sufficient to cover the costs and expenses of collection, including the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel. 

Section 6.09. Restoration of Rights and Remedies. 

If the Trustee or any Holder has instituted any proceeding to enforce any right or remedy under this Indenture and such proceeding has been
determined or abandoned for any reason, or has been determined adversely to the Trustee or to such Holder, then and in every such case, subject to any determination in such proceedings or any other proceedings, the Company, the Trustee and the
Holders shall be restored severally and respectively to their former positions hereunder and thereafter all rights and remedies hereunder of the Trustee and the Holders shall continue as though no such proceeding had been instituted. 

Section 6.10. Trustee May File Proofs of Claim. 

The Trustee is authorized to file such proofs of claim and other papers or documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the
claims of the Trustee (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel) and the Holders of the Notes allowed in any judicial proceedings relative to the Company (or any
other obligor upon the Notes), its creditors or its property and shall be entitled and empowered to collect, receive and distribute any money or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and any custodian in any such judicial
proceeding is hereby authorized by each Holder to make such payments to the Trustee, and in the event that the Trustee shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Holders, to pay to the Trustee any amount due to it for the
reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Trustee under Section 7.07 hereof. To the extent that the payment of any such compensation, expenses,
disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Trustee under Section 7.07 hereof out of the estate in any such proceeding, shall be denied for any reason, payment of the same shall be secured by
a Lien on, and shall be paid out of, any and all distributions, dividends, money, securities and other properties that the Holders may be entitled to receive in such proceeding whether in liquidation or under any plan of reorganization or
arrangement or otherwise. Nothing herein contained shall be deemed to authorize the Trustee to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Holder any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Notes
or the rights of any Holder, or to authorize the Trustee to vote in respect of the claim of any Holder in any such proceeding. 

115 

Section 6.11. Priorities. 

If the Trustee collects any money pursuant to this Article 6, it shall pay out the money in the following order: 

First: to the Trustee, its agents and attorneys for amounts due under Section 7.07 hereof, including payment of all compensation,
expenses and liabilities incurred, and all advances made, by the Trustee and the costs and expenses of collection; 

Second: to
Holders of Notes for amounts due and unpaid on the Notes for principal, premium, if any, and interest, if any, ratably, without preference or priority of any kind, according to the amounts due and payable on the Notes for principal, premium, if any,
and interest, if any, respectively; and 

Third: to the Company or to such party as a court of competent jurisdiction shall direct.

The Trustee, upon written notice to the Company, may fix a record date and payment date for any payment to Holders of Notes pursuant to
this Section 6.11. 

Section 6.12. Undertaking for Costs. 

In any suit for the enforcement of any right or remedy under this Indenture or in any suit against the Trustee for any action taken or omitted
by it as a Trustee, a court in its discretion may require the filing by any party litigant in the suit of an undertaking to pay the costs of the suit, and the court in its discretion may assess reasonable costs, including reasonable attorneys
fees and expenses, against any party litigant in the suit, having due regard to the merits and good faith of the claims or defenses made by the party litigant. This Section 6.12 does not apply to a suit by the Trustee, a suit by a Holder of a
Note pursuant to Section 6.07 hereof, or a suit by Holders of more than 10% in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes. 

ARTICLE 7 

TRUSTEE

Section 7.01. Duties of Trustee. 

(a) If an Event of Default has occurred and is Continuing, the Trustee will exercise such of the rights and powers vested in it by this
Indenture, and use the same degree of care and skill in its exercise, as a prudent person would exercise or use under the circumstances in the conduct of such persons own affairs. 

(b) Except during the continuance of an Event of Default: 

(1) the duties of the Trustee will be determined solely by the express provisions of this Indenture and the Trustee need
perform only those duties that are specifically set forth in this Indenture and no others, and no implied covenants or obligations shall be read into this Indenture against the Trustee; and 

116 

(2) in the absence of bad faith on its part, the Trustee may conclusively
rely, as to the truth of the statements and the correctness of the opinions expressed therein, upon certificates or opinions furnished to the Trustee and conforming to the requirements of this Indenture. However, the Trustee will examine the
certificates and opinions to determine whether or not they conform to the requirements of this Indenture (however the Trustee shall have no obligation to verify the mathematical calculations contained therein). 

(c) The Trustee may not be relieved from liabilities for its own negligent action, its own negligent failure to act, or its own willful
misconduct, except that: 

(1) this paragraph does not limit the effect of paragraph (b) of this Section 7.01;

(2) the Trustee will not be liable for any error of judgment made in good faith by a Responsible Officer, unless it is
proved that the Trustee was negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts; and 

(3) the Trustee will not be liable with
respect to any action it takes or omits to take in good faith in accordance with a direction received by it pursuant to Section 6.05 hereof. 

(d) Whether or not therein expressly so provided, every provision of this Indenture that in any way relates to the Trustee is subject to
paragraphs (a), (b), and (c) of this Section 7.01. 

(e) No provision of this Indenture will require the Trustee to expend or
risk its own funds or incur any liability. The Trustee will be under no obligation to exercise any of its rights or powers under this Indenture at the request or direction of any Holders, unless such Holder has offered to the Trustee reasonable
indemnity or security satisfactory to it against any loss, liability or expense. 

(f) The Trustee will not be liable for interest on any
money received by it except as the Trustee may agree in writing with the Company. Money held in trust by the Trustee need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required by law. The Trustee shall have no obligation to invest funds
received by it pursuant to this Indenture. 

Section 7.02. Rights of Trustee. 

(a) The Trustee may conclusively rely upon any document believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper
Person. The Trustee need not investigate any fact or matter stated in the document. 

(b) Before the Trustee acts or refrains from acting,
it may require an Officers Certificate or an Opinion of Counsel or both. The Trustee will not be liable for any action it takes or omits to take in good faith in reliance on such Officers Certificate or Opinion of Counsel. The Trustee
may consult with counsel and the written advice of such counsel or any Opinion of Counsel will be full and complete authorization and protection from liability in respect of any action taken, suffered or omitted by it hereunder in good faith and in
reliance thereon. 

117 

(c) The Trustee may act through its attorneys and agents and will not be responsible for the
misconduct or negligence of any agent appointed with due care. 

(d) The Trustee will not be liable for any action it takes or omits to
take in good faith that it believes to be authorized or within the rights or powers conferred upon it by this Indenture. 

(e) Unless
otherwise specifically provided in this Indenture, any demand, request, direction or notice from the Company will be sufficient if signed by an Officer of the Company. 

(f) The Trustee will be under no obligation to exercise any of the rights or powers vested in it by this Indenture at the request or direction
of any of the Holders unless such Holders have offered to the Trustee reasonable indemnity or security satisfactory to the Trustee against the losses, liabilities and expenses that might be incurred by it in compliance with such request or
direction. 

(g) The Trustee shall not be required to give any note, bond or surety in respect of the trusts and powers under this
Indenture. 

(h) The Trustee may request that the Company deliver an Officers Certificate setting forth the names of individuals and
/ or titles of officers authorized at such time to take specified actions pursuant to this Indenture, which Officers Certificate may be signed by any person authorized to sign an Officers Certificate, including any person specified as so
authorized in such certificate previously delivered and not superseded. 

(i) Except with respect to receipt of payments of principal and
interest on the Notes payable by the Company pursuant to Section 4.01 hereof and any Default or Event of Default information contained in the Officers Certificate delivered to it pursuant to Section 4.04 hereof, the Trustee shall
have no duty to monitor the Companys compliance with or the breach of any representation, warranty or covenant made in this Indenture. 

(j) Delivery of reports, information and documents to the Trustee described in Section 4.03 hereof is for informational purposes only and
the Trustees receipt of such shall not constitute constructive notice of any information contained therein or determinable from information contained therein, including the Companys or the Guarantors compliance with any of its
covenants hereunder (as to which the Trustee is entitled to rely conclusively on Officers Certificates). The Trustee is under no duty to examine such reports, information or documents to ensure compliance with the provision of this Indenture
or to ascertain the correctness or otherwise of the information or the statements contained therein. 

(k) In no event shall the Trustee be
responsible or liable for special, indirect, or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever (including, but not limited to, loss of profit) irrespective of whether the Trustee has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage and
regardless of the form of action. 

118 

(l) The Trustee shall not be deemed to have notice of any Default or Event of Default unless
a Responsible Officer of the Trustee has actual knowledge thereof or unless written notice of any event which is in fact such a Default is received by a Responsible Officer of the Trustee at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee, and such notice
references the Notes and this Indenture. 

(m) The rights, privileges, protections, immunities and benefits given to the Trustee,
including, without limitation, its right to be indemnified, are extended to, and shall be enforceable by, the Trustee in each of its capacities hereunder, and each agent, custodian and other Person employed to act hereunder. 

(n) Neither the Trustee nor the Registrar shall have any obligation or duty to monitor, determine or inquire as to compliance with any
restrictions on transfer imposed under this Indenture or the Private Placement Legend or under applicable law with respect to any transfer of any interest in any Note (including any transfers between or among Depositary participants, members or
beneficial owners in any Global Note) other than to require delivery of such certificates and other documentation or evidence as are expressly required by, and to do so if and when expressly required by, the terms of this Indenture, and to examine
the same to determine substantial compliance as to form with the express requirements hereof. 

Section 7.03. Individual Rights of
Trustee. 

The Trustee in its individual or any other capacity may become the owner or pledgee of Notes and may otherwise deal with the
Company or any Affiliate of the Company with the same rights it would have if it were not Trustee. However, in the event that the Trustee acquires any conflicting interest as defined in the TIA it must eliminate such conflict within 90 days, apply
to the SEC for permission to continue as Trustee (if this Indenture has been qualified under the TIA) or resign. Any Agent may do the same with like rights and duties. The Trustee is also subject to Sections 7.10 and 7.11 hereof. 

Section 7.04. Trustees Disclaimer. 

The Trustee will not be responsible for and makes no representation as to the validity or adequacy of this Indenture or the Notes, it shall
not be accountable for the Companys use of the proceeds from the Notes or any money paid to the Company or upon the Companys direction under any provision of this Indenture, it will not be responsible for the use or application of any
money received by any Paying Agent other than the Trustee, and it will not be responsible for any statement or recital herein or any statement in the Notes or any other document in connection with the sale of the Notes or pursuant to this Indenture
other than its certificate of authentication. 

Section 7.05. Notice of Defaults. 

If a Default or Event of Default occurs and is Continuing and if it is known to the Trustee, the Trustee will mail to Holders of Notes a
notice of the Default or Event of Default within 90 days after the Trustee obtains knowledge thereof. Except in the case of a Default or Event of Default in payment of principal of, premium on, if any, or interest, if any, on, any Note, the Trustee
may withhold the notice if and so long as a committee of its Responsible Officers in good faith determines that withholding the notice is in the interests of the Holders of the Notes. 

119 

Section 7.06. [Reserved]. 

Section 7.07. Compensation and Indemnity. 

(a) The Company will pay to the Trustee from time to time reasonable compensation for its acceptance of this Indenture and services hereunder
in accordance with a written schedule provided by the Trustee to the Company. The Trustees compensation will not be limited by any law on compensation of a trustee of an express trust. The Company will reimburse the Trustee promptly upon
request for all reasonable out-of pocket disbursements, advances and expenses incurred or made by it in addition to the compensation for its services except for any such disbursements, advance or expense as
shall have been caused by the Trustees negligence or willful misconduct. Such expenses will include the reasonable compensation, disbursements and expenses of the Trustees agents and counsel. 

(b) The Company and the Guarantors will indemnify on a joint and several basis the Trustee (including its officers, directors, employees and
agents) against any and all losses, liabilities, claims or expenses incurred by it arising out of or in connection with the acceptance or administration of its duties under this Indenture, including the reasonable costs and expenses of enforcing
this Indenture against the Company and the Guarantors (including this Section 7.07) and defending itself against any claim (whether asserted by the Company, the Guarantors, any Holder or any other Person) or liability in connection with the
exercise or performance of any of its powers or duties hereunder, except to the extent any such loss, liability or expense may be attributable to its negligence or willful misconduct. The Trustee will notify the Company promptly of any claim of
which a Responsible Officer has received written notice for which it may seek indemnity. Failure by the Trustee to so notify the Company will not relieve the Company or any of the Guarantors of their obligations hereunder. The Company or such
Guarantor will defend the claim and the Trustee will cooperate in the defense. The Trustee may have separate counsel and the Company will pay the reasonable fees and expenses of such counsel. Neither the Company nor any Guarantor need pay for any
settlement made without its consent, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld. 

(c) The obligations of the Company and the
Guarantors under this Section 7.07 will survive the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture and the resignation or removal of the Trustee. 

(d) To secure the Companys and the Guarantors payment obligations in this Section 7.07, the Trustee will have a Lien prior to
the Notes on all money or property held or collected by the Trustee, except that held in trust to pay principal of, premium on, if any, or interest, if any, on, particular Notes. Such Lien will survive the satisfaction and discharge of this
Indenture and the resignation or removal of the Trustee. 

(e) Without prejudice to any other rights available to the Trustee under
applicable law, when the Trustee incurs expenses or renders services after an Event of Default specified in clauses (6) and (7) of Section 6.01 hereof occurs, the expenses and the compensation for the services (including the fees and
expenses of its agents and counsel) are intended to constitute expenses of administration under any Bankruptcy Law. 

120 

Section 7.08. Replacement of Trustee. 

(a) A resignation or removal of the Trustee and appointment of a successor Trustee will become effective only upon the successor
Trustees acceptance of appointment as provided in this Section 7.08. 

(b) The Trustee may resign at any time and be discharged
from the trust hereby created by so notifying the Company. The Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes may remove the Trustee by so notifying the Trustee and the Company in writing. The Company may remove
the Trustee if: 

(1) the Trustee fails to comply with Section 7.10 hereof; 

(2) the Trustee is adjudged a bankrupt or an insolvent or an order for relief is entered with respect to the Trustee under any
Bankruptcy Law; 

(3) a custodian or public officer takes charge of the Trustee or its property; or 

(4) the Trustee becomes incapable of acting. 

(c) If the Trustee resigns or is removed or if a vacancy exists in the office of Trustee for any reason, the Company will promptly appoint a
successor Trustee. Within one year after the successor Trustee takes office, the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes may appoint a successor Trustee to replace the successor Trustee appointed by the
Company. 

(d) If a successor Trustee does not take office within 60 days after the retiring Trustee resigns or is removed, the retiring
Trustee, the Company, or the Holders of at least 10% in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Trustee. 

(e) If the Trustee, after written request by any Holder who has been a Holder for at least six months, fails to comply with Section 7.10
hereof, such Holder may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the removal of the Trustee and the appointment of a successor Trustee. 

(f) A successor Trustee will deliver a written acceptance of its appointment to the retiring Trustee and to the Company. Thereupon, the
resignation or removal of the retiring Trustee will become effective, and the successor Trustee will have all the rights, powers and duties of the Trustee under this Indenture. The successor Trustee will mail a notice of its succession to Holders.
The retiring Trustee will promptly transfer all property held by it as Trustee to the successor Trustee; provided all sums owing to the Trustee hereunder have been paid and subject to the Lien provided for in Section 7.07 hereof.
Notwithstanding replacement of the Trustee pursuant to this Section 7.08, the Companys and the Guarantors obligations under Section 7.07 hereof will continue for the benefit of the retiring Trustee. 

121 

Section 7.09. Successor Trustee by Merger, etc.

If the Trustee consolidates, merges or converts into, or transfers all or substantially all of its corporate trust business to, another
corporation, the successor corporation without any further act will be the successor Trustee. 

Section 7.10. Eligibility;
Disqualification. 

There will at all times be a Trustee hereunder that is a corporation or national banking association organized and
doing business under the laws of the United States of America or of any state thereof that is authorized under such laws to exercise corporate trustee power, that is subject to supervision or examination by federal or state authorities and that has
a combined capital and surplus of at least $100.0 million as set forth in its most recent published annual report of condition. 

ARTICLE 8 

LEGAL
DEFEASANCE AND COVENANT DEFEASANCE 

Section 8.01. Option to Effect Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance. 

The Company may at any time, at the option of the Companys Board of Directors evidenced by resolutions set forth in an Officers
Certificate, elect to have either Section 8.02 or 8.03 hereof applied to all outstanding Notes upon compliance with the conditions set forth below in this Article 8. 

Section 8.02. Legal Defeasance and Discharge. 

Upon the Companys exercise under Section 8.01 hereof of the option applicable to this Section 8.02, the Company and each of
the Guarantors will, subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 8.04 hereof, be deemed to have been discharged from their Obligations with respect to all outstanding Notes (including the Note Guarantees) on the date the
conditions set forth below are satisfied (hereinafter, Legal Defeasance). For this purpose, Legal Defeasance means that the Company and the Guarantors will be deemed to have paid and discharged the entire Indebtedness represented
by the outstanding Notes (including the Note Guarantees), which will thereafter be deemed to be outstanding only for the purposes of Section 8.05 hereof and the other Sections of this Indenture referred to in clauses
(1) and (2) below, and to have satisfied all their other Obligations under such Notes, the Note Guarantees and this Indenture (and the Trustee, on demand of and at the expense of the Company, shall execute proper instruments acknowledging the
same), except for the following provisions which will survive until otherwise terminated or discharged hereunder: 

(1) the
rights of Holders of outstanding Notes to receive payments in respect of the principal of, premium on, if any, and interest, if any, on, such Notes when such payments are due from the trust referred to in Section 8.04 hereof; 

(2) the Companys Obligations with respect to such Notes under Article 2 and Section 4.02 hereof; 

122 

(3) the rights, powers, trusts, duties and immunities of the Trustee
hereunder and the Companys and the Guarantors obligations in connection therewith (including, without limitation, those contained in Article 7 hereof); and 

(4) this Article 8. 

Subject to compliance with this Article 8, the Company may exercise its option under this Section 8.02 notwithstanding the prior exercise
of their option under Section 8.03 hereof. 

Section 8.03. Covenant Defeasance. 

Upon the Companys exercise under Section 8.01 hereof of the option applicable to this Section 8.03, the Company and each of
the Guarantors will, subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 8.04 hereof, be released from each of their obligations under the covenants contained in Sections 4.03, 4.07, 4.08, 4.09, 4.10, 4.11, 4.12, 4.14, 4.16,
4.17 hereof and clauses (3) and (4) of Section 5.01 hereof with respect to the outstanding Notes on and after the date the conditions set forth in Section 8.04 hereof are satisfied (hereinafter, Covenant
Defeasance), the Note Guarantees will be released pursuant to Section 10.05 hereof and the Notes and Note Guarantees will thereafter be deemed not outstanding for the purposes of any direction, waiver, consent or
declaration or act of Holders (and the consequences of any thereof) in connection with such covenants, but will continue to be deemed outstanding for all other purposes hereunder (it being understood that such Notes and Note Guarantees
will not be deemed outstanding for accounting purposes). For this purpose, Covenant Defeasance means that, with respect to the outstanding Notes and Note Guarantees, the Company and the Guarantors may omit to comply with and will have no liability
in respect of any term, condition or limitation set forth in any such covenant, whether directly or indirectly, by reason of any reference elsewhere herein to any such covenant or by reason of any reference in any such covenant to any other
provision herein or in any other document and such omission to comply will not constitute a Default or an Event of Default under Section 6.01 hereof, but, except as specified above, the remainder of this Indenture and such Notes and Note
Guarantees will be unaffected thereby. In addition, upon the Companys exercise under Section 8.01 hereof of the option applicable to this Section 8.03, subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 8.04
hereof, Sections 6.01(3) (to the extent relating to the covenants that are subject to Covenant Defeasance), (4), (5) and (8) hereof will not constitute Events of Default. 

Section 8.04. Conditions to Legal or Covenant Defeasance. 

In order to exercise either Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance under either Section 8.02 or 8.03 hereof: 

(1) the Company must irrevocably deposit with the Trustee, in trust, for the benefit of the Holders, (x) cash in U.S.
dollars in an amount, (y) non-callable Government Securities, the scheduled payments of principal of and interest thereon will be in an amount, or (z) a combination thereof in amounts, as will be
sufficient, to pay the principal of, premium on, if any, and interest, if any, on, the outstanding Notes on the stated dates for payment of principal thereof and interest thereon or on the applicable redemption date, as the case may be, and the
Company must specify whether the Notes 

123 

are being defeased to such stated date for payment or to a particular redemption date, provided, that upon any redemption that requires the payment of the Applicable Premium, the amount
deposited shall be sufficient for purposes of this Indenture to the extent that an amount is deposited with the trustee equal to the Applicable Premium calculated as of the date of the notice of redemption, with any deficit as of the date of
redemption (any such amount, the Applicable Premium Deficit) only required to be deposited with the Trustee on or prior to the date of redemption. Any Applicable Premium Deficit shall be set forth in an Officers Certificate
delivered to the Trustee substantially concurrently with the deposit of such Applicable Premium Deficit that confirms that such Applicable Premium Deficit shall be applied toward such redemption; 

(2) in the case of an election under Section 8.02 hereof, the Company must deliver to the Trustee, subject to customary
assumptions and exclusions, an Opinion of Counsel reasonably acceptable to the Trustee confirming that: 

(A) the Company
has received from, or there has been published by, the Internal Revenue Service a ruling; or 

(B) since the Issue Date,
there has been a change in the applicable U.S. federal income tax law, 

in either case to the effect that, and based thereon such Opinion
of Counsel will confirm that, the beneficial owners of the outstanding Notes will not recognize income, gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a result of such Legal Defeasance and will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the same
amounts, in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if such Legal Defeasance had not occurred; 

(3) in the case of an election under Section 8.03 hereof, the Company must deliver to the Trustee, subject to customary
assumptions and exclusions, an Opinion of Counsel reasonably acceptable to the Trustee confirming that the beneficial owners of the outstanding Notes will not recognize income, gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a result of such
Covenant Defeasance and will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the same amounts, in the same manner and at the same time as would have been the case if such Covenant Defeasance had not occurred; 

(4) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is Continuing on the date of such deposit (other than a Default or Event of
Default resulting from the borrowing of funds to be applied to such deposit (and any similar concurrent deposit relating to other Indebtedness), and the granting of Liens to secure such borrowings); 

(5) such Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance will not result in a breach or violation of, or constitute a default under,
any material agreement or instrument (other than this Indenture and the agreements governing any other Indebtedness being defeased, discharged or replaced) to which the Company or any of the Guarantors is a party or by which the Company or any of
the Guarantors is bound; 

124 

(6) the Company must deliver to the Trustee an Officers Certificate
stating that the deposit was not made by the Company with the intent of preferring the Holders of Notes over the other creditors of the Company with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any creditors of the Company or others;
and 

(7) the Company must deliver to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel (which opinion of
counsel may be subject to customary assumptions and exclusions), each stating that all conditions precedent relating to the Legal Defeasance or the Covenant Defeasance have been complied with. 

Section 8.05. Deposited Money and Government Securities to be Held in Trust; Other Miscellaneous Provisions. 

Subject to Section 8.06 hereof, all money and non-callable Government Securities (including the
proceeds thereof) deposited with the Trustee pursuant to Section 8.04 hereof in respect of the outstanding Notes will be held in trust and applied by the Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of such Notes and this Indenture, to the
payment, either directly or through any Paying Agent (including the Company acting as Paying Agent) as the Trustee may determine, to the Holders of such Notes of all sums due and to become due thereon in respect of principal, premium, if any, and
interest, if any, but such money need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required by law. 

The Company will pay and
indemnify the Trustee against any tax, fee or other charge imposed on or assessed against the cash or non-callable Government Securities deposited pursuant to Section 8.04 hereof or the principal and
interest received in respect thereof other than any such tax, fee or other charge which by law is for the account of the Holders of the outstanding Notes. 

Notwithstanding anything in this Article 8 to the contrary, the Trustee will deliver or pay to the Company from time to time upon the request
of the Company any money or non-callable Government Securities held by it as provided in Section 8.04 hereof which, in the opinion of a nationally recognized firm of independent public accountants
expressed in a written certification thereof delivered to the Trustee (which may be the opinion delivered under Section 8.04(1) hereof), are in excess of the amount thereof that would then be required to be deposited to effect an equivalent
Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance. 

Section 8.06. Repayment to the Company. 

Any money deposited with the Trustee or any Paying Agent, or then held by the Company, in trust for the payment of the principal of, premium
on, if any, or interest, if any, on, any Note and remaining unclaimed for two years after such principal, premium, if any, or interest, if any, has become due and payable shall be paid to the Company on its request or (if then held by the Company)
will be discharged from such trust; and the Holder of such Note will thereafter be permitted to look only to the Company for payment thereof, and all liability of the Trustee or such Paying Agent with respect to such trust money, and all liability
of the Company as trustee thereof, will thereupon cease; provided, however, that the Trustee or such Paying Agent, before being required to make any such repayment, may at the expense of the Company cause to be published once, in The
New York Times and The Wall Street Journal (national edition), notice that such money remains unclaimed and that, after a date specified therein, which will not be less than 30 days from the date of such notification or publication, any unclaimed
balance of such money then remaining will be repaid to the Company. 

125 

Section 8.07. Reinstatement. 

If the Trustee or Paying Agent is unable to apply any U.S. dollars or non-callable Government
Securities in accordance with Section 8.02 or 8.03 hereof, as the case may be, by reason of any order or judgment of any court or governmental authority enjoining, restraining or otherwise prohibiting such application, then the Companys
and the Guarantors obligations under this Indenture and the Notes and the Note Guarantees will be revived and reinstated as though no deposit had occurred pursuant to Section 8.02 or 8.03 hereof until such time as the Trustee or Paying
Agent is permitted to apply all such money in accordance with Section 8.02 or 8.03 hereof, as the case may be; provided, however, that, if the Company makes any payment of principal of, premium on, if any, or interest, if any, on,
any Note following the reinstatement of its obligations, the Company will be subrogated to the rights of the Holders of such Notes to receive such payment from the money held by the Trustee or Paying Agent. 

ARTICLE 9 

AMENDMENT,
SUPPLEMENT AND WAIVER 

Section 9.01. Without Consent of Holders of Notes. 

Notwithstanding Section 9.02 hereof, without the consent of any Holder of Notes, the Company and the Trustee may amend or supplement this
Indenture, the Notes or the Note Guarantees: 

(1) to cure any ambiguity, omission, mistake, defect, error or inconsistency;

(2) to provide for uncertificated Notes in addition to or in place of certificated Notes or to alter the provisions of
this Indenture relating to the form of the Notes (including related definitions); 

(3) to provide for the assumption of the
Companys or any Guarantors Obligations to the Holders of the Notes and Note Guarantees by a successor to the Company of such Guarantor pursuant to Article 5 or Article 10 hereof; 

(4) to make any change that would provide any additional rights or benefits to the Holders of the Notes or that does not
adversely affect the legal rights hereunder of any Holder in any material respects; 

(5) at the Companys election, to
comply with any requirement of the SEC in order to effect or maintain the qualification of this Indenture under the TIA; 

(6) to conform the text of this Indenture, the Notes or the Note Guarantees to any provision of the Description of the
Notes section of the Offering Memorandum or to reduce the minimum denomination of the Notes; 

126 

(7) to allow any Restricted Subsidiary to execute a supplemental indenture
and/or a Note Guarantee with respect to the Notes in accordance with the terms of this Indenture, to add Note Guarantees, to add security to or for the benefit of the Notes or Guarantees, or to confirm and evidence the release, termination,
discharge or retaking of any Note Guarantee or Lien with respect to or securing the Notes when such release, termination, discharge or retaking is provided for under this Indenture; 

(8) to evidence and provide for the acceptance and appointment under this Indenture of a successor trustee or a successor
paying agent pursuant to the requirements therefor; 

(9) to make such provisions as necessary for the issuance of
Additional Notes; 

(10) to make any amendment to the provisions of this Indenture relating to the transfer and legending of
Notes as permitted by this Indenture, including to facilitate the issuance and administration of Notes; provided, however, that such amendment does not materially and adversely affect the rights of Holders to transfer the Notes; 

(11) to comply with the rules and procedures of any applicable securities depositary; and 

(12) to make any amendment to the provisions of this Indenture, the Guarantees and/or the Notes to eliminate the effect of any
Accounting Change or in the application thereof as described in the last paragraph of the definition of GAAP. 

The consent of
the Holders is not necessary under this Indenture to approve the particular form of any proposed amendment. It is sufficient if such consent approves the substance of the proposed amendment. A consent to any amendment or waiver under this Indenture
by any Holder of Notes given in connection with a tender of such Holders Notes will not be rendered invalid by such tender. 

Upon
the request of the Company, and upon receipt by the Trustee of the documents described in Section 7.02, 9.06, 12.04 and 12.05 hereof, the Trustee will join with the Company and any Guarantor in the execution of any amended or supplemental
indenture authorized or permitted by the terms of this Indenture and to make any further appropriate agreements and stipulations that may be therein contained, but the Trustee will not be obligated to enter into such amended or supplemental
indenture that affects its own rights, duties or immunities under this Indenture or otherwise. 

Section 9.02. With Consent of
Holders of Notes. 

Except as provided below in this Section 9.02, the Company and the Trustee may amend or supplement this
Indenture, the Notes and the Note Guarantees with the consent of the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes (including, without limitation, Additional Notes, if any) voting as a single class
(including, without limitation, consents obtained in connection with a tender offer or exchange offer for, or purchase of, the Notes), and, subject to Sections 6.04 and 6.07 hereof, any existing Default or Event of Default (other than a Default
or Event of Default in the payment of the principal of, premium on, 

127 

if any, or interest, if any, on, the Notes, except a payment default resulting from an acceleration that has been rescinded) or compliance with any provision of this Indenture or the Notes or the
Note Guarantees may be waived with the consent of the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes (including, without limitation, Additional Notes, if any) voting as a single class (including, without
limitation, consents obtained in connection with a purchase of, or tender offer or exchange offer for, the Notes). Sections 2.08 and 2.09 hereof shall determine which Notes are considered to be outstanding for purposes of this
Section 9.02. 

Upon the request of the Company, and upon the filing with the Trustee of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the
Trustee of the consent of the Holders of Notes as aforesaid, and upon receipt by the Trustee of the documents described in Section 7.02, 9.06, 12.04 and 12.05 hereof, the Trustee will join with the Company in the execution of such amended or
supplemental indenture unless such amended or supplemental indenture directly affects the Trustees own rights, duties or immunities under this Indenture or otherwise, in which case the Trustee may in its discretion, but will not be obligated
to, enter into such amended or supplemental Indenture. 

It is not necessary for the consent of the Holders of Notes under this
Section 9.02 to approve the particular form of any proposed amendment, supplement or waiver, but it is sufficient if such consent approves the substance thereof. 

After an amendment, supplement or waiver under this Section 9.02 becomes effective, the Company will mail to the Holders of Notes
affected thereby a notice briefly describing the amendment, supplement or waiver. Any failure of the Company to mail such notice, or any defect therein, will not, however, in any way impair or affect the validity of any such amended or supplemental
indenture or waiver. Subject to Sections 6.04 and 6.07 hereof, the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding voting as a single class may waive compliance in a particular instance by the Company or
Guarantors with any provision of this Indenture, the Notes or the Note Guarantees. However, without the consent of each Holder affected, an amendment, supplement or waiver under this Section 9.02 may not (with respect to any Notes held by a non-consenting Holder): 

(1) reduce the principal amount of Notes whose Holders must
consent to an amendment, supplement or waiver; 

(2) reduce the principal of or change the fixed maturity of any Note or
alter or waive any of the provisions relating to the dates on which the Notes may be redeemed or the redemption price thereof with respect to the redemption of the Notes; 

(3) reduce the rate of or change the time for payment of interest, including default interest, on any Note; 

(4) waive a Default or Event of Default in the payment of principal of, premium on, if any, or interest, if any, on, the Notes
(except a rescission of acceleration of the Notes by the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes and a waiver of the payment default that resulted from such acceleration); 

128 

(5) make any Note payable in money other than that stated in the Notes; 

(6) make any change in the provisions of this Indenture relating to waivers of past Defaults or impair the right of any Holder
to institute suit for the enforcement of any payment of principal of and interest on such Holders Notes on or after the due dates therefor; 

(7) modify the obligation of the Company to repurchase Notes pursuant to Section 3.09, 4.10 or 4.14 hereof, after the date
of an event giving rise to such repurchase obligation; 

(8) release any Guarantor from any of its obligations under its
Note Guarantee or this Indenture, except in accordance with the terms of this Indenture; 

(9) make any change in the
preceding amendment and waiver provisions; or 

(10) make any change to or modify, the ranking of the Notes in respect of
right of payment that would adversely affect the Holders of the Notes. 

Section 9.03. [Reserved]. 

Section 9.04. Revocation and Effect of Consents. 

Until an amendment, supplement or waiver becomes effective, a consent to it by a Holder of a Note is a Continuing consent by the Holder of a
Note and every subsequent Holder of a Note or portion of a Note that evidences the same debt as the consenting Holders Note, even if notation of the consent is not made on any Note. However, any such Holder of a Note or subsequent Holder of a
Note may revoke the consent as to its Note if a Responsible Officer of the Trustee receives written notice of revocation before the date on which the Trustee receives an Officers Certificate certifying that the Holders of the requisite
principal amount of Notes have consented (and not theretofore revoked such consent) to the amendment, supplement or waiver. An amendment, supplement or waiver becomes effective in accordance with its terms and thereafter binds every Holder. 

Section 9.05. Notation on or Exchange of Notes. 

The Trustee may place an appropriate notation about an amendment, supplement or waiver on any Note thereafter authenticated. The Company in
exchange for all Notes may issue and the Trustee shall, upon receipt of an Authentication Order, authenticate new Notes that reflect the amendment, supplement or waiver. 

Failure to make the appropriate notation or issue a new Note will not affect the validity and effect of such amendment, supplement or waiver.

129 

Section 9.06. Trustee to Sign Amendments, etc.

The Trustee will sign any amended or supplemental indenture authorized pursuant to this Article 9 if the amendment or supplement does not
adversely affect the rights, duties, liabilities or immunities of the Trustee. The Company may not sign an amended or supplemental indenture until the Board of Directors of the Company approves it. In executing any amended or supplemental indenture,
the Trustee will be entitled to receive and (subject to Section 7.01 hereof) will be fully protected in relying upon, in addition to the documents required by Section 12.04 hereof, an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel
stating that the execution of such amended or supplemental indenture is authorized or permitted by this Indenture. 

ARTICLE 10 

NOTE GUARANTEES 

Section 10.01. Guarantee. 

(a) Subject to this Article 10, each of the Guarantors hereby, jointly and severally, unconditionally guarantees to each Holder of a Note
authenticated and delivered by the Trustee and to the Trustee and its successors and assigns, irrespective of the validity and enforceability of this Indenture, the Notes or the obligations of the Company hereunder or thereunder, that: 

(1) the principal of, premium on, if any, and interest, if any, on, the Notes will be promptly paid in full when due, whether
at maturity, by acceleration, redemption or otherwise, and interest on the overdue principal of, premium on, if any, and interest, if any, on, the Notes, if lawful, and all other obligations of the Company to the Holders or the Trustee hereunder or
thereunder will be promptly paid in full or performed, all in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof; and 

(2) in
case of any extension of time of payment or renewal of any Notes or any of such other obligations, that same will be promptly paid in full when due or performed in accordance with the terms of the extension or renewal, whether at Stated Maturity, by
acceleration or otherwise. 

Failing payment when due of any amount so guaranteed or any performance so guaranteed for whatever reason, the
Guarantors will be jointly and severally obligated to pay the same immediately. Each Guarantor agrees that this is a guarantee of payment and not a guarantee of collection. 

(b) The Guarantors hereby agree (to the fullest extent permitted by law) that their obligations hereunder are unconditional, irrespective of
the validity, regularity or enforceability of the Notes or this Indenture, the absence of any action to enforce the same, any waiver or consent by any Holder of the Notes with respect to any provisions hereof or thereof, the recovery of any judgment
against the Company, any action to enforce the same or any other circumstance which might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge or defense of a Guarantor. Each Guarantor hereby waives (to the fullest extent permitted by law) diligence,
presentment, demand of payment, filing of claims with a court in the event of insolvency or bankruptcy of the Company, any right to require a proceeding first against the Company, protest, notice and all demands whatsoever and covenants that this
Note Guarantee will not be discharged except by complete performance of the Obligations contained in the Notes and this Indenture. 

130 

(c) If any Holder or the Trustee is required by any court or otherwise to return to the
Company, the Guarantors or any custodian, trustee, liquidator or other similar official acting in relation to either the Company or the Guarantors, any amount paid by either to the Trustee or such Holder, this Note Guarantee, to the extent
theretofore discharged, will be reinstated in full force and effect. 

(d) Each Guarantor agrees that it will not be entitled to any right
of subrogation in relation to the Holders in respect of any obligations guaranteed hereby until payment in full of all obligations guaranteed hereby. Each Guarantor further agrees that, as between the Guarantors, on the one hand, and the Holders and
the Trustee, on the other hand, (1) the maturity of the obligations guaranteed hereby may be accelerated as provided in Article 6 hereof for the purposes of this Note Guarantee, notwithstanding any stay, injunction or other prohibition
preventing such acceleration in respect of the obligations guaranteed hereby, and (2) in the event of any declaration of acceleration of such obligations as provided in Article 6 hereof, such obligations (whether or not due and payable) will
forthwith become due and payable by the Guarantors for the purpose of this Note Guarantee. The Guarantors will have the right to seek contribution from any non-paying Guarantor so long as the exercise of such
right does not impair the rights of the Holders under the Note Guarantee. 

Section 10.02. Limitation on Guarantor Liability.

Each Guarantor, and by its acceptance of Notes, each Holder, hereby confirms that it is the intention of all such parties that the Note
Guarantee of such Guarantor not constitute a fraudulent conveyance, fraudulent transfer or unjust preference, for purposes of Bankruptcy Law, the Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act, the Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act or any comparable provision of
foreign or state law or provincial law to comply with corporate benefit, financial assistance and other laws to the extent applicable to any Note Guarantee. To effectuate the foregoing intention, the Trustee, the Holders and the Guarantors hereby
irrevocably agree that the obligations of such Guarantor will be limited to the maximum amount that will, after giving effect to such maximum amount and all other contingent and fixed liabilities of such Guarantor that are relevant under such laws,
and after giving effect to any collections from, rights to receive contribution from or payments made by or on behalf of any other Guarantor in respect of the obligations of such other Guarantor under this Article 10, result in the obligations of
such Guarantor under its Note Guarantee not constituting a fraudulent conveyance, fraudulent transfer or unjust preference, for purposes of Bankruptcy Law, the Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act, the Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act or any comparable
provision of foreign or state law or provincial law to comply with corporate benefit, financial assistance and other laws. 

Section 10.03. Execution and Delivery of Note Guarantee. 

To evidence its Note Guarantee set forth in Section 10.01 hereof, each Guarantor hereby agrees that this Indenture (or a supplemental
indenture pursuant to Section 4.16 hereof) shall be executed on behalf of such Guarantor by one of its Officers. 

131 

Each Guarantor hereby agrees that its Note Guarantee set forth in Section 10.01 hereof
will remain in full force and effect notwithstanding any failure to endorse on each Note a notation of such Note Guarantee. 

If an Officer
whose signature is on this Indenture (or a supplemental indenture pursuant to Section 4.16 hereof) no longer holds that office at the time the Trustee authenticates a Note, the Note Guarantee in respect of such Note will be valid nevertheless.

The delivery of any Note by the Trustee, after the authentication thereof hereunder, will constitute due delivery of the Note Guarantee
set forth in this Indenture on behalf of the Guarantors. 

In the event that the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries creates or
acquires any Domestic Subsidiary after the Issue Date, if required by Section 4.16 hereof, the Company will cause such Domestic Subsidiary to comply with the provisions of Section 4.16 hereof and this Article 10. 

Neither the Company nor any Guarantor shall be required to make a notation on the Notes to reflect a Note Guarantee issued after the date such
Notes are executed and authenticated or any release, termination or discharge thereof. 

Section 10.04. Guarantors May Consolidate,
etc., on Certain Terms. 

Except as otherwise provided below and in Section 10.05 hereof, no Guarantor may sell or otherwise
dispose of all or substantially all of its assets to, or consolidate with or merge with or into (whether or not such Guarantor is the surviving Person) another Person, other than the Company or another Guarantor, unless: 

(1) (a) immediately after giving effect to such transaction, no Event of Default exists; and (b) subject to
Section 10.05 hereof, the Person acquiring the assets in any such sale or disposition or the Person formed by or surviving any such consolidation or merger unconditionally assumes all the obligations of that Guarantor under its Note Guarantee
and this Indenture, on the terms set forth therein or herein, pursuant to a supplemental indenture; or 

(2) the transaction
constitutes a sale or disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Guarantor (in each case other than to the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary) otherwise permitted by this Indenture. 

In case of any such consolidation, merger, sale or conveyance and upon the assumption by the successor Person, by supplemental indenture
substantially in the form of Exhibit E hereto, executed and delivered to the Trustee, of the Note Guarantee endorsed upon the Notes and the due and punctual performance of all of the covenants and conditions of this Indenture to be performed by
the Guarantor, such successor Person will succeed to and be substituted for the Guarantor with the same effect as if it had been named herein as a Guarantor. Such successor Person thereupon may cause to be signed any or all of the Note Guarantees to
be endorsed upon all of the Notes issuable hereunder which theretofore shall not have been signed by the Company and delivered to the Trustee. All the Note Guarantees so issued will in all respects have the same legal rank and benefit under this
Indenture as the Note Guarantees theretofore and thereafter issued in accordance with the terms of this Indenture as though all of such Note Guarantees had been issued at the date of the execution hereof. 

132 

Except as set forth in Articles 4 and 5 hereof, and notwithstanding clauses 2(a) and
(b) above, nothing contained in this Indenture or in any of the Notes will prevent any consolidation or merger of a Guarantor with or into the Company or another Guarantor, or will prevent any sale or conveyance of the property of a Guarantor
as an entirety or substantially as an entirety to the Company or another Guarantor. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Guarantor may
transfer real property that is the subject of a HUD Financing to a HUD Financing Subsidiary in connection with a HUD Financing permitted to be incurred pursuant to Section 4.09 hereof. 

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 10.04, any Guarantor may (a) consolidate or otherwise combine with, merge into
or transfer all or part of its properties and assets to another Guarantor or the Company, (b) consolidate or otherwise combine with or merge into an Affiliate (that becomes a Guarantor) incorporated or organized for the purpose of changing the
legal domicile of the Guarantor, reincorporating the Guarantor in another jurisdiction, or changing the legal form of the Guarantor, (c) convert into a corporation, partnership, limited partnership, limited liability company or trust organized
or existing under the laws of the jurisdiction of organization of such Guarantor and (d) liquidate or dissolve or change its legal form if the Company determines in good faith that such action is in the best interests of the Company.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article 10, the Company may contribute Capital Stock of any or all of its Subsidiaries to any Guarantor. 

Any reference in this Indenture to a merger, consolidation, sale, disposition or transfer, or similar term, shall be deemed to apply to a
division of or by a limited liability company, limited partnership or trust, or an allocation of assets to a series of a limited liability company, limited partnership or trust (or the unwinding of such a division or allocation), as if it were a
merger, consolidation, sale, disposition or transfer, or similar term, as applicable, to, of or with a separate Person. Any division of a limited liability company, limited partnership or trust shall constitute a separate Person hereunder (and each
division of any limited liability company, limited partnership or trust that is a Subsidiary, Restricted Subsidiary, Unrestricted Subsidiary, joint venture or any other like term shall also constitute such a Person or entity). 

Section 10.05. Releases. 

The Note Guarantee of a Guarantor will be automatically and unconditionally released and discharged and such Guarantor will be relieved of any
Obligations under its Note Guarantee: 

(a) in connection with any sale, exchange, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially
all of the assets of that Guarantor, by way of merger, consolidation or otherwise, to a Person that is not (either before or after giving effect to such transaction) the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Company, and as otherwise permitted
by this Indenture; 

133 

(b) in connection with any sale exchange, transfer or other disposition of Capital Stock of
that Guarantor, by way of merger, consolidation, dividend distribution or otherwise to a Person that is not (either before or after giving effect to such transaction) the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Company, if the sale or other
disposition is otherwise permitted by this Indenture and the Guarantor ceases to be a Restricted Subsidiary of the Company as a result of the sale or other disposition; 

(c) if the Company designates any Restricted Subsidiary that is a Guarantor to be an Unrestricted Subsidiary in accordance with the terms of
this Indenture or an event occurs as a result of which the Guarantor is no longer a Restricted Subsidiary; upon the release or discharge of the Guarantee of such Guarantor from all of its Guarantees of payment (i) by the Company of any
Indebtedness of the Company under the Credit Agreement or (ii) in the case of a Note Guarantee made by a Guarantor as a result of its guarantee of other Indebtedness of the Company or a Guarantor pursuant to Section 4.16 hereof by the
Company or the applicable Guarantor of the relevant Indebtedness, except a discharge or release of the Guarantee by or as a result of payment under such Guarantee (it being understood that a release subject to a contingent reinstatement is still
considered a release); 

(d) upon Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance in accordance with Article 8 hereof or satisfaction and discharge
of this Indenture in accordance with Article 11 hereof; 

(e) upon the merger or consolidation of any Guarantor with and into the Company
or another Guarantor or upon the liquidation of such Guarantor, in each case, in compliance with the applicable provisions of this Indenture; 

(f) upon the achievement of Investment Grade Status by the notes; provided that such Note Guarantee shall be reinstated upon the
Reversion Date; and 

(g) as described under Article 9 hereof. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the consent nor the acknowledgement of the Trustee shall be necessary to effect any such release. None
of the Trustee, the Company or any Guarantor will be required to make a notation on the Notes or the Note Guarantees to reflect any such release, termination or discharge. Upon request of the Company and delivery by the Company to the Trustee of an
Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel to the effect that one of the foregoing requirements has been satisfied and the conditions to the release of a Guarantor under this Section 10.05 has been met, the Trustee will execute any
documents reasonably required in order to evidence the release of a Guarantor from its obligations under its Note Guarantee. In connection with any release under clauses (a) and (b) above, the Net Proceeds of such sale or other disposition
shall be applied, if required, in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Indenture. 

Any Guarantor not released from its
obligations under its Note Guarantee as provided in this Section 10.05 will remain liable for the full amount of principal of, premium on, if any, and interest, if any, on, the Notes and for the other obligations of any Guarantor under this
Indenture as provided in this Article 10. 

134 

ARTICLE 11 

SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE 

Section 11.01. Satisfaction and Discharge. 

This Indenture will be discharged and will cease to be of further effect as to all Notes issued hereunder (except as to rights of registration
of transfer or exchange of Notes), when: 

(1) either: 

(A) all Notes that have been authenticated, except lost, stolen or destroyed Notes that have been replaced or paid and Notes
for whose payment money has been deposited in trust and thereafter repaid to the Company or discharged from such trust, have been cancelled or delivered to the Trustee for cancellation; or 

(B) all such Notes have become due and payable at final maturity or by reason of the delivery of a notice of redemption or will
become due and payable within one year or will be redeemed within one year under arrangements satisfactory to the Trustee for the giving of a notice of redemption in the name and at the expense of the Company and the Company or any Guarantor has
irrevocably deposited or caused to be deposited with the Trustee in trust solely for the benefit of the Holders, cash in U.S. dollars in an amount, non-callable Government Securities, the scheduled payments of
principal of and interest thereon will be in an amount, or a combination thereof in amounts, as will be sufficient, in case Government Securities have been deposited, without consideration of any reinvestment of interest, to pay and discharge the
entire Indebtedness on such Notes for principal of, premium on, if any, and interest, if any, on, the Notes to the date of maturity or redemption; provided that upon any redemption that requires the payment of the Applicable Premium, the
amount deposited shall be sufficient for purposes of this Indenture to the extent that an amount is deposited with the Trustee equal to the Applicable Premium calculated as of the date of the notice of redemption, as calculated by the Company or on
behalf of the Company by such Person as the Company shall designate, with any Applicable Premium Deficit only required to be deposited with the Trustee on or prior to the date of redemption, and any Applicable Premium Deficit shall be set forth in
an Officers Certificate delivered to the Trustee simultaneously with the deposit of such Applicable Premium Deficit that confirms that such Applicable Premium Deficit shall be applied toward such redemption; 

(2) the Company or any Guarantor has paid or caused to be paid all sums payable by it under this Indenture; and 

(3) the Company has delivered irrevocable instructions to the Trustee under this Indenture to apply the deposited money toward
the payment of the Notes at maturity or on the redemption date, as the case may be. 

135 

In addition, the Company must deliver an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of
Counsel to the Trustee stating that all conditions precedent to satisfaction and discharge have been satisfied provided that any such counsel may rely on any Officers Certificate as to matters of fact (including as to compliance with
clauses (1), (2) and (3)). 

Notwithstanding the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture, if money has been deposited with the Trustee
pursuant to subclause (B) of clause (1) of this Section 11.01, the provisions of Sections 11.02 and 8.06 hereof will survive. In addition, nothing in this Section 11.01 will be deemed to discharge those provisions of
Section 7.07 hereof, that, by their terms, survive the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture. 

Upon satisfaction of the
conditions set forth herein and upon written request of the Company, the Trustee shall acknowledge in writing the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture. 

Section 11.02. Application of Trust Money. 

Subject to the provisions of Section 8.06 hereof, all money and non-callable Government
Securities (including the proceeds thereof) deposited with the Trustee pursuant to Section 11.01 hereof shall be held in trust and applied by it, in accordance with the provisions of the Notes and this Indenture, to the payment, either directly
or through any Paying Agent (including the Company acting as its own Paying Agent) as the Trustee may determine, to the Persons entitled thereto, of the principal, premium, if any, and interest, if any, for whose payment such money has been
deposited with the Trustee; but such money need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required by law. 

If the Trustee
or Paying Agent is unable to apply any money or Government Securities in accordance with Section 11.01 hereof by reason of any legal proceeding or by reason of any order or judgment of any court or governmental authority enjoining, restraining
or otherwise prohibiting such application, the Companys and any Guarantors obligations under this Indenture and the Notes shall be revived and reinstated as though no deposit had occurred pursuant to Section 11.01 hereof;
provided that if the Company has made any payment of principal of, premium on, if any, or interest, if any, on, any Notes because of the reinstatement of its Obligations, the Company shall be subrogated to the rights of the Holders of such
Notes to receive such payment from the money or Government Securities held by the Trustee or Paying Agent. 

The Company will pay and
indemnify the Trustee against any tax, fee or other charge imposed on or assessed against the cash or non-callable Government Securities deposited pursuant to Section 11.01 hereof or the principal and
interest received in respect thereof other than any such tax, fee or other charge which by law is for the account of the Holders of the outstanding Notes. 

Notwithstanding anything in this Article 11 to the contrary, the Trustee will deliver or pay to the Company from time to time upon the request
of the Company any money or non-callable Government Securities held by it as provided in Section 11.01 hereof which, in the opinion of a nationally recognized firm of independent public accountants
expressed in a written certification thereof delivered to the Trustee, are in excess of the amount thereof that would then be required to be deposited to effect a discharge in accordance with this Article 11. 

136 

ARTICLE 12 

MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 12.01. [Reserved]. 

Section 12.02. Notices. 

Any notice or communication by the Company, any Guarantor or the Trustee to the others or to them by the Holders is duly given if in writing
and delivered in Person or by first class mail (registered or certified, return receipt requested), facsimile transmission or overnight air courier guaranteeing next day delivery, to the others address: 

If to the Company and/or any Guarantor: 

Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. 

6100 Tower Circle, Suite 1000 

Franklin, Tennessee 37067 Attention: Brian Farley 

Telephone: (615) 861-6000

With a copy to: 

Hogan Lovells US
LLP 

390 Madison Avenue 

New
York, NY 10017 

Attention: Richard Aftanas 

Telephone: (212) 918-3267

If to the Trustee: 

U.S. Bank
Trust Company, National Association 

Global Corporate Trust Services 

333 Commerce Street, Suite 900 

Nashville, Tennessee 37201 

Facsimile No.: (615) 251-0737

Attention: Wally Jones, CTMC 

The Company, any Guarantor or the Trustee, by notice to the others, may designate additional or different addresses for subsequent notices or
communications. 

All notices and communications (other than those sent to Holders) will be deemed to have been duly given: at the time
delivered by hand, if personally delivered; five Business Days after being deposited in the mail, postage prepaid, if mailed; when receipt acknowledged, if transmitted by facsimile or e-mail; and the next
Business Day after timely delivery to the courier, if sent by overnight air courier guaranteeing next day delivery. 

137 

Any notice or communication to a Holder will be mailed by first class mail, certified or
registered, return receipt requested, or by overnight air courier guaranteeing next day delivery to its address shown on the register kept by the Registrar. Failure to mail a notice or communication to a Holder or any defect in it will not affect
its sufficiency with respect to other Holders. 

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Indenture or any Note, where this Indenture or
any Note provides for notice of any event (including any notice of redemption or repurchase) to a Holder of a Global Note (whether by mail or otherwise), such notice shall be sufficiently given if given to DTC (or its designee) pursuant to the
standing instructions from DTC or its designee, including by electronic mail in accordance with accepted practices at DTC. 

If a notice or
communication is mailed in the manner provided above within the time prescribed, it is duly given, whether or not the addressee receives it. 

If the Company mails a notice or communication to Holders, it will mail a copy to the Trustee and each Agent at the same time. 

Section 12.03. [Reserved]. 

Section 12.04. Certificate and Opinion as to Conditions Precedent. 

Upon any request or application by the Company or a Guarantor to the Trustee to take any action under this Indenture, the Company or such
Guarantor, as applicable, shall furnish to the Trustee: 

(1) an Officers Certificate in form reasonably satisfactory
to the Trustee (which must include the statements set forth in Section 12.05 hereof) stating that, in the opinion of the signers, all conditions precedent and covenants, if any, provided for in this Indenture relating to the proposed action
have been satisfied; and 

(2) an Opinion of Counsel in form reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee (which must include the
statements set forth in Section 12.05 hereof) stating that, in the opinion of such counsel, all such conditions precedent and covenants have been satisfied. 

Section 12.05. Statements Required in Certificate or Opinion. 

Each certificate or opinion with respect to compliance with a condition or covenant provided for in this Indenture and must include: 

(1) a statement that the Person making such certificate or opinion has read such covenant or condition; 

(2) brief statement as to the nature and scope of the examination or investigation upon which the statements or opinions
contained in such certificate or opinion are based; 

(3) a statement that, in the opinion of such Person, he or she has
made such examination or investigation as is necessary to enable him or her to express an informed opinion as to whether or not such covenant or condition has been satisfied; and 

138 

(4) a statement as to whether or not, in the opinion of such Person, such
condition or covenant has been satisfied. 

provided that an issuer of an Opinion of Counsel may rely as to matters of fact on an Officers
Certificate or a certificate of a public official. 

Section 12.06. Rules by Trustee and Agents. 

The Trustee may make reasonable rules for action by or at a meeting of Holders. 

The Registrar or Paying Agent may make reasonable rules and set reasonable requirements for its functions. 

Section 12.07. No Personal Liability of Directors, Officers, Employees and Stockholders. 

No director, officer, employee, incorporator or stockholder of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates, as such, will have any
liability for any Obligations of the Company or the Guarantors under the Notes, this Indenture, the Note Guarantees or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such Obligations or their creation. Each Holder of Notes by accepting a
Note waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance of the Notes. The waiver may not be effective to waive liabilities under the federal securities laws. 

Section 12.08. Governing Law. 

THE INTERNAL LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WILL GOVERN AND BE USED TO CONSTRUE THIS INDENTURE, THE NOTES AND THE NOTE GUARANTEES WITHOUT GIVING
EFFECT TO APPLICABLE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW TO THE EXTENT THAT THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION WOULD BE REQUIRED THEREBY. 

Section 12.09. No Adverse Interpretation of Other Agreements. 

This Indenture may not be used to interpret any other indenture, loan or debt agreement of the Company or its Subsidiaries or of any other
Person. Any such indenture, loan or debt agreement may not be used to interpret this Indenture. 

Section 12.10. Successors.

All agreements of the Company in this Indenture and the Notes will bind its successors. All agreements of the Trustee in this Indenture
will bind its successors. All agreements of each Guarantor in this Indenture will bind its successors, except as otherwise provided in Section 10.05 hereof. 

139 

Section 12.11. Severability. 

In case any provision in this Indenture or in the Notes is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the
remaining provisions will not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 

Section 12.12. Counterpart Originals. 

The parties may sign any number of copies of this Indenture. Each signed copy will be an original, but all of them together represent the same
agreement. This Indenture may be executed in multiple counterparts which, when taken together, shall constitute one instrument. The exchange of copies of this Indenture and of signature pages by facsimile or PDF transmissions shall constitute
effective execution and delivery of this Indenture as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original Indenture for all purposes. Signatures of the parties hereto transmitted by facsimile or PDF shall be deemed to be their original
signatures for all purposes. 

The Trustee shall have the right to accept and act upon any notice, instruction, or other communication,
including any funds transfer instruction (each, a Notice) received pursuant to this Indenture by electronic transmission (including by e-mail, facsimile transmission, web portal or other
electronic methods) and shall not have any duty to confirm that the person sending such Notice is, in fact, a person authorized to do so. Electronic signatures believed by the Trustee to comply with the ESIGN Act of 2000 or other applicable law
(including electronic images of handwritten signatures and digital signatures provided by DocuSign, Orbit, Adobe Sign or any other digital signature provider identified by any other party hereto and acceptable to the Trustee) shall be deemed
original signatures for all purposes. Each other party to this Indenture assumes all risks arising out of the use of electronic signatures and electronic methods to send Notices to the Trustee, including without limitation the risk of the Trustee
acting on an unauthorized Notice and the risk of interception or misuse by third parties. 

Section 12.13. Table of Contents,
Headings, etc.

The Table of Contents and Headings of the Articles and Sections of this Indenture have been inserted for
convenience of reference only, are not to be considered a part of this Indenture and will in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions hereof. 

Section 12.14. Force Majeure. 

In no event shall the Trustee be responsible or liable for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder arising out of
or caused by, directly or indirectly, forces beyond its control, including, without limitation, strikes, work stoppages, accidents, acts of war or terrorism, civil or military disturbances, nuclear or natural catastrophes or acts of God, and
interruptions, loss or malfunctions of utilities, communications or computer (software and hardware) services; it being understood that the Trustee shall use reasonable efforts which are consistent with accepted practices in the banking industry to
resume performance as soon as practicable under the circumstances. 

140 

Section 12.15. Waiver of Jury Trial. 

EACH OF THE COMPANY, THE GUARANTORS AND THE TRUSTEE HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL
RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS INDENTURE, THE NOTES, THE NOTE GUARANTEES OR THE TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. 

[Signatures on following page] 

141 

ACADIA HEALTHCARE COMPANY, INC.

By: 

/s/ Heather Dixon

Name: Heather Dixon

Title: Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to Indenture] 

GUARANTORS: 

ACADIA FLORIDA HOLDCO, LLC

ACADIA IN HOLDCO, LLC

ACADIA JV HOLDINGS, LLC

ACADIA LAPLACE HOLDINGS, LLC

ACADIA MANAGEMENT COMPANY, LLC

ACADIA MERGER SUB, LLC

ACADIA READING HOLDINGS, LLC

ACADIA REALTY HOLDINGS, LLC

ACADIANA ADDICTION CENTER, LLC

ADVANCED TREATMENT SYSTEMS, LLC

ASPEN EDUCATION GROUP, INC.

ASPEN YOUTH, INC.

ATS OF CECIL COUNTY, LLC

ATS OF DELAWARE, LLC

ATS OF NORTH CAROLINA, LLC

AUSTIN BEHAVIORAL HOSPITAL, LLC

AZURE ACRES TREATMENT CENTER, LLC

BATON ROUGE TREATMENT CENTER, LLC

BAYSIDE MARIN, INC.

BCA OF DETROIT, LLC

BECKLEY TREATMENT CENTER, LLC

BELMONT BEHAVIORAL HOSPITAL, LLC

BGI OF BRANDYWINE, LLC

BLUE RIDGE MOUNTAIN RECOVERY CENTER, LLC

BOWLING GREEN INN OF PENSACOLA, LLC,

BOWLING GREEN INN OF SOUTH DAKOTA INC.

BROOKSVILLE BEHAVIORAL HEALTH SERVICES, LLC

CALIFORNIA TREATMENT SERVICES, LLC

CARTERSVILLE CENTER, LLC

CASCADE BEHAVIORAL HOLDING COMPANY, LLC

CASCADE BEHAVIORAL HOSPITAL, LLC

CENTER FOR BEHAVIORAL HEALTH - HA, LLC

CENTER FOR BEHAVIORAL HEALTH - ME, INC.

CENTER FOR BEHAVIORAL HEALTH-PA, LLC

CENTERPOINTE BEHAVIORAL HEALTH SYSTEM, LLC

CENTERPOINTE COLUMBIA REAL ESTATE LLC

CENTERPOINTE HOSPITAL OF COLUMBIA LLC

CHAMBERSBURG COMPREHENSIVE TREATMENT CENTER, LLC

CHARLESTON TREATMENT CENTER, LLC

CHICAGO BH HOSPITAL, LLC

CLARKSBURG TREATMENT CENTER, LLC

CLEARBROOK TREATMENT CENTERS, LLC

COMMODORE ACQUISITION SUB, LLC

By: 

/s/ Heather Dixon

Name: Heather Dixon

Title: Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to Indenture] 

CONCORD CTC, LLC

CONWAY BEHAVIORAL HEALTH, LLC

CORRECTIONS COMPREHENSIVE TREATMENT CENTERS, LLC

CP ACQUISITION SUB, LLC

CRC ED TREATMENT, LLC

CRC GROUP, LLC

CRC HEALTH OREGON, LLC

CRC HEALTH, LLC

CRC HEALTH TREATMENT CLINICS, LLC

CRC RECOVERY, INC.

CRC WISCONSIN RD, LLC

CROSSROADS REGIONAL HOSPITAL, LLC

DETROIT BEHAVIORAL INSTITUTE, LLC

DISCOVERY HOUSE CC, LLC

DISCOVERY HOUSE CU, LLC

DISCOVERY HOUSE OF CENTRAL MAINE, INC.

DISCOVERY HOUSE TV, INC.

DISCOVERY HOUSE UTAH, INC.

DISCOVERY HOUSE WC INC.

DISCOVERY HOUSE, LLC

DISCOVERY HOUSE-BC, LLC

DISCOVERY HOUSE-BR, INC.

DISCOVERY HOUSE-GROUP, LLC

DISCOVERY HOUSE-LT, INC.

DISCOVERY HOUSE-NC, LLC

DISCOVERY HOUSE-UC, INC.

DUFFYS NAPA VALLEY REHAB, LLC

EAST INDIANA TREATMENT CENTER, LLC

EL PASO BEHAVIORAL HOSPITAL, LLC

EVANSVILLE TREATMENT CENTER, LLC

FOUR CIRCLES RECOVERY CENTER, LLC

GALAX TREATMENT CENTER, LLC

GEORGIA CTC, LLC

GIFFORD STREET WELLNESS CENTER, LLC

GREENBRIER ACQUISITION, LLC

GREENBRIER HOLDINGS, L.L.C.

GREENBRIER HOSPITAL, L.L.C.

GREENLEAF CENTER, LLC

HABILITATION CENTER, LLC

HABIT OPCO, LLC

HERMITAGE BEHAVIORAL, LLC

HMIH CEDAR CREST, LLC

HUNTINGTON TREATMENT CENTER, LLC

INDIANAPOLIS TREATMENT CENTER, LLC

By: 

/s/ Heather Dixon

Name: Heather Dixon

Title: Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to Indenture] 

INDIO BEHAVIORAL HOSPITAL, LLC

INTEGRATED TREATMENT CENTERS, LLC

JACKSONVILLE BH SERVICES, LLC

KIDS BEHAVIORAL HEALTH OF MONTANA, INC.

LAKELAND HOSPITAL ACQUISITION, LLC

LEWISTOWN COMPREHENSIVE TREATMENT CENTER, LLC

LITTLE HILLS HEALTHCARE L.L.C.

MADISON BH LLC

MCCALLUM GROUP, LLC

MESA DEVELOPMENT SUB, LLC

MILLCREEK SCHOOL OF ARKANSAS, LLC

MILLCREEK SCHOOLS, LLC

MILLERTON ACQUISITION SUB, LLC

MILWAUKEE HEALTH SERVICES SYSTEM, LLC

MISSION TREATMENT CENTERS, INC.

MISSION TREATMENT SERVICES, INC.

MISSISSIPPI COMPREHENSIVE TREATMENT CENTERS, LLC

MT. AIRY DEVELOPMENT, LLC

MUNCIE TREATMENT CENTER, LLC

NORTH PORT BH, LLC

OHIO HOSPITAL FOR PSYCHIATRY, LLC

OHIO TREATMENT CENTER, LLC

OPTIONS TREATMENT CENTER ACQUISITION CORPORATION

PARKERSBURG TREATMENT CENTER LLC

PHC MEADOWWOOD, LLC

PHC OF MICHIGAN, LLC

PHC OF UTAH, INC.

PHC OF VIRGINIA, LLC

PINEY RIDGE TREATMENT CENTER, LLC

POCONO MOUNTAIN RECOVERY CENTER, LLC

PSYCHIATRIC RESOURCE PARTNERS, LLC

QUALITY ADDICTION MANAGEMENT, INC.

R.I.S.A.T., LLC

REBOUND BEHAVIORAL HEALTH, LLC

RED RIVER HOLDING COMPANY, LLC

RED RIVER HOSPITAL, LLC

REHABILITATION CENTERS, LLC

RESOLUTE ACQUISITION CORPORATION

RICHLAND COUNTY COMPREHENSIVE TREATMENT CENTER, LLC

RICHMOND TREATMENT CENTER, LLC

RIVERVIEW BEHAVIORAL HEALTH, LLC

RIVERWOODS BEHAVIORAL HEALTH, LLC

ROCK CREST LLC LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY

By: 

/s/ Heather Dixon

Name: Heather Dixon

Title: Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to Indenture] 

ROLLING HILLS HOSPITAL, LLC

RTC RESOURCE ACQUISITION CORPORATION

SAHARA HEALTH SYSTEMS, L.L.C.

SAN DIEGO HEALTH ALLIANCE

SAN DIEGO TREATMENT SERVICES, LLC

SERENITY KNOLLS

SEVEN HILLS HOSPITAL, LLC

SEYMOUR TREATMENT CENTER, LLC

SC LEGACY SUB, LLC (f/k/a SHAKER CLINIC, LLC)

SHELTERED LIVING INCORPORATED

SIERRA TUCSON, LLC

SIGNATURE BEHAVIORAL HOSPITAL OPERATIONS, LLC

SIGNATURE HOSPITAL OF LEAVENWORTH, LLC

SJBH, LLC

SOBER LIVING BY THE SEA, INC.

SONORA BEHAVIORAL HEALTH HOSPITAL, LLC

SOUTH CAROLINA CTC, LLC

SOUTHERN INDIANA TREATMENT CENTER, LLC

SOUTHSTONE BEHAVIORAL HEALTHCARE CENTER, LLC

SOUTHWESTERN CHILDRENS HEALTH

SERVICES, INC.

SOUTHWOOD PSYCHIATRIC HOSPITAL, LLC,

STARLITE RECOVERY CENTER, LLC

STRUCTURE HOUSE, LLC

SUWS OF THE CAROLINAS, INC.

TEN BROECK TAMPA, LLC

TEXARKANA BEHAVIORAL ASSOCIATES, L.C.

THE CAMP RECOVERY CENTER, LLC

THE PAVILION AT HEALTHPARK, LLC

THE REFUGE, A HEALING PLACE, LLC

TK BEHAVIORAL HOLDING COMPANY, LLC

TK BEHAVIORAL, LLC

TRANSCULTURAL HEALTH DEVELOPMENT, INC.

TREATMENT ASSOCIATES, INC.

UTAH BEHAVIORAL HEALTH SERVICES, LLC,

VALLEJO ACQUISITION SUB, LLC

VALLEY BEHAVIORAL HEALTH SYSTEM, LLC

VERMILION HOSPITAL, LLC

VILLAGE BEHAVIORAL HEALTH, LLC

VIRGINIA TREATMENT CENTER, LLC

VISTA BEHAVIORAL HOLDING COMPANY, LLC

VISTA BEHAVIORAL HOSPITAL, LLC

WCHS, INC.

WELLPLACE, LLC

By: 

/s/ Heather Dixon

Name: Heather Dixon

Title: Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to Indenture] 

WESTMINSTER BEHAVIORAL HEALTH, LLC

WHEELING TREATMENT CENTER, LLC

WHITE DEER REALTY, LLC

WHITE DEER RUN, LLC

WICHITA TREATMENT CENTER INC.

WILLIAMSON TREATMENT CENTER, LLC

WILMINGTON TREATMENT CENTER, LLC

WP ACQUISITION SUB, LLC

YOUTH AND FAMILY CENTERED SERVICES OF NEW MEXICO, INC.

YOUTH CARE OF UTAH, INC.

By: 

/s/ Heather Dixon

Name: Heather Dixon

Title: Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to Indenture] 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as trustee

By: 

/s/ Wally Jones

Name: Wally Jones

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to Indenture] 

EXHIBIT A1 

[Insert the Global Note Legend, if applicable pursuant to the provisions of the Indenture] 

[Insert the Private Placement Legend, if applicable pursuant to the provisions of the Indenture] 

Exh A1-1 

CUSIP/CINS 00404A AQ2 

ISIN US00404AAQ22 

7.375% Senior
Note due 2033 

No. 144A-[_]

$ 

ACADIA HEALTHCARE COMPANY, INC.

promises to pay to or registered assigns, 

the principal
sum of DOLLARS [or such other principal sum as shall be set forth in the Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note attached hereto]* on March 15, 2033. 

Interest Payment Dates: March 15 and September 15 

Record Dates: March 1 and September 1 

Dated:
, 20[ ] 

* 

Insert in Global Notes only 

Exh A1-2 

ACADIA HEALTHCARE COMPANY, INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

Exh A1-3 

This is one of the Notes referred to the
within-mentioned Indenture: 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee 

By: 

Authorized Signatory

Exh A1-4 

Back of Note 

7.375% Senior Notes due 2033 

Capitalized terms
used herein have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture referred to below unless otherwise indicated. 

(1) INTEREST. Acadia
Healthcare Company, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company) promises to pay or cause to be paid interest on the principal amount of this Note at the rate of 7.375% per annum from March 10, 2025 until maturity. The Company
will pay interest, if any, semi-annually in arrears on March 15 and September 15 of each year (each, an Interest Payment Date), or if any such day is not a Business Day, on the
next succeeding Business Day. Interest on the Notes will accrue from the most recent date to which interest has been paid or duly provided for or, if no interest has been paid or duly provided for, from the date of original issuance; provided
that, if this Note is authenticated between a record date referred to on the face hereof and the next succeeding Interest Payment Date, interest shall accrue from such next succeeding Interest Payment Date; provided further that the first
Interest Payment Date shall be September 15, 2025. The Company will pay interest (including post-petition interest in any proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law) on overdue principal at the then applicable
interest rate on the Notes to the extent lawful; it will pay interest (including post-petition interest in any proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law) on overdue installments of interest, if any (without regard
to any applicable grace period), at the same rate to the extent lawful. 

Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve 30-day months. Each interest period will end on (but not include) the relevant Interest Payment Date. 

(2) METHOD OF PAYMENT. The Company will pay interest on the Notes (except defaulted interest), if any, to the Persons who are
registered Holders of Notes at the close of business on the March 1 and September 1 immediately preceding the Interest Payment Date (whether or not a Business Day), even if such Notes are canceled after such record date and on or before
such Interest Payment Date, except as provided in Section 2.12 of the Indenture with respect to defaulted interest. The Notes will be payable as to principal, premium, if any, and interest, if any, at the office or agency of the Company
maintained for such purpose (along with any other Paying Agent and Registrar maintained by the Company) or, at the option of the Company, payment of interest, if any, due on an Interest Payment Date may be made by check mailed to the Holders at
their addresses set forth in the register of Holders or by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the accounts specified by the Holders; provided that payment by wire transfer of immediately available funds will be required with
respect to principal of, premium, if any, on, and interest, if any, on, all Global Notes. Such payments will be in such coin or currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private
debts. If the due date for any payment in respect of any Notes is not a Business Day at the place at which such payment is due to be paid, the Holders of such Notes will not be entitled to payment of the amount due until the next succeeding Business
Day at such place, and will not be entitled to any further interest or other payment as a result of any such delay. 

(3) PAYING AGENT
AND REGISTRAR. Initially, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, the Trustee under the Indenture, will act as Paying Agent and Registrar. 

Exh A1-5 

The Company may change the Paying Agent or Registrar without prior notice to the Holders of the Notes. The Company or any of its Subsidiaries may act as Paying Agent or Registrar. 

(4) INDENTURE. The Company issued the Notes under an Indenture dated as of March 10, 2025 (the Indenture) among
the Company, the Guarantors and the Trustee. The terms of the Notes include those stated in the Indenture. The Notes are subject to all such terms, and Holders are referred to the Indenture for a statement of such terms. To the extent any provision
of this Note conflicts with the express provisions of the Indenture, the provisions of the Indenture shall govern and be controlling. The Notes are unsecured obligations of the Company. The Indenture does not limit the aggregate principal amount of
Notes that may be issued thereunder. 

(5) OPTIONAL REDEMPTION. 

(a) At any time prior to March 15, 2028, the Company may on any one or more occasions redeem up to 40% of the aggregate
principal amount of Notes issued under the Indenture, upon not less than 10 nor more than 60 days notice, at a redemption price equal to 107.375% of the principal amount of the Notes redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but
excluding, the date of redemption (subject to the rights of Holders of Notes on a relevant record date to receive interest on an Interest Payment Date occurring on or prior to the redemption date) with the net cash proceeds of an Equity Offering;
provided that: 

(A) at least 50% of the aggregate principal amount of Notes originally issued under the Indenture
(excluding Notes held by the Company, any direct or indirect parent of the Company and its Affiliates) remain outstanding immediately after the occurrence of such redemption (unless all such Notes are redeemed substantially concurrently); and 

(B) the redemption occurs within 180 days of the date of the closing of such Equity Offering. 

(b) At any time prior to March 15, 2028, the Company may on any one or more occasions redeem all or a part of the Notes,
upon not less than 10 nor more than 60 days notice, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes redeemed, plus the Applicable Premium as of, and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the
redemption date, subject to the rights of Holders on a relevant record date to receive interest due on an Interest Payment Date occurring on or prior to the redemption date. 

(c) Except pursuant to the preceding paragraphs (a) and (b), the Notes will not be redeemable at the Companys option
prior to March 15, 2028. 

(d) On or after March 15, 2028, the Company may on any one or more occasions redeem all
or a part of the Notes, upon not less than 10 nor more than 60 days notice, at the redemption prices (expressed as percentages of principal amount) set forth below, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the Notes redeemed, to, but
excluding, the applicable date of redemption, if redeemed during the 12-month period beginning on March 15 of each of the years indicated below, subject to the rights of Holders on a relevant record date
to receive interest due on an Interest Payment Date occurring on or prior to the redemption date: 

Exh A1-6 

Year Percentage 

2028 103.688 % 

2029 101.844 % 

2030 and thereafter 100.000 % 

Unless the Company defaults in the payment of the redemption price, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes
or portions thereof called for redemption on the applicable redemption date. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, in connection with any tender
offer for the Notes, including a Change of Control Offer (as defined below) or Asset Sale Offer (as defined in the Indenture), if Holders of not less than 90% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes validly tender and do not withdraw
such Notes in such tender offer and the Company, or any third party making such tender offer in lieu of the Company, purchases all of the Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn by such Holders, the Company or such third party will have the right
upon not less than 10 nor more than 60 days prior notice, given not more than 30 days following such purchase date, to redeem all Notes that remain outstanding following such purchase at a redemption price equal to the price offered to each
other Holder (excluding any early tender or incentive fee) in such tender offer plus, to the extent not included in the tender offer payment, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, thereon, to, but excluding, the date of such redemption. 

In connection with any redemption of the Notes (including with the net cash proceeds of an Equity Offering), any such redemption may, at the
Companys discretion, be given prior to the completion of a transaction (including an Equity Offering, an incurrence of Indebtedness, a Change of Control or other transaction) and any redemption notice may, at the Companys discretion, be
subject to one or more conditions precedent, including, but not limited to, completion of a related transaction, and may include multiple amounts of Notes that may be redeemed and the conditions precedent applicable to such amounts. If such
redemption is so subject to satisfaction of one or more conditions precedent, such notice shall describe each such condition, and if applicable, shall state that, in the Companys discretion, the redemption date may be delayed until such time
(including more than 60 days after the date the notice of redemption was mailed or delivered, including by electronic transmission) as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied, or such redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded
in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied by the redemption date, or by the redemption date as so delayed. In addition, the Company may provide in such notice that payment of the redemption price and performance of
the Companys obligations with respect to such redemption may be performed by another Person. 

If the optional redemption date is on
or after a record date and on or before the corresponding interest payment date, the accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date will be paid on the redemption date to the Holder in whose name the Note is registered at the
close of business on such record date in accordance with the applicable procedures of DTC, and no additional interest will be payable to Holders whose Notes will be subject to redemption by the Company. 

Exh A1-7 

(6) MANDATORY REDEMPTION. The Company is not required to make mandatory redemption or
sinking fund payments with respect to the Notes. 

(7) REPURCHASE AT THE OPTION OF HOLDER. 

(a) If there is a Change of Control, subject to certain exceptions, the Company will be required to make an offer (a
Change of Control Offer) to each Holder to repurchase all or any part (equal to $1,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof; provided that any unpurchased portion of a Note must be in a minimum denomination
of $2,000) of each Holders Notes at a purchase price in cash (the Change of Control Payment) equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, thereon to the date of purchase,
subject to the rights of Holders on a relevant record date to receive interest due on an Interest Payment Date occurring on or prior to the purchase date (the Change of Control Payment Date) (it being understood that to the extent
any cash proceeds of a Change of Control are required to prepay the Obligations under the Credit Agreement pursuant to the terms thereof, the Company will be required to first apply such cash proceeds to prepay such Obligations under the Credit
Agreement but the Company will still be required to make a Change of Control Offer). Within 30 days following any Change of Control, subject to certain exceptions, the Company will deliver or cause to be delivered a notice to each Holder setting
forth the procedures governing the Change of Control Offer as required by the Indenture. 

(b) Following the occurrence of
certain Asset Sales, the Company may be required to offer to repurchase the Notes as required by the Indenture. 

(8) NOTICE OF
REDEMPTION. At least 10 days but not more than 60 days before a redemption date, the Company will mail or cause to be mailed, by first class mail, a notice of redemption to each Holder whose Notes are to be redeemed at its registered address or
otherwise in accordance with the applicable procedures of DTC, except that redemption notices may be mailed more than 60 days prior to a redemption date if the notice is issued in connection with a defeasance of the Notes or a satisfaction and
discharge of the Indenture pursuant to Articles 8 or 11 thereof. Notes and portions of Notes selected will be in amounts of $2,000 or whole multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof (provided, that any unpurchased portion of a Note must be in a
minimum denomination of $2,000); except that if all of the Notes of a Holder are to be redeemed or purchased, the entire outstanding amount of Notes held by such Holder shall be redeemed or purchased. 

(9) DENOMINATIONS, TRANSFER, EXCHANGE. The Notes are in registered form in denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in
excess thereof. The transfer of Notes may be registered and Notes may be exchanged as provided in the Indenture. The Registrar and the Trustee may require a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents in
connection with a transfer of Notes. Holders will be required to pay all taxes due on transfer. The Company need not exchange or register the transfer of any Note or portion of a Note selected for redemption, except for the unredeemed portion of any
Note being redeemed in part. Also, the Company need not exchange or register the transfer of any Notes for a period of 15 days before a selection of Notes to be redeemed. 

Exh A1-8 

(10) PERSONS DEEMED OWNERS. The registered Holder of a Note may be treated as its
owner for all purposes. Only registered Holders have rights under the Indenture. 

(11) AMENDMENT, SUPPLEMENT AND WAIVER. Subject to
certain exceptions, the Indenture, the Notes or the Note Guarantees may be amended or supplemented with the consent of the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes including Additional Notes, if any,
voting as a single class (including, without limitation, consents obtained in connection with a tender offer or exchange offer for, or purchase of, the Notes), and any existing Default or Event of Default (other than a Default or Event of Default in
the payment of the principal of, premium on, if any, or interest, if any, on the Notes, except a payment default resulting from an acceleration that has been rescinded) or compliance with any provision of the Indenture or the Notes or the Note
Guarantees may be waived with the consent of the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes including Additional Notes, if any, voting as a single class (including, without limitation, consents obtained in
connection with a tender offer or exchange offer for, or purchase of, the Notes). Without the consent of any Holder of Notes, the Indenture, the Notes or the Note Guarantees may be amended or supplemented to cure any ambiguity, omission, mistake,
defect, error or inconsistency; to provide for uncertificated Notes in addition to or in place of certificated Notes or to alter the provisions of the Indenture relating to the form of the Notes (including related definitions); to provide for the
assumption of the Companys or any Guarantors obligations to Holders of the Notes and Note Guarantees by a successor to the Company or such Guarantor pursuant to the Indenture; to make any change that would provide any additional rights
or benefits to the Holders of the Notes or that does not adversely affect the legal rights under the Indenture of any Holder in any material respects; at the Companys election, to comply with any requirement of the SEC in order to effect or
maintain the qualification of the Indenture under the TIA; to conform the text of the Indenture, the Notes or the Note Guarantees to any provision of the Description of the Notes section of the Offering Memorandum or reduce the
minimum denominations of the Notes; to allow any Restricted Subsidiary to execute a supplemental indenture to the Indenture and/or a Note Guarantee with respect to the Notes, to add Note Guarantees, to add security to or for the benefit of the Notes
or guarantees, or to confirm and evidence the release, termination, discharge or retaking of any Note Guarantee or Lien with respect to or securing the Notes when such release, termination, discharge or retaking is provided for under the Indenture;
to evidence and provide for the acceptance and appointment under the Indenture of a successor trustee or a successor paying agent pursuant to the requirements therefor to make such provisions as necessary for the issuance of Additional Notes, to
make any amendment to the provisions of the Indenture relating to the transfer and legending of Notes as permitted by the Indenture, including to facilitate the issuance and administration of Notes; provided, however, that such
amendment does not materially and adversely affect the rights of Holders to transfer the Notes, to comply with the rules and procedures of any applicable securities depositary, and to make any amendment to the provisions of the Indenture, the Note
Guarantees and/or the Notes to eliminate the effect of any Accounting Change or in the application thereof as described in the last paragraph of the definition of GAAP in the Indenture. 

Exh A1-9 

(12) DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES. The Notes are subject to the Defaults and Events of
Default set forth in Section 6.01 of the Indenture. The Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes by written notice to the Trustee may, on behalf of the Holders of all the Notes, rescind an acceleration
or waive all past and any existing Default or Event of Default and its respective consequences under the Indenture except a continuing Default or Event of Default in the payment of principal of, premium on, if any, or interest, if any, on, the Notes
(except nonpayment of principal, premium, if any, or interest on the Notes that became due solely because of the acceleration of the Notes). The Company and the Guarantors are required to deliver to the Trustee annually a statement regarding
compliance with the Indenture, and the Company is required, upon becoming aware of any Default or Event of Default, to deliver to the Trustee a statement specifying such Default or Event of Default. 

(13) TRUSTEE DEALINGS WITH COMPANY. The Trustee, in its individual or any other capacity, may make loans to, accept deposits from, and
perform services for the Company or its Affiliates, and may otherwise deal with the Company or its Affiliates, as if it were not the Trustee. 

(14) NO RECOURSE AGAINST OTHERS. No director, officer, employee, incorporator or stockholder of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
or Affiliates, as such, will have any liability for any obligations of the Company or the Guarantors under the Notes, the Indenture, the Note Guarantees or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation.
Each Holder of Notes by accepting a Note waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance of the Notes. The waiver may not be effective to waive liabilities under the federal securities laws.

(15) AUTHENTICATION. This Note will not be valid until authenticated by the manual signature of an authorized signatory of the
Trustee or an authenticating agent. 

(16) ABBREVIATIONS. Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Holder or an
assignee, such as: TEN COM (= tenants in common), TEN ENT (= tenants by the entireties), JT TEN (= joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (= Custodian), and U/G/M/A (= Uniform Gifts to Minors Act). 

(17) CUSIP NUMBERS. Pursuant to a recommendation promulgated by the Committee on Uniform Security Identification Procedures, the
Company has caused CUSIP numbers to be printed on the Notes, and the Trustee may use CUSIP numbers in notices of redemption as a convenience to Holders. No representation is made as to the accuracy of such numbers either as printed on the Notes or
as contained in any notice of redemption, and reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers placed thereon. 

(18)
GOVERNING LAW. THE INTERNAL LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WILL GOVERN AND BE USED TO CONSTRUE THE INDENTURE, THIS NOTE AND THE NOTE GUARANTEES WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO APPLICABLE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW TO THE EXTENT THAT THE
APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION WOULD BE REQUIRED THEREBY. 

Exh A1-10 

(19) SUCCESSOR ENTITY. When a successor entity assumes, in accordance with the
Indenture, all the obligations of its predecessor under the Notes and the Indenture, and immediately before and thereafter no Default or Event of Default exists and all other conditions of the Indenture are satisfied, the predecessor entity will be
released from those obligations. 

The Company will furnish to any Holder upon written request and without charge a copy of the Indenture.
Requests may be made to: 

Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. 

6100 Tower Circle, Suite 1000 

Franklin, Tennessee 37067 

Attention: Brian Farley 

Exh A1-11 

ASSIGNMENT FORM 

To assign this Note, fill in the form below: 

(I) or (we) assign and transfer this Note to: 

(Insert assignees legal name)

(Insert assignees soc. sec. or tax I.D. no.) 

(Print or type assignees name,
address and zip code) 

and irrevocably
appoint attorney to transfer this Note on the books of the Company. The attorney may substitute another to act for him. 

DATE: 

Your Signature: 

(Sign exactly as your name appears on the face of this Note)

Signature
Guarantee*: 

* 

Participant in a recognized Signature Guarantee Medallion Program (or other signature guarantor acceptable to
the Trustee). 

Exh A1-12 

OPTION OF HOLDER TO ELECT PURCHASE 

If you want to elect to have this Note purchased by the Company pursuant to Section 4.10 or Section 4.14 of the Indenture, check the
appropriate box below: 

Section 4.10 Section 4.14 

If you want to elect to have only part of the Note purchased by the Company pursuant to Section 4.10 or Section 4.14 of the
Indenture, state the amount you elect to have purchased: 

$_______ ($1,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof,
provided that the unpurchased portion of the Note shall be in a minimum principal amount of $2,000) 

Date: _______ 

Your
Signature: 

(Sign exactly as your name appears on the face of this Note)

Tax Identification
No.: 

Signature
Guarantee*: 

* 

Participant in a recognized Signature Guarantee Medallion Program (or other signature guarantor acceptable to
the Trustee). 

Exh A1-13 

SCHEDULE OF EXCHANGES OF INTERESTS IN THE GLOBAL NOTE* 

The following exchanges of a part of this Global Note for an interest in another Global Note or for a Definitive Note, or exchanges of a part
of another Global Note or Definitive Note for an interest in this Global Note, have been made: 

Date of Exchange 

Amount of decrease

in Principal Amount

of this Global Note 

Amount of increase

in Principal Amount

of this Global Note 

Principal Amount of

this Global Note

following such

decrease (or

increase) 

Signature of

authorized officer of

Trustee or

Custodian

* 

This schedule should be included only if the Note is issued in global form. 

Exh A1-14 

EXHIBIT A2 

[Insert the Regulation S Temporary Global Note Legend, if applicable pursuant to the provisions of the Indenture] 

[Insert the Global Note Legend, if applicable pursuant to the provisions of the Indenture] 

[Insert the Private Placement Legend, if applicable pursuant to the provisions of the Indenture] 

Exh A2-1 

CUSIP/CINS U00434 AJ6 

ISIN USU00434AJ65 

7.375% Senior
Note due 2033 

No. S-[_]

$ 

ACADIA HEALTHCARE COMPANY, INC.

promises to pay to or registered assigns, 

the principal sum of DOLLARS [or such other principal sum as shall be set forth in the Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the
Global Note attached hereto]* on March 15, 2033. 

Interest Payment Dates: March 15 and September 15 

Record Dates: March 1 and September 1 

Dated: , 20[ ] 

* 

Insert in Global Notes only 

Exh A2-2 

ACADIA HEALTHCARE COMPANY, INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

Exh A2-3 

This is one of the Notes referred to 

the within-mentioned Indenture: 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signatory

Exh A2-4 

Back of Regulation S Temporary Global Note 

7.375% Senior Notes due 2033 

Capitalized terms used herein have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture referred to below unless otherwise indicated. 

(1) INTEREST. Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), promises to pay or cause to be
paid interest on the principal amount of this Note at the rate of 7.375% per annum from March 10, 2025 until maturity. The Company will pay interest, if any, semi-annually in arrears on March 15 and
September 15 of each year (each, an Interest Payment Date), or if any such day is not a Business Day, on the next succeeding Business Day. Interest on the Notes will accrue from the most recent date to which interest has been
paid or duly provided for or, if no interest has been paid or duly provided for, from the date of original issuance; provided that, if this Note is authenticated between a record date referred to on the face hereof and the next succeeding
Interest Payment Date, interest shall accrue from such next succeeding Interest Payment Date; provided further that the first Interest Payment Date shall be September 15, 2025. The Company will pay interest (including post-petition interest in any proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law) on overdue principal at the then applicable interest rate on the Notes to the extent lawful; it will pay interest (including post-petition interest in any proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law) on overdue installments of interest, if any (without regard to any applicable grace period), at the same rate to the extent lawful. 

Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve 30-day months. Each interest period will end on (but not include) the relevant Interest Payment Date. 

Until this Regulation S Temporary Global Note is exchanged for one or more Regulation S Permanent Global Notes, the Holder hereof shall not be
entitled to receive payments of interest hereon; until so exchanged in full, this Regulation S Temporary Global Note shall in all other respects be entitled to the same benefits as other Notes under the Indenture. 

(2) METHOD OF PAYMENT. The Company will pay interest on the Notes (except defaulted interest), if any, to the Persons who are
registered Holders of Notes at the close of business on the March 1 and September 1 immediately preceding the Interest Payment Date (whether or not a Business Day), even if such Notes are canceled after such record date and on or before
such Interest Payment Date, except as provided in Section 2.12 of the Indenture with respect to defaulted interest. The Notes will be payable as to principal, premium, if any, and interest, if any, at the office or agency of the Company
maintained for such purpose (along with any other Paying Agent and Registrar maintained by the Company) or, at the option of the Company, payment of interest, if any, due on an Interest Payment Date may be made by check mailed to the Holders at
their addresses set forth in the register of Holders or by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the accounts specified by the Holders; provided that payment by wire transfer of immediately available funds will be required with
respect to principal of, premium, if any, on, and interest, if any, on, all Global Notes. Such payments will be in such coin or currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private
debts. If the due date for any payment in respect of any Notes is not a Business Day at the place at which such payment is due to be paid, the Holders of such Notes will not be entitled to payment of the amount due until the next succeeding Business
Day at such place, and will not be entitled to any further interest or other payment as a result of any such delay. 

Exh A2-5 

(3) PAYING AGENT AND REGISTRAR. Initially, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National
Association, the Trustee under the Indenture, will act as Paying Agent and Registrar. The Company may change the Paying Agent or Registrar without prior notice to the Holders of the Notes. The Company or any of its Subsidiaries may act as Paying
Agent or Registrar. 

(4) INDENTURE. The Company issued the Notes under an Indenture dated as of March 10, 2025 (the
Indenture) among the Company, the Guarantors and the Trustee. The terms of the Notes include those stated in the Indenture. The Notes are subject to all such terms, and Holders are referred to the Indenture for a statement of such
terms. To the extent any provision of this Note conflicts with the express provisions of the Indenture, the provisions of the Indenture shall govern and be controlling. The Notes are unsecured obligations of the Company. The Indenture does not limit
the aggregate principal amount of Notes that may be issued thereunder. 

(5) OPTIONAL REDEMPTION. 

(a) At any time prior to March 15, 2028, the Company may on any one or more occasions redeem up to 40% of the aggregate
principal amount of Notes issued under the Indenture, upon not less than 10 nor more than 60 days notice, at a redemption price equal to 107.375% of the principal amount of the Notes redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but
excluding, the date of redemption (subject to the rights of Holders of Notes on a relevant record date to receive interest on an Interest Payment Date occurring on or prior to the redemption date) with the net cash proceeds of an Equity Offering;
provided that: 

(A) at least 50% of the aggregate principal amount of Notes originally issued under the Indenture
(excluding Notes held by the Company, any direct or indirect parent of the Company and its Affiliates) remain outstanding immediately after the occurrence of such redemption (unless all such Notes are redeemed substantially concurrently); and 

(B) the redemption occurs within 180 days of the date of the closing of such Equity Offering. 

(b) At any time prior to March 15, 2028, the Company may on any one or more occasions redeem all or a part of the Notes,
upon not less than 10 nor more than 60 days notice, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes redeemed, plus the Applicable Premium as of, and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the
redemption date, subject to the rights of Holders on a relevant record date to receive interest due on an Interest Payment Date occurring on or prior to the redemption date. 

(c) Except pursuant to the preceding paragraphs (a) and (b), the Notes will not be redeemable at the Companys option
prior to March 15, 2028. 

Exh A2-6 

(d) On or after March 15, 2028, the Company may on any one or more
occasions redeem all or a part of the Notes, upon not less than 10 nor more than 60 days notice, at the redemption prices (expressed as percentages of principal amount) set forth below, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the Notes
redeemed, to, but excluding, the applicable date of redemption, if redeemed during the 12-month period beginning on March 15 of each of the years indicated below, subject to the rights of Holders on a
relevant record date to receive interest due on an Interest Payment Date occurring on or prior to the redemption date: 

Year Percentage 

2028 103.688 % 

2029 101.844 % 

2030 and thereafter 100.000 % 

Unless the Company defaults in the payment of the redemption price, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes
or portions thereof called for redemption on the applicable redemption date. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, in connection with any tender
offer for the Notes, including a Change of Control Offer (as defined below) or Asset Sale Offer (as defined in the Indenture), if Holders of not less than 90% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes validly tender and do not withdraw
such Notes in such tender offer and the Company, or any third party making such tender offer in lieu of the Company, purchases all of the Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn by such Holders, the Company or such third party will have the right
upon not less than 10 nor more than 60 days prior notice, given not more than 30 days following such purchase date, to redeem all Notes that remain outstanding following such purchase at a redemption price equal to the price offered to each
other Holder (excluding any early tender or incentive fee) in such tender offer plus, to the extent not included in the tender offer payment, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, thereon, to, but excluding, the date of such redemption. 

In connection with any redemption of the Notes (including with the net cash proceeds of an Equity Offering), any such redemption may, at the
Companys discretion, be given prior to the completion of a transaction (including an Equity Offering, an incurrence of Indebtedness, a Change of Control or other transaction) and any redemption notice may, at the Companys discretion, be
subject to one or more conditions precedent, including, but not limited to, completion of a related transaction, and may include multiple amounts of Notes that may be redeemed and the conditions precedent applicable to such amounts. If such
redemption is so subject to satisfaction of one or more conditions precedent, such notice shall describe each such condition, and if applicable, shall state that, in the Companys discretion, the redemption date may be delayed until such time
(including more than 60 days after the date the notice of redemption was mailed or delivered, including by electronic transmission) as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied, or such redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded
in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied by the redemption date, or by the redemption date as so delayed. In addition, the Company may provide in such notice that payment of the redemption price and performance of
the Companys obligations with respect to such redemption may be performed by another Person. 

Exh A2-7 

If the optional redemption date is on or after a record date and on or before the
corresponding interest payment date, the accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date will be paid on the redemption date to the Holder in whose name the Note is registered at the close of business on such record date in
accordance with the applicable procedures of DTC, and no additional interest will be payable to Holders whose Notes will be subject to redemption by the Company. 

(6) MANDATORY REDEMPTION. The Company is not required to make mandatory redemption or sinking fund payments with respect to the Notes.

(7) REPURCHASE AT THE OPTION OF HOLDER. 

(a) If there is a Change of Control, subject to certain exceptions, the Company will be required to make an offer (a
Change of Control Offer) to each Holder to repurchase all or any part (equal to $1,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof; provided that any unpurchased portion of a Note must be in a minimum denomination
of $2,000) of each Holders Notes at a purchase price in cash (the Change of Control Payment) equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, thereon to the date of purchase,
subject to the rights of Holders on a relevant record date to receive interest due on an Interest Payment Date occurring on or prior to the purchase date (the Change of Control Payment Date) (it being understood that to the extent
any cash proceeds of a Change of Control are required to prepay the Obligations under the Credit Agreement pursuant to the terms thereof, the Company will be required to first apply such cash proceeds to prepay such Obligations under the Credit
Agreement but the Company will still be required to make a Change of Control Offer). Within 30 days following any Change of Control, subject to certain exceptions, the Company will deliver or cause to be delivered a notice to each Holder setting
forth the procedures governing the Change of Control Offer as required by the Indenture. 

(b) Following the occurrence of
certain Asset Sales, the Company may be required to offer to repurchase the Notes as required by the Indenture. 

(8) NOTICE OF
REDEMPTION. At least 10 days but not more than 60 days before a redemption date, the Company will mail or cause to be mailed, by first class mail, a notice of redemption to each Holder whose Notes are to be redeemed at its registered address or
otherwise in accordance with the applicable procedures of DTC, except that redemption notices may be mailed more than 60 days prior to a redemption date if the notice is issued in connection with a defeasance of the Notes or a satisfaction and
discharge of the Indenture pursuant to Articles 8 or 11 thereof. Notes and portions of Notes selected will be in amounts of $2,000 or whole multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof (provided, that any unpurchased portion of a Note must be in a
minimum denomination of $2,000); except that if all of the Notes of a Holder are to be redeemed or purchased, the entire outstanding amount of Notes held by such Holder shall be redeemed or purchased. 

Exh A2-8 

(9) DENOMINATIONS, TRANSFER, EXCHANGE. The Notes are in registered form in denominations of
$2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. The transfer of Notes may be registered and Notes may be exchanged as provided in the Indenture. The Registrar and the Trustee may require a Holder, among other things, to furnish
appropriate endorsements and transfer documents in connection with a transfer of Notes. Holders will be required to pay all taxes due on transfer. The Company need not exchange or register the transfer of any Note or portion of a Note selected for
redemption, except for the unredeemed portion of any Note being redeemed in part. Also, the Company need not exchange or register the transfer of any Notes for a period of 15 days before a selection of Notes to be redeemed. 

This Regulation S Temporary Global Note is exchangeable in whole or in part for one or more Global Notes only (i) on or after the
termination of the 40-day distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S) and (ii) upon presentation of certificates (accompanied by an Opinion of Counsel, if applicable) required by Article 2
of the Indenture. Upon exchange of this Regulation S Temporary Global Note for one or more Global Notes, the Trustee shall cancel this Regulation S Temporary Global Note. 

(10) PERSONS DEEMED OWNERS. The registered Holder of a Note may be treated as its owner for all purposes. Only registered Holders have
rights under the Indenture. 

(11) AMENDMENT, SUPPLEMENT AND WAIVER. Subject to certain exceptions, the Indenture, the Notes or the
Note Guarantees may be amended or supplemented with the consent of the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes including Additional Notes, if any, voting as a single class (including, without
limitation, consents obtained in connection with a tender offer or exchange offer for, or purchase of, the Notes), and any existing Default or Event of Default (other than a Default or Event of Default in the payment of the principal of, premium on,
if any, or interest, if any, on the Notes, except a payment default resulting from an acceleration that has been rescinded) or compliance with any provision of the Indenture or the Notes or the Note Guarantees may be waived with the consent of the
Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes including Additional Notes, if any, voting as a single class (including, without limitation, consents obtained in connection with a tender offer or exchange offer for,
or purchase of, the Notes). Without the consent of any Holder of Notes, the Indenture, the Notes or the Note Guarantees may be amended or supplemented to cure any ambiguity, omission, mistake, defect, error or inconsistency; to provide for
uncertificated Notes in addition to or in place of certificated Notes or to alter the provisions of the Indenture relating to the form of the Notes (including related definitions); to provide for the assumption of the Companys or any
Guarantors obligations to Holders of the Notes and Note Guarantees by a successor to the Company or such Guarantor pursuant to the Indenture; to make any change that would provide any additional rights or benefits to the Holders of the Notes
or that does not adversely affect the legal rights under the Indenture of any Holder in any material respects; at the Companys election, to comply with any requirement of the SEC in order to effect or maintain the qualification of the
Indenture under the TIA; to conform the text of the Indenture, the Notes or the Note Guarantees to any provision of the Description of the Notes section of the Offering Memorandum or reduce the minimum denominations of the Notes; to
allow any Restricted Subsidiary to execute a supplemental indenture to the Indenture and/or a Note Guarantee with respect to the Notes, to add Note Guarantees, to add security to or for the benefit of the Notes or guarantees, or to confirm and
evidence the release, termination, discharge or retaking of any Note Guarantee or Lien with respect to or securing the Notes when such release, termination, discharge or retaking 

Exh A2-9 

is provided for under the Indenture; to evidence and provide for the acceptance and appointment under the Indenture of a successor trustee or a successor paying agent pursuant to the requirements
therefor to make such provisions as necessary for the issuance of Additional Notes, to make any amendment to the provisions of the Indenture relating to the transfer and legending of Notes as permitted by the Indenture, including to facilitate the
issuance and administration of Notes; provided, however, that such amendment does not materially and adversely affect the rights of Holders to transfer the Notes, to comply with the rules and procedures of any applicable securities
depositary, and to make any amendment to the provisions of the Indenture, the Note Guarantees and/or the Notes to eliminate the effect of any Accounting Change or in the application thereof as described in the last paragraph of the definition of
GAAP in the Indenture. 

(12) DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES. The Notes are subject to the Defaults and Events of Default set
forth in Section 6.01 of the Indenture. The Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes by written notice to the Trustee may, on behalf of the Holders of all the Notes, rescind an acceleration or waive all
past and any existing Default or Event of Default and its respective consequences under the Indenture except a continuing Default or Event of Default in the payment of principal of, premium on, if any, or interest, if any, on, the Notes (except
nonpayment of principal, premium, if any, or interest on the Notes that became due solely because of the acceleration of the Notes). The Company and the Guarantors are required to deliver to the Trustee annually a statement regarding compliance with
the Indenture, and the Company is required, upon becoming aware of any Default or Event of Default, to deliver to the Trustee a statement specifying such Default or Event of Default. 

(13) TRUSTEE DEALINGS WITH COMPANY. The Trustee, in its individual or any other capacity, may make loans to, accept deposits from, and
perform services for the Company or its Affiliates, and may otherwise deal with the Company or its Affiliates, as if it were not the Trustee. 

(14) NO RECOURSE AGAINST OTHERS. No director, officer, employee, incorporator or stockholder of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
or Affiliates, as such, will have any liability for any obligations of the Company or the Guarantors under the Notes, the Indenture, the Note Guarantees or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation.
Each Holder of Notes by accepting a Note waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance of the Notes. The waiver may not be effective to waive liabilities under the federal securities laws.

(15) AUTHENTICATION. This Note will not be valid until authenticated by the manual signature of an authorized signatory of the
Trustee or an authenticating agent. 

(16) ABBREVIATIONS. Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Holder or an
assignee, such as: TEN COM (= tenants in common), TEN ENT (= tenants by the entireties), JT TEN (= joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (= Custodian), and U/G/M/A (= Uniform Gifts to Minors Act). 

Exh A2-10 

(17) CUSIP NUMBERS. Pursuant to a recommendation promulgated by the Committee on
Uniform Security Identification Procedures, the Company has caused CUSIP numbers to be printed on the Notes, and the Trustee may use CUSIP numbers in notices of redemption as a convenience to Holders. No representation is made as to the accuracy of
such numbers either as printed on the Notes or as contained in any notice of redemption, and reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers placed thereon. 

(18) GOVERNING LAW. THE INTERNAL LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WILL GOVERN AND BE USED TO CONSTRUE THE INDENTURE, THIS NOTE AND THE NOTE
GUARANTEES WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO APPLICABLE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW TO THE EXTENT THAT THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION WOULD BE REQUIRED THEREBY. 

(19) SUCCESSOR ENTITY. When a successor entity assumes, in accordance with the Indenture, all the obligations of its predecessor under
the Notes and the Indenture, and immediately before and thereafter no Default or Event of Default exists and all other conditions of the Indenture are satisfied, the predecessor entity will be released from those obligations. 

The Company will furnish to any Holder upon written request and without charge a copy of the Indenture. Requests may be made to: 

Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. 

6100 Tower Circle, Suite 1000

Franklin, Tennessee 37067 

Attention: Brian Farley 

Exh A2-11 

ASSIGNMENT FORM 

To assign this Note, fill in the form below: 

(I) or (we) assign and transfer this Note to: 

(Insert assignees legal name)

(Insert assignees soc. sec. or tax I.D. no.) 

(Print or type assignees name,
address and zip code) 

and irrevocably appoint

attorney to transfer this Note on the books of the Company. The attorney may substitute another to act for him. 

DATE: _______ 

Your Signature: 

(Sign exactly as your name appears on the face of this Note)

Signature Guarantee*: ______________________ 

* 

Participant in a recognized Signature Guarantee Medallion Program (or other signature guarantor acceptable to
the Trustee). 

Exh A2-12 

OPTION OF HOLDER TO ELECT PURCHASE 

If you want to elect to have this Note purchased by the Company pursuant to Section 4.10 or Section 4.14 of the Indenture, check the
appropriate box below: 

Section 4.10 Section 4.14 

If you want to elect to have only part of the Note purchased by the Company pursuant to Section 4.10 or Section 4.14 of the
Indenture, state the amount you elect to have purchased: 

$_______ ($1,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof,
provided that the unpurchased portion of the Note shall be in a minimum principal amount of $2,000) 

Date: _______ 

Your Signature: 

(Sign exactly as your name appears on the face of this Note)

Tax Identification No.: 

Signature Guarantee*: ______________________ 

* 

Participant in a recognized Signature Guarantee Medallion Program (or other signature guarantor acceptable to
the Trustee). 

Exh A2-13 

SCHEDULE OF EXCHANGES OF INTERESTS IN THE GLOBAL NOTE 

The following exchanges of a part of this Global Note for an interest in another Global Note or for a Definitive Note, or exchanges of a part
of another Global Note or Definitive Note for an interest in this Global Note, have been made: 

Date of Exchange 

Amount of decrease

in Principal Amount

of this Global
Note 

Amount of increase

in Principal Amount

of this Global
Note 

Principal Amount of

this Global Note

following
such

decrease (or

increase) 

Signature of

authorized officer of

Trustee
or

Custodian

* 

This schedule should be included only if the Note is issued in global form. 

Exh A2-14 

EXHIBIT B 

FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF TRANSFER 

Acadia
Healthcare Company, Inc. 

6100 Tower Circle, Suite 1000 

Franklin, Tennessee 37067 

Attention: Brian Farley 

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association 

Global Corporate
Trust Services 

333 Commerce Street, Suite 900 

Nashville,
Tennessee 37201 

Facsimile No.: (615) 251-0737

Attention: Wally Jones, CTMC 

Re: 7.375% Senior
Notes due 2033 

Reference is hereby made to the Indenture, dated as of March 10, 2025 (the Indenture), among
Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), as issuer, the Guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have
the meanings given to them in the Indenture. 

________________, (the Transferor) owns and proposes to transfer the
Note[s] or interest in such Note[s] specified in Annex A hereto, in the principal amount of $_______ in such Note[s] or interests (the Transfer), to ________________ (the Transferee), as further specified in
Annex A hereto. In connection with the Transfer, the Transferor hereby certifies that: 

[CHECK ALL THAT APPLY] 

1. Check if Transferee will take delivery of a beneficial interest in the 144A Global Note or a Restricted
Definitive Note pursuant to Rule 144A. The Transfer is being effected pursuant to and in accordance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and, accordingly, the Transferor hereby
further certifies that the beneficial interest or Definitive Note is being transferred to a Person that the Transferor reasonably believes is purchasing the beneficial interest or Definitive Note for its own account, or for one or more accounts with
respect to which such Person exercises sole investment discretion, and such Person and each such account is a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, and such
Transfer is in compliance with any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States. Upon consummation of the proposed Transfer in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, the transferred beneficial interest or Definitive
Note will be subject to the restrictions on transfer enumerated in the Private Placement Legend printed on the 144A Global Note and/or the Restricted Definitive Note and in the Indenture and the Securities Act. 

Exh B-1 

2. Check if Transferee will take delivery of a beneficial
interest in the Regulation S Temporary Global Note, the Regulation S Permanent Global Note or a Restricted Definitive Note pursuant to Regulation S. The Transfer is being effected pursuant to and in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 under
the Securities Act and, accordingly, the Transferor hereby further certifies that (i) the Transfer is not being made to a Person in the United States and (x) at the time the buy order was originated, the Transferee was outside the United
States or such Transferor and any Person acting on its behalf reasonably believed and believes that the Transferee was outside the United States or (y) the transaction was executed in, on or through the facilities of a designated offshore
securities market and neither such Transferor nor any Person acting on its behalf knows that the transaction was prearranged with a buyer in the United States, (ii) no directed selling efforts have been made in contravention of the requirements
of Rule 903(b) or Rule 904(b) of Regulation S under the Securities Act, (iii) the transaction is not part of a plan or scheme to evade the registration requirements of the Securities Act and (iv) if the proposed transfer is being made
prior to the expiration of the Restricted Period, the transfer is not being made to a U.S. Person or for the account or benefit of a U.S. Person (other than the Initial Purchaser). Upon consummation of the proposed transfer in accordance with the
terms of the Indenture, the transferred beneficial interest or Definitive Note will be subject to the restrictions on Transfer enumerated in the Private Placement Legend printed on the Regulation S Permanent Global Note, the Regulation S Temporary
Global Note and/or the Restricted Definitive Note and in the Indenture and the Securities Act. 

3. Check and
complete if Transferee will take delivery of a beneficial interest in a Restricted Definitive Note pursuant to any provision of the Securities Act other than Rule 144A or Regulation S. The Transfer is being effected in compliance with the
transfer restrictions applicable to beneficial interests in Restricted Global Notes and Restricted Definitive Notes and pursuant to and in accordance with the Securities Act and any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United
States, and accordingly the Transferor hereby further certifies that (check one): 

(a) such Transfer is being effected pursuant to
and in accordance with Rule 144 under the Securities Act; 

or 

(b) such Transfer is being effected to the Company or a Subsidiary thereof; 

or 

(c) such Transfer is
being effected pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and in compliance with the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act; 

or 

Exh B-2 

(d) such Transfer is being effected to an Institutional Accredited Investor and
pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act other than Rule 144A, Rule 144, Rule 903 or Rule 904, and the Transferor hereby further certifies that it has not engaged in any general solicitation within the
meaning of Regulation D under the Securities Act and the Transfer complies with the transfer restrictions applicable to beneficial interests in a Restricted Global Note or Restricted Definitive Notes and the requirements of the exemption claimed,
which certification is supported by (1) a certificate executed by the Transferee in the form of Exhibit D to the Indenture and (2) an Opinion of Counsel provided by the Transferor or the Transferee (a copy of which the Transferor has
attached to this certification), to the effect that such Transfer is in compliance with the Securities Act. Upon consummation of the proposed transfer in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, the transferred beneficial interest or Definitive
Note will be subject to the restrictions on transfer enumerated in the Private Placement Legend printed on the Restricted Definitive Notes and in the Indenture and the Securities Act. 

4. Check if Transferee will take delivery of a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note or of an Unrestricted Definitive
Note. 

(a) Check if Transfer is pursuant to Rule 144. (i) The Transfer is being effected pursuant to
and in accordance with Rule 144 under the Securities Act and in compliance with the transfer restrictions contained in the Indenture and any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States and (ii) the restrictions on
transfer contained in the Indenture and the Private Placement Legend are not required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act. Upon consummation of the proposed Transfer in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, the transferred
beneficial interest or Definitive Note will no longer be subject to the restrictions on transfer enumerated in the Private Placement Legend printed on the Restricted Global Notes, on Restricted Definitive Notes and in the Indenture. 

(b) Check if Transfer is Pursuant to Regulation S. (i) The Transfer is being effected pursuant to and
in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 under the Securities Act and in compliance with the transfer restrictions contained in the Indenture and any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States and (ii) the restrictions
on transfer contained in the Indenture and the Private Placement Legend are not required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act. Upon consummation of the proposed Transfer in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, the
transferred beneficial interest or Definitive Note will no longer be subject to the restrictions on transfer enumerated in the Private Placement Legend printed on the Restricted Global Notes, on Restricted Definitive Notes and in the Indenture. 

(c) Check if Transfer is Pursuant to Other Exemption. (i) The Transfer is being effected pursuant to
and in compliance with an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act other than Rule 144, Rule 903 or Rule 904 and in compliance with the transfer restrictions contained in the Indenture and any applicable blue sky securities
laws of any State of the United States and (ii) the restrictions on transfer contained in the Indenture and the Private Placement Legend are not required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act. Upon consummation of the proposed
Transfer in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, the transferred beneficial interest or Definitive Note will not be subject to the restrictions on transfer enumerated in the Private Placement Legend printed on the Restricted Global Notes or
Restricted Definitive Notes and in the Indenture. 

This certificate and the statements contained herein are made for your benefit and the
benefit of the Company. 

Exh B-3 

[Insert
Name of Transferor]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Dated: __________________ 

Exh B-4 

ANNEX A TO CERTIFICATE OF TRANSFER 

1. The Transferor owns and proposes to transfer the following:

[CHECK ONE OF (a) OR (b)]

(a) a beneficial interest in the:

(i) 144A Global Note (CUSIP 00404A AQ2), or

(ii) Regulation S Global Note (CUSIP U00434 AJ6), or

(b) a Restricted Definitive Note.

2. After the Transfer the Transferee will hold:

[CHECK ONE]

(a) a beneficial interest in the:

(i) 144A Global Note (CUSIP 00404A AQ2), or

(ii) Regulation S Global Note (CUSIP U00434 AJ6), or

(iii) Unrestricted Global Note (CUSIP [ ]); or

(b) a Restricted Definitive Note; or

(c) an Unrestricted Definitive Note,

in accordance with the terms of the Indenture.

Exh B-5 

EXHIBIT C 

FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF EXCHANGE 

Acadia
Healthcare Company, Inc. 

6100 Tower Circle, Suite 1000 

Franklin, Tennessee 37067 

Attention: Brian Farley 

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association 

Global Corporate
Trust Services 

333 Commerce Street, Suite 900 

Nashville,
Tennessee 37201 

Facsimile No.: (615) 251-0737

Attention: Wally Jones, CTMC 

Re: 7.375% Senior
Notes due 2033 

(CUSIP [ ]) 

Reference is hereby made to the Indenture, dated as of March 10, 2025 (the Indenture), among Acadia Healthcare
Company, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), as issuer, the Guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings
given to them in the Indenture. 

_________ (the Owner) owns and proposes to exchange the Note[s] or interest in such
Note[s] specified herein, in the principal amount of $_________ in such Note[s] or interests (the Exchange). In connection with the Exchange, the Owner hereby certifies that: 

1. Exchange of Restricted Definitive Notes or Beneficial Interests in a Restricted Global Note for Unrestricted Definitive Notes or
Beneficial Interests in an Unrestricted Global Note

(a) Check if Exchange is from beneficial interest
in a Restricted Global Note to beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note. In connection with the Exchange of the Owners beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note for a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note
in an equal principal amount, the Owner hereby certifies (i) the beneficial interest is being acquired for the Owners own account without transfer, (ii) such Exchange has been effected in compliance with the transfer restrictions
applicable to the Global Notes and pursuant to and in accordance with the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), (iii) the restrictions on transfer contained in the Indenture and the Private Placement Legend are
not required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act and (iv) the beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note is being acquired in compliance with any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States.

Exh C-1 

(b) Check if Exchange is from beneficial interest in a
Restricted Global Note to Unrestricted Definitive Note. In connection with the Exchange of the Owners beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note for an Unrestricted Definitive Note, the Owner hereby certifies (i) the
Definitive Note is being acquired for the Owners own account without transfer, (ii) such Exchange has been effected in compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Restricted Global Notes and pursuant to and in accordance
with the Securities Act, (iii) the restrictions on transfer contained in the Indenture and the Private Placement Legend are not required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act and (iv) the Definitive Note is being acquired
in compliance with any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States. 

(c) Check if
Exchange is from Restricted Definitive Note to beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note. In connection with the Owners Exchange of a Restricted Definitive Note for a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note, the
Owner hereby certifies (i) the beneficial interest is being acquired for the Owners own account without transfer, (ii) such Exchange has been effected in compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to Restricted Definitive
Notes and pursuant to and in accordance with the Securities Act, (iii) the restrictions on transfer contained in the Indenture and the Private Placement Legend are not required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act and
(iv) the beneficial interest is being acquired in compliance with any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States. 

(d) Check if Exchange is from Restricted Definitive Note to Unrestricted Definitive Note. In connection
with the Owners Exchange of a Restricted Definitive Note for an Unrestricted Definitive Note, the Owner hereby certifies (i) the Unrestricted Definitive Note is being acquired for the Owners own account without transfer,
(ii) such Exchange has been effected in compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to Restricted Definitive Notes and pursuant to and in accordance with the Securities Act, (iii) the restrictions on transfer contained in the
Indenture and the Private Placement Legend are not required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act and (iv) the Unrestricted Definitive Note is being acquired in compliance with any applicable blue sky securities laws of any
state of the United States. 

2. Exchange of Restricted Definitive Notes or Beneficial Interests in Restricted Global Notes for Restricted
Definitive Notes or Beneficial Interests in Restricted Global Notes 

(a) Check if Exchange is from beneficial interest in a
Restricted GlobalNote to Restricted Definitive Note. In connection with the Exchange of the Owners beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note for a Restricted Definitive Note with an equal principal amount, the
Owner hereby certifies that the Restricted Definitive Note is being acquired for the Owners own account without transfer. Upon consummation of the proposed Exchange in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, the Restricted Definitive Note
issued will continue to be subject to the restrictions on transfer enumerated in the Private Placement Legend printed on the Restricted Definitive Note and in the Indenture and the Securities Act. 

(b) Check if Exchange is from Restricted Definitive Note to beneficial interest in a Restricted Global
Note. In connection with the Exchange of the Owners Restricted Definitive Note for a beneficial interest in the [CHECK ONE] 144A Global Note, Regulation S Global Note with an equal principal amount, the Owner hereby
certifies (i) the beneficial interest is being acquired for the Owners own account without transfer and (ii) such 

Exh C-2 

Exchange has been effected in compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Restricted Global Notes and pursuant to and in accordance with the Securities Act, and in compliance with
any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States. Upon consummation of the proposed Exchange in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, the beneficial interest issued will be subject to the restrictions on transfer
enumerated in the Private Placement Legend printed on the relevant Restricted Global Note and in the Indenture and the Securities Act. 

This certificate and the statements contained herein are made for your benefit and the benefit of the Company. 

[Insert
Name of Transferor]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Dated: __________________ 

Exh C-3 

EXHIBIT D 

FORM OF CERTIFICATE FROM 

ACQUIRING INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTOR 

Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. 

6100 Tower Circle, Suite 1000

Franklin, Tennessee 37067 

Attention: Brian Farley 

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association 

Global Corporate
Trust Services 

333 Commerce Street, Suite 900 

Nashville,
Tennessee 37201 

Facsimile No.: (615) 251-0737

Attention: Wally Jones, CTMC 

Re: 7.375% Senior
Notes due 2033 

Reference is hereby made to the Indenture, dated as of March 10, 2025 (the Indenture), among
Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), as issuer, the Guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have
the meanings given to them in the Indenture. 

In connection with our proposed purchase of $ aggregate
principal amount of: 

(a) a beneficial interest in a Global Note, or 

(b) a Definitive Note, 

we confirm that: 

1. We
understand that any subsequent transfer of the Notes or any interest therein is subject to certain restrictions and conditions set forth in the Indenture and the undersigned agrees to be bound by, and not to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the
Notes or any interest therein except in compliance with, such restrictions and conditions and the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). 

2. We understand that the offer and sale of the Notes have not been registered under the Securities Act, and that the Notes and any interest
therein may not be offered or sold except as permitted in the following sentence. We agree, on our own behalf and on behalf of any accounts for which we are acting as hereinafter stated, that if we should sell the Notes or any interest therein, we
will do so only (A) to the Company or any Subsidiary thereof, (B) in accordance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act to a qualified institutional buyer (as defined therein), (C) to an institutional accredited
investor (as defined below) that, prior to such transfer, furnishes (or has furnished on its behalf by a U.S. broker-dealer) to you and to the Company a signed letter substantially in the form of this
letter and an Opinion of Counsel in 

Exh D-1 

form reasonably acceptable to the Company to the effect that such transfer is in compliance with the Securities Act, (D) outside the United States in accordance with Rule 904 of Regulation S
under the Securities Act, (E) pursuant to the provisions of Rule 144 under the Securities Act or (F) pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, and we further agree to provide to any Person purchasing the
Definitive Note or beneficial interest in a Global Note from us in a transaction meeting the requirements of clauses (A) through (E) of this paragraph a notice advising such purchaser that resales thereof are restricted as stated herein. 

3. We understand that, on any proposed resale of the Notes or beneficial interest therein, we will be required to furnish to you and the
Company such certifications, legal opinions and other information as you and the Company may reasonably require to confirm that the proposed sale complies with the foregoing restrictions. We further understand that the Notes purchased by us will
bear a legend to the foregoing effect. 

4. We are an institutional accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3)
or (7) of Regulation D under the Securities Act) and have such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of our investment in the Notes, and we and any accounts for which we
are acting are each able to bear the economic risk of our or its investment. 

5. We are acquiring the Notes or beneficial interest therein
purchased by us for our own account or for one or more accounts (each of which is an institutional accredited investor) as to each of which we exercise sole investment discretion. 

You and the Company are entitled to rely upon this letter and are irrevocably authorized to produce this letter or a copy hereof to any
interested party in any administrative or legal proceedings or official inquiry with respect to the matters covered hereby. 

[Insert
Name of Transferor]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Dated: __________________ 

Exh D-2 

EXHIBIT E 

[FORM OF SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE 

TO BE DELIVERED BY SUBSEQUENT GUARANTORS] 

SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE (this Supplemental Indenture), dated as of ___________, among _________________________ (the
Guaranteeing Subsidiary), a subsidiary of Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. (or its permitted successor), a Delaware corporation (the Company), the Company, the other Guarantors (as defined in the Indenture
referred to herein) and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee under the Indenture referred to below (the Trustee). 

W I T N E S S E T H 

WHEREAS,
the Company has heretofore executed and delivered to the Trustee an indenture (the Indenture), dated as of March 10, 2025, providing for the issuance of 7.375% Senior Notes due 2033 (the Notes); 

WHEREAS, the Indenture provides that under certain circumstances the Guaranteeing Subsidiary shall execute and deliver to the Trustee a
supplemental indenture pursuant to which the Guaranteeing Subsidiary shall unconditionally guarantee all of the Companys obligations under the Notes and the Indenture on the terms and conditions set forth herein and under the Indenture (the
Note Guarantee); 

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 9.01 of the Indenture, the Trustee is authorized to execute and
deliver this Supplemental Indenture; and 

WHEREAS, all things necessary to make this Supplemental Indenture a valid indenture and
agreement according to its terms have been done. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the Guaranteeing Subsidiary, the Company, the other Guarantors and the Trustee mutually covenant and agree for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of the Notes as follows: 

1. CAPITALIZED TERMS. Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture. 

2. AGREEMENT TO GUARANTEE. 

(a)
Each Guaranteeing Subsidiary hereby becomes a party to the Indenture as a Guarantor and as such will have all of the rights and be subject to all of the obligations and agreements of a Guarantor under the Indenture, effective upon the execution and
delivery of this Supplemental Indenture. 

(b) The Guaranteeing Subsidiary hereby agrees to provide an unconditional Guarantee on the terms
and subject to the conditions set forth in the Note Guarantee and in the Indenture including but not limited to Article 10 thereof. 

Exh E-1 

3. NO RECOURSE AGAINST OTHERS. No director, officer, employee, incorporator or stockholder
of the Company or any Guarantor, as such, will have any liability for any obligations of the Company or the Guarantors under the Notes, this Indenture, the Note Guarantees or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations
or their creation. Each Holder of Notes by accepting a Note waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance of the Notes. The waiver may not be effective to waive liabilities under the
federal securities laws. 

4. NEW YORK LAW TO GOVERN. THE INTERNAL LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SHALL GOVERN AND BE USED TO CONSTRUE THIS
SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO APPLICABLE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW TO THE EXTENT THAT THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION WOULD BE REQUIRED THEREBY. 

5. COUNTERPARTS. The parties may sign any number of copies of this Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of
them together represent the same agreement. 

6. EFFECT OF HEADINGS. The Section headings herein are for convenience only and shall
not affect the construction hereof. 

7. THE TRUSTEE. The Trustee shall not be responsible in any manner whatsoever for or in respect of
the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture or for or in respect of the recitals contained herein, all of which recitals are made solely by the Guaranteeing Subsidiary, the other Guarantors and the Company. 

8. BENEFITS ACKNOWLEDGED. The Guaranteeing Subsidiarys Guarantee is subject to the terms and conditions in the Indenture. The
Guaranteeing Subsidiary acknowledges that it will receive direct and indirect benefits from the financing arrangements contemplated by the Indenture and this Supplemental Indenture and that the guarantee and waivers made by it pursuant to this
Guarantee are knowingly made in contemplation of such benefits. 

9. SUCCESSORS. All agreements of the Guaranteeing Subsidiary in this
Supplemental Indenture shall bind its successors, except as otherwise provided in the Indenture. All agreements of the Trustee in this Supplemental Indenture shall bind its successors. 

Exh E-2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly
executed and attested, all as of the date first above written. 

Dated: __________________ 

ACADIA HEALTHCARE COMPANY, INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

[GUARANTEEING SUBSIDIARY]

By: 

Name:

Title:

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee

By: 

Name:

Title:

Exh E-3 

EXHIBIT F 

CERTIFICATE OF BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP 

U.S. Bank
Trust Company, National Association 

Global Corporate Trust Services 

333 Commerce Street, Suite 900 

Nashville, Tennessee 37201 

Facsimile No.: (615) 251-0737

Attention: Wally Jones, CTMC 

Re: $550,000,000
aggregate principal amount of 7.375% Senior Notes due 2033 (the Notes) of Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. (the Company). 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

This is to certify that
based solely on certifications we have received in writing, by tested telex or by electronic transmission from institutions appearing in our records as persons being entitled to a portion of the principal amount of Notes represented by a Regulation
S Temporary Global Note issued under the Indenture, dated as of March 10, 2025, among the Company, the Guarantors named therein and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee, as supplemented, that as of the date hereof, $
principal amount of Notes represented by the Regulation S Temporary Global Note being submitted herewith for exchange is beneficially owned by persons that are either (i) non-U.S. persons (within the
meaning of Regulation S under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended) or (ii) U.S. persons that purchased the Notes in a transaction that did not require registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

We further certify that (i) we are not submitting herewith for exchange any portion of such Regulation S Temporary Global Note excepted
in such certifications and (ii) as of the date hereof we have not received any notification from any institution to the effect that the statements made by such institution with respect to any portion of such Regulation S Temporary Global Note
submitted herewith for exchange are no longer true and cannot be relied upon as of the date hereof. 

You and the Company are entitled to
rely upon this certificate and are irrevocably authorized to produce this certificate or a copy hereof to any interested party in any administrative or legal proceeding or official inquiry with respect to the matters covered hereby. 

Exh F-1 

Yours faithfully,

[Name of DTC Participant]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Address:

Dated: __________________ 

Exh F-2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d923379dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

ACADIA HEALTHCARE ANNOUNCES LAUNCH 

OF $500 MILLION SENIOR NOTES OFFERING 

FRANKLIN, Tenn. (March 5, 2025) Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. (NASDAQ: ACHC) (the Company or Acadia) announced today
that it has launched a private offering (the Offering) of $500 million in aggregate principal amount of senior notes due 2033 (the Notes), subject to market conditions and other considerations. 

The Company intends to use the proceeds from the Offering to prepay a portion of the outstanding borrowings under its existing senior secured revolving line
of credit. 

The Notes have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), any state securities laws or
the securities laws of any other jurisdiction, and may not be offered or sold in the United States, or for the benefit of U.S. persons, except pursuant to an applicable exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration
requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state securities or blue sky laws. Accordingly, the Notes are being offered only to persons reasonably believed to be qualified institutional buyers, as that term is defined under Rule
144A of the Securities Act, or outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act. 

A
confidential offering memorandum for the Offering of the Notes, dated as of today, is being made available to such eligible persons. The Offering is being conducted in accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in such
confidential offering memorandum. 

This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell, a solicitation to buy or an offer to purchase or sell any
securities. No offer, solicitation, purchase or sale will be made in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful. Any offer, or solicitation to buy, if at all, will be made only by means of a confidential offering
memorandum. 

About Acadia 

Acadia is a leading
provider of behavioral healthcare services across the United States. As of December 31, 2024, Acadia operated a network of 262 behavioral healthcare facilities with approximately 11,850 beds in 39 states and Puerto Rico. With approximately
25,500 employees serving more than 80,000 patients daily, Acadia is the largest stand-alone behavioral healthcare company in the U.S. Acadia provides behavioral healthcare services to its patients in a variety of settings, including inpatient
psychiatric hospitals, specialty treatment facilities, residential treatment centers and outpatient clinics. 

Forward-Looking Information 

This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including statements related to the Offering and the use of proceeds therefrom. Generally, words such as may, will, should, could, anticipate,
expect, intend, estimate, plan, continue, and believe or the negative of or other variation on these and other similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. These
forward-looking statements are made only as of the date of this press release. We do not undertake to update or revise the forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Forward-looking statements are
based on current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties, and our future results could differ significantly from those expressed or implied by our forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially
include, without limitation, (i) potential difficulties in successfully integrating the operations of acquired facilities or realizing the expected benefits 

and synergies of our facility expansions, acquisitions, joint ventures and de novo transactions; (ii) Acadias ability to add beds, expand services, enhance marketing programs and
improve efficiencies at its facilities; (iii) potential reductions in payments received by Acadia from government and commercial payors; (iv) the occurrence of patient incidents, governmental investigations, litigation and adverse
regulatory actions, which could adversely affect the price of our common stock and result in substantial payments and incremental regulatory burdens; (v) the risk that Acadia may not generate sufficient cash from operations to service its debt
and meet its working capital and capital expenditure requirements; (vi) potential disruptions to our information technology systems or a cybersecurity incident; (vii) potential operating difficulties, including, without limitation,
disruption to the U.S. economy and financial markets; (viii) reduced admissions and patient volumes; (ix) increased costs relating to labor, supply chain and other expenditures; (x) changes in competition and patient preferences; and
(xi) general economic or industry conditions that may prevent Acadia from realizing the expected benefits of its business strategies. These factors and others are more fully described in Acadias Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 and subsequent periodic reports and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Investor Contact: 

Patrick Feeley 

Senior Vice President, Investor Relations 

(615) 861-6000
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d923379dex992.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.2
<TEXT>
EX-99.2

Exhibit 99.2 

ACADIA HEALTHCARE ANNOUNCES PRICING 

OF $550 MILLION SENIOR NOTES DUE 2033 

FRANKLIN, Tenn. (March 6, 2025) Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. (NASDAQ: ACHC) (the Company or Acadia) announced today
the pricing of its private offering (the Offering) of $550 million in aggregate principal amount of 7.375% senior notes due 2033 (the Notes), which represents an increase of $50 million in aggregate principal amount from
its previous announcement. The Offering is expected to close on March 10, 2025. The closing of the Offering is subject to the satisfaction of customary closing and market conditions. 

The Company intends to use the proceeds from the Offering to prepay the outstanding borrowings under its existing senior secured revolving line of credit.

The Notes will bear interest at the rate of 7.375% per year. Interest on the Notes will be payable semi-annually in arrears on March 15 and
September 15 of each year, commencing on September 15, 2025. The Notes will mature on March 15, 2033. The Notes were offered at a price of 100.000% of the principal amount. 

The Notes have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), any state securities laws or the securities
laws of any other jurisdiction, and may not be offered or sold in the United States, or for the benefit of U.S. persons, except pursuant to an applicable exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the
Securities Act and applicable state securities or blue sky laws. Accordingly, the Notes were offered only to persons reasonably believed to be qualified institutional buyers, as that term is defined under Rule 144A of the Securities Act,
or outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act. 

A confidential offering memorandum
for the Offering of the Notes has been made available to such eligible persons. The Offering is being conducted in accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in such confidential offering memorandum. 

This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell, a solicitation to buy or an offer to purchase or sell any securities. No offer, solicitation,
purchase or sale will be made in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful. Any offer, or solicitation to buy, if at all, will be made only by means of a confidential offering memorandum. 

About Acadia 

Acadia is a leading provider of behavioral
healthcare services across the United States. As of December 31, 2024, Acadia operated a network of 262 behavioral healthcare facilities with approximately 11,850 beds in 39 states and Puerto Rico. With approximately 25,500 employees serving
more than 80,000 patients daily, Acadia is the largest stand-alone behavioral healthcare company in the U.S. Acadia provides behavioral healthcare services to its patients in a variety of settings, including inpatient psychiatric hospitals,
specialty treatment facilities, residential treatment centers and outpatient clinics. 

Forward-Looking Information 

This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including statements related to the Offering and the use of proceeds therefrom. Generally, words such as may, will, should, could, anticipate,
expect, intend, estimate, plan, continue, and believe or the negative of or other variation on these and other similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. These
forward-looking statements are made only as of the date of 

this press release. We do not undertake to update or revise the forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Forward-looking statements are
based on current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties, and our future results could differ significantly from those expressed or implied by our forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially
include, without limitation, (i) potential difficulties in successfully integrating the operations of acquired facilities or realizing the expected benefits and synergies of our facility expansions, acquisitions, joint ventures and de novo
transactions; (ii) Acadias ability to add beds, expand services, enhance marketing programs and improve efficiencies at its facilities; (iii) potential reductions in payments received by Acadia from government and commercial payors;
(iv) the occurrence of patient incidents, governmental investigations, litigation and adverse regulatory actions, which could adversely affect the price of our common stock and result in substantial payments and incremental regulatory burdens;
(v) the risk that Acadia may not generate sufficient cash from operations to service its debt and meet its working capital and capital expenditure requirements; (vi) potential disruptions to our information technology systems or a
cybersecurity incident; (vii) potential operating difficulties, including, without limitation, disruption to the U.S. economy and financial markets; (viii) reduced admissions and patient volumes; (ix) increased costs relating to
labor, supply chain and other expenditures; (x) changes in competition and patient preferences; and (xi) general economic or industry conditions that may prevent Acadia from realizing the expected benefits of its business strategies. These
factors and others are more fully described in Acadias Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 and subsequent periodic reports and other filings with the Securities and
Exchange Commission. 

Investor Contact: 

Patrick
Feeley 

Senior Vice President, Investor Relations 

(615) 861-6000
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>achc-20250305.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>achc-20250305_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>achc-20250305_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>g923379g0306073034532.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>g923379g0306073124721.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 05, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001520697

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 05, 2025

Entity Registrant Name Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-35331

Entity Tax Identification Number 45-2492228

Entity Address, Address Line One 6100 Tower Circle

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 1000

Entity Address, City or Town Franklin

Entity Address, State or Province TN

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 37067

City Area Code (615)

Local Phone Number 861-6000

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common stock, $0.01 par value per share

Trading Symbol ACHC

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.achc.com//20250305/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

achc-20250305.xsd 
achc-20250305_lab.xml 
achc-20250305_pre.xml 
d923379d8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-051083-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>d923379d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001520697 

2025-03-05 
2025-03-05 

false 
0001520697 
8-K 
2025-03-05 
Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. 
DE 
001-35331 
45-2492228 
6100 Tower Circle 
Suite 1000 
Franklin 
TN 
37067 
(615) 
861-6000 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, $0.01 par value per share 
ACHC 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>