<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-029186.txt : 20250407
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-029186.hdr.sgml : 20250407
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250407084824
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-029186
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250404
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250407
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250407

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Newsmax Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002026478
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TELEVISION BROADCASTING STATIONS [4833]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		EIN:				992600308
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42575
		FILM NUMBER:		25816479

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		750 PARK OF COMMERCE DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33487
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(561) 686-1165

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		750 PARK OF COMMERCE DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33487
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0237300-8k_newsmax.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000202647800020264782025-04-042025-04-04iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

April 4, 2025

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported)

NEWSMAX INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Florida 024-12567 99-2600308

(State or other jurisdiction 

of incorporation or organization) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification Number)

750 Park of Commerce Drive, Suite 100

Boca Raton, Florida33487

(Address of principal executive offices and zip
code)

(561) 686-1165

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligations of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Class B Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share NMAX New York Stock Exchange, LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth
company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

Standby Equity Purchase Agreement

On April 4, 2025, the Company entered into the
Standby Equity Purchase Agreement (SEPA) with YA II PN, LTD., a Cayman Islands exempt limited company (Yorkville).
Pursuant to the SEPA, the Company shall have the right, but not the obligation, to sell to Yorkville up to $1,200,000,000 of its Class
B common stock (Common Stock or shares), subject to certain limitations and conditions set forth in the SEPA,
from time to time during the term of the SEPA. Sales of shares to Yorkville under the SEPA, and the timing of any such sales, are at the
Companys option. In accordance with the Companys obligations under the SEPA, the Company is required to file a registration
statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) to register under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act) the resale by Yorkville of shares of Common Stock that the Company may elect, in its sole discretion,
to issue and sell to Yorkville, under the SEPA.

The Company does not have the right to commence
any sales of shares to Yorkville under the SEPA until the date on which all of the conditions to Yorkvilles purchase obligation
set forth in the SEPA have been satisfied, including that the registration statement covering such sales be declared effective by the
SEC and the final form of prospectus is filed with the SEC. Upon the satisfaction of the conditions to Yorkvilles purchase obligation
set forth in the SEPA, the Company may, from time to time, until the first day of the month following the 24-month period after the date
of the SEPA, direct Yorkville to purchase a specified amount of shares (each such sale, an Advance) by delivering written
notice to Yorkville (each, an Advance Notice).

The per share subscription price Yorkville will
pay for the shares will be either of the following, at the election of the Company:

(i) 97% of the VWAP (as defined below)
during the pricing period commencing upon receipt by Yorkville of an Advance Notice (or the next trading day if received after the close
of the market) and terminating at the close of market on such day; or

(ii) 97.25% of the lowest daily VWAP
during the three consecutive trading days commencing on (x) the trading day the Advance Notice is received by Yorkville if received prior
to 9:30 AM eastern time, or (y) the immediately succeeding trading day if received after 9:30 AM eastern time.

VWAP means, for any trading day
or specified period, the daily volume weighted average price of the Companys Common Stock for such date on the NYSE as reported
by Bloomberg L.P. There is no upper limit on the subscription price per share that Yorkville could be obligated to pay for the shares.

In the case of the election pursuant to clause
(i), if the total number of shares traded during the pricing period is less than the Volume Threshold, then the number of shares issued
and sold pursuant to such Advance Notice will be reduced to the greater of (A) 30% of the trading volume during such pricing period and
(B) the number of shares sold by Yorkville during the pricing period. The Volume Threshold is equal to the number of shares
requested by the Company in the Advance divided by 0.30.

In the case of the election pursuant to clause
(ii), the Company may set a minimum price, and if the VWAP on any trading day during the three-day pricing period is below such minimum
price, then for each such trading day, the requested Advance amount will be reduced by an amount equal to 33% of the original amount requested
in the Advance and such day will not be factored in to the determination of the price paid by Yorkville. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the SEPA permits Yorkville to sell shares on a day in which the VWAP is below the minimum price set by the Company, but Yorkville must
pay the Company 97.25% of such minimum price set by the Company multiplied by the number of shares sold.

The Company will control the timing and amount
of any sales of shares to Yorkville. Actual sales of shares to Yorkville under the SEPA will depend on a variety of factors to be determined
by the Company from time to time, which may include, among other things, market conditions, the trading price of the Companys Common
Stock and determinations by the Company as to the appropriate sources of funding for its business and operations.

1

Yorkville will not be obligated to subscribe to
any shares under the SEPA which, when aggregated with all other shares then beneficially owned by Yorkville and its affiliates (as calculated
pursuant to Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and Rule 13d-3 promulgated
thereunder), would result in the beneficial ownership by Yorkville and its affiliates to exceed 4.99% of the outstanding voting power
or number of the Companys Common Stock.

The net proceeds under the SEPA to the Company
will depend on the frequency and prices at which the Company sells shares to Yorkville. The Company expects that any proceeds received
by it from such sales to Yorkville will be used for working capital and general corporate purposes.

As consideration for Yorkvilles commitment
to purchase shares at the Companys direction upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the SEPA, the Company agreed
to pay Yorkville, (i) a structuring fee in the amount of $25,000 and (ii) a commitment fee in the form of $500,000 of shares (the Commitment
Shares) based on the VWAP on the date of the SEPA. The Commitment Shares are expected to be issued within three business days of
the date of the SEPA.

The SEPA contains customary representations, warranties,
conditions and indemnification obligations of the parties. The representations, warranties and covenants contained in such agreements
were made only for purposes of such agreements and as of specific dates, were solely for the benefit of the parties to such agreements
and may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties.

The Company shall not effect any sales under the
SEPA and Yorkville shall not have any obligation to purchase shares under the SEPA to the extent that after giving effect to such purchase
and sale the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock issued under the SEPA together with any shares of Common Stock issued in connection
with any other transactions that may be considered part of the same series of transactions, where the number of shares issued would exceed
the number of shares representing 19.99% of the Companys outstanding common stock (including the Companys Class A common
stock on as-converted basis). Thus, the Company may not have access to the right to sell the full $1,200,000,000 shares to Yorkville.

The Company does not know what the subscription
price for the shares will be and therefore cannot be certain as to the number of shares it might issue to Yorkville under the SEPA.

There are substantial risks to stockholders as
a result of the sale and issuance of shares to Yorkville under the SEPA. These risks include the potential for substantial dilution and
significant declines in the share price of the Companys securities. See Effect of Sales of Shares under the SEPA on Stockholders
below.

Advances of Shares Under the SEPA

Advances

The Company has the right, but not the obligation,
from time to time at its discretion, and up to an aggregate subscription amount of $1,200,000,000, to direct Yorkville to Advance a specified
maximum amount of shares by delivering an Advance Notice on any trading day. Each Advance may be up to such amount as is equal to 100%
of the average daily volume traded of the Companys Common Stock during the 5 trading days immediately prior to the date the Company
requests each Advance.

Conditions to Each Advance

Yorkvilles obligation to accept Advance
Notices that are timely delivered by the Company under the SEPA and to purchase shares in Advances under the SEPA, is subject to the satisfaction,
at the applicable date of delivery of an Advance Notice, of certain conditions, including:

the accuracy in all material respects of the representations and warranties of the Company included in the SEPA;

the registration statement that includes this prospectus (and any one or more additional registration statements filed with the SEC that include shares that may be issued and sold by the Company to Yorkville under the SEPA) having been declared effective under the Securities Act by the SEC, and the Company shall have filed with the SEC in a timely manner all reports, notices and other documents required under the Exchange Act and applicable SEC regulations; 

2

the Company having performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with all covenants, agreements and conditions required by the SEPA to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company;

the Company shall have obtained all permits and qualifications required by any applicable state for the offer and issuance of all the shares issuable pursuant to such Advance Notice or shall have the availability of exemptions therefrom. The issuance of such shares shall be legally permitted by all laws and regulations to which the Company is subject;

no condition, occurrence, state of facts or event constituting a Material Outside Event (as such term is defined in the SEPA) shall have occurred and be continuing;

no statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction that prohibits or directly, materially and adversely affects any of the transactions contemplated by the SEPA;

the shares are quoted for trading on the New York State Exchange (or another nationally recognized principal trading market) and all the shares issuable pursuant to such Advance Notice will be approved for trading on such exchange. The issuance of shares with respect to the applicable Advance Notice will not violate the shareholder approval requirements of the exchange; and

there shall be a sufficient number of authorized but unissued and otherwise unreserved shares of Common Stock for the issuance of all of the shares issuable pursuant to such Advance Notice.

Termination of the SEPA

Unless earlier terminated as provided in the SEPA,
the SEPA will terminate automatically on the earliest to occur of:

the 24-month anniversary of the date of the SEPA; and

the date on which Yorkville shall have purchased shares under the SEPA for an aggregate gross purchase price equal to $1,200,000,000;

The Company also has the right to terminate the
SEPA at any time, at no cost or penalty, upon five (5) trading days prior written notice to Yorkville, provided that there are
no outstanding Advance Notices under which the Company is to issue shares.

The Company and Yorkville may also agree to terminate
the SEPA by mutual written consent. Neither the Company nor Yorkville may assign or transfer their respective rights and obligations under
the SEPA, and no provision of the SEPA may be modified or waived by the Company or Yorkville other than by an instrument in writing signed
by both parties.

No Short-Selling by Yorkville

Yorkville has agreed that it and its affiliates
will not engage in any short sales during the term of the SEPA. The SEPA stipulates that Yorkville may sell our shares to be issued pursuant
to an Advance Notice, following receipt of the Advance Notice, but prior to receiving such shares and may sell other shares of Common
Stock acquired pursuant to the SEPA that Yorkville has continuously held from a prior date of acquisition.

Effect of Sales of Shares under the SEPA
on Stockholders

All shares that may be issued or sold by the Company
to Yorkville under the SEPA, when registered under the Securities Act for resale by Yorkville pursuant to an effective registration statement
are expected to be freely tradable. Such shares may be issued and sold by the Company to Yorkville from time to time at its discretion
over the term of the SEPA. The resale by Yorkville of a significant number of shares registered for resale at any given time, or the perception
that such sales may occur, could cause the market price of the Companys Common Stock to decline and to be highly volatile. Sales
of shares, if any, to Yorkville under the SEPA will depend upon market conditions and other factors to be determined by the Company. The
Company may ultimately decide to sell to Yorkville all, some or none of the shares that may be available to sell to Yorkville pursuant
to the SEPA.

3

If and when the Company elects to sell Shares
to Yorkville pursuant to the SEPA, Yorkville may resell all, some or none of such shares in its discretion and at different prices subject
to the terms of the SEPA. As a result, investors who purchase shares from Yorkville at different times will likely pay different prices
for those shares, and so may experience different levels of dilution and in some cases substantial dilution and different outcomes in
their investment results. Investors may experience a decline in the value of the shares they purchase from Yorkville as a result of future
sales made by the Company to Yorkville at prices lower than the prices such investors paid for their shares. In addition, if the Company
sells a substantial number of shares to Yorkville under the SEPA, or if investors expect that the Company will do so, the actual sales
of shares or the mere existence of the SEPA arrangement with Yorkville may make it more difficult for the Company to sell equity or equity-related
securities in the future at a desirable time and price.

Because the purchase price per share to be paid
by Yorkville for the shares that the Company may elect to sell to Yorkville under the SEPA, if any, will fluctuate based on the market
prices of the Companys Common Stock during the applicable Pricing Period (as defined in the SEPA), as of the date of this report,
the Company cannot reliably predict the number of shares that the Company will sell to Yorkville under the SEPA, the actual purchase price
per share to be paid by Yorkville for those shares, or the actual gross proceeds to be raised by the Company from those sales, if any.

The issuance, if any, of shares to Yorkville pursuant
to the SEPA will not affect the rights or privileges of our existing stockholders, except that the economic and voting interests of each
of our existing stockholders would be diluted. Although the number of shares that existing stockholders own would not decrease as a result
of sales, if any, under the SEPA, the shares owned by our existing stockholders would represent a smaller percentage of the Companys
total outstanding Common Stock after any such issuance.

The foregoing description of the SEPA is not complete
and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the SEPA, a copy of which is filed herewith as Exhibit 10.1 to this
Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

Forward-Looking Statements

This Current Report on Form 8-K
contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including but not limited
to statements regarding the amount of shares the Company may issue to Yorkville pursuant to the SEPA and the amount of proceeds to be
received by the Company from the sale of such shares and related matters. In addition, from time to time, we or our representatives may
make forward-looking statements orally or in writing. We base these forward-looking statements on our expectations and projections about
future events, which we derive from the information currently available to us. Such forward-looking statements relate to future events
or our future performance, including: our financial performance and projections; our growth in revenue and earnings; and our business
prospects and opportunities. Forward-looking statements can be identified by those that are not historical in nature, particularly those
that use terminology such as may, could, intend, should, expects,
anticipates, contemplates, estimates, believes, plans, projected,
predicts, potential, or hopes or the negative of these or similar terms. In evaluating these
forward-looking statements, various factors should be considered, including: our ability to change the direction of the Company; our ability
to keep pace with new technology and changing market needs; and the competitive environment of our business. These and other factors may
cause our actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement. Forward-looking statements are only predictions. The
forward-looking events discussed in this communication and other statements made from time to time by us or our representatives, may not
occur, and actual events and results may differ materially and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us. The Company
does not guarantee future results, performance or achievements. Moreover, neither we nor any other person assumes responsibility for the
accuracy or completeness of any of these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as predictions
of future events. We are under no duty to update any of these forward-looking statements after the date of this Current Report on Form
8-K to conform our prior statements to actual results or revised expectations, and we do not intend to do so. Factors that may cause actual
results to differ materially from current expectations include various factors beyond managements control, including but not limited
to changes in domestic and global general economic and macro-economic conditions and the volatility of the price of Common Stock that
may result from, among other things, comments by securities analysts or other third parties, including blogs, articles, message boards
and social and other media, large shareholders exiting their position in our Common Stock, any negative public perception of us, sales
of shares by Yorkville or other shares we previously registered for resale and/or uncertainties and factors set forth in the sections
entitled Risk Factors in the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the twelve months ended December 31, 2024, and
other filings the Company makes with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Nothing in this Current Report on Form 8-K should be regarded
as a representation by any person that the forward-looking statements set forth herein will be achieved or that any of the contemplated
results of such forward-looking statements will be achieved. Undue reliance should not be placed on forward-looking statements in this
Current Report on Form 8-K, which speak only as of the date they are made and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the cautionary
statements herein. The Company expressly disclaims any obligations or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any
forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in the Companys expectations with respect thereto or any change
in events, conditions, or circumstances on which any statement is based.

4

Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Securities

The
information contained above in Item 1.01 is incorporated herein by reference.

In
the Purchase Agreement, Yorkville represented to the Company, among other things, that it is an accredited investor (as
such term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D under the Securities Act). The securities being issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement
(including the Commitment Shares) are being issued and sold by the Company to Yorkville in reliance upon the exemptions from the registration
requirements of the Securities Act afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The Company is relying on this exemption from registration
in part on representations made by Yorkville in the Purchase Agreement.

Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure

On April 5, 2025, the Company issued a press release
(the Press Release) in connection with the entry into the SEPA. The foregoing description of the SEPA is subject to and
qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Press Release, a copy of which is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current
Report on Form 8-K.

The information furnished pursuant to this Item
7.01, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject
to the liabilities of that section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities
Act, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.

Item 9.01 - Financial Statements and Exhibits

(d) The following exhibits are being filed herewith:

Exhibit No. Description

10.1 Standby Equity Purchase Agreement, dated April 4, 2025, by and between Newsmax Inc. and YA II PN, Ltd.

99.1 Press Release, dated April 5, 2024

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

5

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly
authorized.

Dated: April 7, 2025

Newsmax Inc. 

By: /s/ Darryle Burnham 

Name: Darryle Burnham 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023730001ex10-1_newsmax.htm
<DESCRIPTION>STANDBY EQUITY PURCHASE AGREEMENT, DATED APRIL 4, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN NEWSMAX INC. AND YA II PN, LTD
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

STANDBY EQUITY PURCHASE AGREEMENT

THIS STANDBY EQUITY PURCHASE
AGREEMENT (this Agreement) dated as of April 4, 2025 is made by and between YA II PN, LTD., a Cayman Islands
exempt limited company (the Investor), and NEWSMAX INC., a company incorporated under the laws of the State
of Florida (the Company). The Investor and the Company may be referred to herein individually as a Party
and collectively as the Parties.

WHEREAS, the Parties
desire that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions contained herein, the Company shall have the right to issue and sell to the
Investor, from time to time as provided herein, and the Investor shall purchase from the Company, up to $1.2 Billion of the Companys
shares of Class B Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Common Shares);

WHEREAS, the Common
Shares are listed for trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol NMAX;

WHEREAS, the offer
and sale of the Common Shares issuable hereunder will be made in reliance upon Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the Securities Act), or upon such other exemption from the
registration requirements of the Securities Act as may be available with respect to any or all of the transactions to be made hereunder;
and

WHEREAS, in consideration
of the Investors execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Company shall issue to the Investor the Commitment Shares pursuant
to and in accordance with Section 11.04.

NOW, THEREFORE,
the Parties hereto agree as follows:

Article I. Certain Definitions

Capitalized terms used in
this Agreement meanings ascribed to such terms in Annex I hereto, which is hereby made a part hereof, or as otherwise set forth in this
Agreement.

Article II. Advances

Section 2.01 Advances;
Mechanics. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, during the Commitment Period, the Company, at its sole
and exclusive discretion, shall have the right, but not the obligation, to issue and sell to the Investor, and the Investor shall purchase
from the Company, Advance Shares by the delivery to the Investor of Advance Notices on the following terms:

(a) Advance Notice. At any time during the Commitment Period the Company may require the Investor to
purchase Shares by delivering an Advance Notice to the Investor, subject to the satisfaction or waiver by the Investor of the conditions
set forth in Annex II hereto, and in accordance with the following provisions:

(i) The Company shall, in its sole discretion, select the number of Advance Shares, not to exceed the Maximum
Advance Amount (unless otherwise agreed to in writing by the Company and the Investor), it desires to issue and sell to the Investor in
each Advance Notice, the time it desires to deliver each Advance Notice, and the Pricing Period to be used.

(ii) There shall be no mandatory minimum Advances and there shall be no non-usage fee for not utilizing the
Commitment Amount or any part thereof.

(iii) Each Advance Notice must include an Advance Share Estimate, which unless otherwise agreed to by the Investor,
shall equal the number of Advance Shares requested in such Advance Notice and must be accompanied by irrevocable instructions to the Companys
transfer agent to immediately issue and deliver to the Investor an amount of Common Shares equal to the Advance Share Estimate.

(b) Promptly after issuing an Advance Notice to the Investor the Company will, or will cause its transfer
agent to, electronically transfer such number of Common Shares equal to the Advance Share Estimate (as set forth in the Advance Notice)
to be credited to the Investors account or its designees account at the Depository Trust Company through its Deposit Withdrawal
at Custodian System (or by such other means of delivery as may be mutually agreed upon by the Parties), and transmit notification to the
Investor that such share transfer has been requested. No fractional shares shall be issued, and any fractional amounts shall be rounded
to the next higher whole number of shares.

(i) To facilitate the transfer of the Common Shares by the Investor, the Common Shares will not bear any restrictive
legends so long as there is an effective Registration Statement covering the resale of such Common Shares (it being understood and agreed
by the Investor that notwithstanding the lack of restrictive legends, the Investor may only sell such Common Shares pursuant to the Plan
of Distribution set forth in the Prospectus included in the Registration Statement and otherwise in compliance with the requirements of
the Securities Act (including any applicable prospectus delivery requirements) or pursuant to an available exemption).

(ii) Notwithstanding Section 2.01(b), the certificate(s) or book-entry statement(s) representing the Commitment
Shares issued prior to the date the Registration Statement is declared effective by the SEC, shall bear a restrictive legend in substantially
the following form (and stop transfer instructions may be placed against transfer of such shares):

THE SECURITIES
REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES
HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION
STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO
AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT.

- 2 -

(c) Date of Delivery of Advance Notice. Advance Notices shall be delivered in accordance with the instructions
set forth on the bottom of Exhibit A attached hereto. An Advance Notice selecting an Option 1 Pricing Period shall be deemed delivered
on (A) the day it is received by the Investor if such notice is received prior to 4:00 p.m. on a Trading Day, or (B) the next Trading
Day if received by the Investor on or after 4:00 p.m. on a Trading Day or at any time on a day that is not a Trading Day. An Advance Notice
selecting an Option 2 Pricing Period shall be deemed delivered on (i) the day it is received by the Investor if such notice is received
by e-mail at or before 9:30 a.m. New York City time (or at such later time if agreed to by the Investor in its sole discretion), or (ii)
the immediately succeeding day if it is received by e-mail after 9:30 a.m. New York City time. Upon receipt of an Advance Notice, the
Investor shall promptly provide written confirmation (which may be by e-mail) of receipt of such Advance Notice, and which confirmation
shall specify the commencement time of the applicable Pricing Period.

(d) Advance Limitations, Regulatory. Regardless of the number of Advance Shares requested by the Company
in an Advance Notice, the final number of Advance Shares to be issued and sold pursuant to such Advance Notice shall be reduced (if at
all) in accordance with each of the following limitations:

(i) Ownership Limitation; Commitment Amount. At the request of the Company, the Investor shall inform
the Company of the number of Common Shares the Investor and each of its Affiliates beneficially owns. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary contained in this Agreement, the Investor shall not be obligated to purchase or acquire, and shall not purchase or acquire, any
Common Shares under this Agreement which, when aggregated with all other Common Shares beneficially owned by the Investor and its Affiliates
(as calculated pursuant to Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and Rule 13d-3 promulgated thereunder), would result in the beneficial ownership
by the Investor and its Affiliates (on an aggregated basis) of a number of Common Shares exceeding 4.99% of the then outstanding voting
power or number of Common Shares (the Ownership Limitation). Upon the written request of the Investor, the Company
shall promptly (but no later than the next Business Day on which the transfer agent for the Common Shares is open for business) confirm
orally or in writing to the Investor the number of Common Shares then outstanding. Unless otherwise agreed by the Company and the Investor,
the Investor agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to sell most of the Advance Shares issued to it pursuant to any Advance hereunder
within a reasonable time following the date on which the Advance occurs, to the extent commercially practicable based on market conditions.
In connection with each Advance Notice delivered by the Company, any portion of an Advance that would (i) cause the Investor to exceed
the Ownership Limitation or (ii) cause the aggregate number of Shares issued and sold to the Investor hereunder to exceed the Commitment
Amount shall automatically be withdrawn with no further action required by the Company, and such Advance Notice shall be deemed automatically
modified to reduce the number of Advance Shares requested by an amount equal to such withdrawn portion; provided that in the event of
any such automatic withdrawal and automatic modification, the Investor will promptly notify the Company of such event.

- 3 -

(ii) Registration Limitation. In no event shall an Advance exceed the number of Common Shares registered
in respect of the transactions contemplated hereby under the Registration Statement then in effect (the Registration Limitation).
In connection with each Advance Notice, any portion of an Advance that would exceed the Registration Limitation shall automatically be
withdrawn with no further action required by the Company and such Advance Notice shall be deemed automatically modified to reduce the
aggregate amount of the requested Advance by an amount equal to such withdrawn portion in respect of such Advance Notice; provided that
in the event of any such automatic withdrawal and automatic modification, the Investor will promptly notify the Company of such event.

(iii) Compliance with Rules of Principal Market. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the
Company shall not effect any sales under this Agreement and the Investor shall not have the obligation to purchase Common Shares under
this Agreement to the extent (but only to the extent) that after giving effect to such purchase and sale the aggregate number of Common
Shares issued under this Agreement would exceed 19.99% of the voting power or number of shares of issued and outstanding common stock
of the Company as of the date of this Agreement, in each case calculated in accordance with the applicable rules of the Principal Market
(the Exchange Cap) provided further that, the Exchange Cap will not apply if (a) the Companys stockholders
have approved issuances in excess of the Exchange Cap in accordance with the rules of the Principal Market or (b) the Average Price of
all applicable sales of Shares hereunder equal or exceed the Minimum Price (as defined in Section 312.04 of the NYSE Listed Company Manual)
or (c) as to any Advance, the issuance of Advance Shares in respect of such Advance would be excluded from the Exchange Cap under the
rules of the Principal Market (or interpretive guidance provided by the Principal Market with respect thereto) in effect as of the date
of determination of whether this clause (c) applies. For avoidance of doubt, the Company may, but shall be under no obligation to, request
its stockholders to approve the issuance of Shares as contemplated by this Agreement; provided that, if stockholder approval is
not obtained in accordance with this Agreement, the Exchange Cap shall be applicable for all purposes of this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby at all times during the term of this Agreement. In connection with each Advance Notice, any portion of an Advance
that would exceed the Exchange Cap shall automatically be withdrawn with no further action required by the Company and such Advance Notice
shall be deemed automatically modified to reduce the aggregate amount of the requested Advance by an amount equal to such withdrawn portion
in respect of each Advance Notice.

- 4 -

(iv) Volume Threshold. In connection with an Advance Notice where the Company selects an Option 1 Pricing
Period, if the total number of Common Shares traded on the Principal Market during the applicable Pricing Period is less than the Volume
Threshold, then the number of Shares issued and sold pursuant to such Advance Notice shall be reduced to the greater of (a) 30%
of the trading volume of the Common Shares on the Principal Market during such Pricing Period as reported by Bloomberg L.P., and (b) the
number of Common Shares sold by the Investor during such Pricing Period.

(e) Minimum Acceptable Price.

(i) With respect to each Advance Notice selecting an Option 2 Pricing Period, the Company may notify the Investor
of the Minimum Acceptable Price with respect to such Advance by indicating a Minimum Acceptable Price on such Advance Notice. If no Minimum
Acceptable Price is specified in an Advance Notice, then no Minimum Acceptable Price shall be in effect in connection with such Advance.
Each Trading Day during an Option 2 Pricing Period for which (A) with respect to each Advance Notice with a Minimum Acceptable Price,
the VWAP of the Common Shares is below the Minimum Acceptable Price in effect with respect to such Advance Notice, or (B) there is no
VWAP (each such day, in the foregoing clauses (A) and (B), an Excluded Day), shall result in an automatic reduction
to the number of Advance Shares set forth in such Advance Notice by one third (1/3) (the resulting amount of each Advance being the Adjusted
Advance Amount), and each Excluded Day shall be excluded from the Option 2 Pricing Period for purposes of determining the Option
2 Market Price.

(ii) The total number of Advance Shares in respect of each Advance with any Excluded Day(s) (after reductions
have been made to arrive at the Adjusted Advance Amount) shall be automatically increased by such number of Common Shares (the Additional
Shares) equal to the greater of (a) the number of Common Shares sold by the Investor on such Excluded Day(s), if any, or (b)
such number of Common Shares elected to be subscribed for by the Investor, and the subscription price per share for each Additional Share
shall be equal to the Minimum Acceptable Price in effect with respect to such Advance Notice multiplied by 97.25%, provided that this
increase shall not cause the total number of Advance Shares to exceed the amount set forth in the applicable Advance Notice or any limitations
set forth in Section 2.01(c).

- 5 -

(f) Unconditional Contract. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, the Company and
the Investor acknowledge and agree that, upon the Investors receipt of a valid Advance Notice from the Company, the Parties shall
be deemed to have entered into an unconditional contract binding on both Parties for the purchase and sale of the applicable number of
Advance Shares pursuant to such Advance Notice in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and (i) subject to Applicable Laws and (ii) subject
to Section 3.09, the Investor may sell Common Shares during the Pricing Period for such Advance Notice (including with respect to any
Advance Shares subject to such Pricing Period).

Section 2.02 Closings.
The closing of each Advance and each sale and purchase of Advance Shares (each, a Closing) shall take place as
soon as practicable on or after each Advance Date in accordance with the procedures set forth below. The Parties acknowledge that
the Purchase Price is not known at the time the Advance Notice is delivered (at which time the Investor is irrevocably bound to
purchase Advance Shares) but shall be determined on each Closing based on the daily prices of the Common Shares that are the inputs
to the determination of the Purchase Price as set forth further below (provided that for the purposes of determining the daily VWAP
for any Trading Day, the Parties may use only a specified period withing a Trading Day upon mutual consent). In connection with each
Closing, the Company and the Investor shall fulfill each of its obligations as set forth below:

(a) On each Advance Date, the Investor shall deliver to the Company a written document, in the form attached
hereto as Exhibit B (each a Settlement Document), setting forth the final number of Advance Shares to be purchased
by the Investor (taking into account any adjustments pursuant to Section 2.01), the Market Price, the Purchase Price, the aggregate
proceeds to be paid by the Investor to the Company, and a report by Bloomberg, L.P. indicating the VWAP for each of the Trading Days during
the Pricing Period (or, if not reported on Bloomberg, L.P., another reporting service reasonably agreed to by the parties), in each case
in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

(b) Promptly upon issuance of the Settlement Document, and provided that the number of Common Shares equal
to the Advance Share Estimate have been received by the Investor, the Investor shall pay to the Company the aggregate purchase price of
the Shares (as set forth in the Settlement Document) in cash in immediately available funds to an account designated by the Company in
writing and transmit notification to the Company that such funds transfer has been requested. To the extent that the number of Common
Shares equal to the Advance Share Estimate with respect to an Advance that have been received by the Investor are less than the number
of Common Shares to be purchased by the Investor in respect of such Advance Notice (as set forth in the Settlement Document), promptly
after receipt of the Settlement Document with respect to such Advance (and, in any event, not later than one Trading Day after such receipt),
the Company will, or will cause its transfer agent to, electronically transfer such additional number of Common Shares to be purchased
by the Investor (as set forth in the Settlement Document) in excess of such number of common Shares equal to the Advance Share Estimate
with respect to such Advance that have been received by the Investor, by crediting the Investors account or its designees
account at the Depository Trust Company through its Deposit Withdrawal at Custodian System or by such other means of delivery as may be
mutually agreed upon by the parties hereto, and transmit notification to the Investor that such share transfer has been requested. No
fractional shares shall be issued, and any fractional shares that would otherwise be issued in connection with an Advance shall be rounded
to the next higher whole number of shares. To facilitate the transfer of the Common Shares by the Investor, the Common Shares will not
bear any restrictive legends so long as there is an effective Registration Statement covering the resale of such Common Shares (it being
understood and agreed by the Investor that notwithstanding the lack of restrictive legends, the Investor may only sell such Common Shares
pursuant to the Plan of Distribution set forth in the Prospectus included in the applicable Registration Statement and otherwise in compliance
with the requirements of the Securities Act (including any applicable prospectus delivery requirements) or pursuant to an available exemption).

- 6 -

(c) On or prior to the Advance Date, each of the Company and the Investor shall deliver to the other all documents,
instruments and writings expressly required to be delivered by either of them pursuant to this Agreement in order to implement and effect
the transactions contemplated herein.

(d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if on any day during the Pricing Period (i)
the Company notifies the Investor that a Material Outside Event has occurred, or (ii) the Company notifies the Investor of a Black Out
Period, the parties agree that the pending Advance shall end and the final number of Advance Shares to be purchased by the Investor at
the Closing for such Advance shall be equal to the number of Common Shares sold by the Investor during the applicable Pricing Period prior
to the notification from the Company of a Material Outside Event or Black Out Period.

(e) The Investor will promptly instruct the transfer agent to return to the Company any Shares issued pursuant
to the Advance Share Estimate that exceeds the number of Shares constituting the applicable Advance Shares the Investor purchases in connection
with an Advance Notice (such amount, the Excess Shares). Alternatively, if the Transfer Agent does not return the
Excess Shares to the Company in accordance with the Investors instructions, or if otherwise instructed in writing by the Company,
Investor may retain such Excess Shares (provided Investor will not be deemed to have purchased such Excess Shares, nor deemed to be the
beneficially owner of such Excess Shares), and such Excess Shares will be deemed pre-delivered Shares that will reduce the number of Shares
required to be delivered by the Company in accordance with this section on the next Advance Notice Date in connection with the next Advance
Notice; provided, however, that the Company shall have the right, upon delivery of written notice to the Investor at any
time, to request that the Investor return all or a portion of such Excess Shares to the Company.

- 7 -

Section 2.03 Hardship.
In the event the Company fails to perform its obligations as mandated in this Agreement after the Investors receipt of an
Advance Notice, the Company agrees that in addition to and in no way limiting the rights and obligations set forth in Article V
hereto and in addition to any other remedy to which the Investor is entitled at law or in equity, including, without limitation,
specific performance, it will hold the Investor harmless against any loss, claim, damage, or expense (including reasonable legal
fees and expenses), as incurred, arising out of or in connection with such default by the Company and acknowledges that irreparable
damage may occur in the event of any such default. It is accordingly agreed that the Investor shall be entitled to an injunction or
injunctions to prevent such breaches of this Agreement and to specifically enforce (subject to Applicable Laws and the rules of the
Principal Market), without the posting of a bond or other security, the terms and provisions of this Agreement.

Section 2.04 Completion
of Resale Pursuant to the Registration Statement. After the Investor has purchased the full Commitment Amount and has completed
the subsequent resale of the full Commitment Amount pursuant to the Registration Statement, the Investor will notify the Company in
writing (which may be by e-mail) that all subsequent resales are completed and the Company will be under no further obligation to
maintain the effectiveness of the Registration Statement.

Article III. Representations
and Warranties of the Investor

The Investor represents and
warrants to the Company, as of the date hereof, as of each Advance Notice Date and as of each Advance Date that:

Section 3.01 Organization
and Authorization. The Investor is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the Cayman Islands
and has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents to
which it is a party and to purchase or acquire the Shares in accordance with the terms hereof. The decision to invest and the
execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party by the Investor, the performance by the Investor of its
obligations hereunder and the consummation by the Investor of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized and
require no other proceedings on the part of the Investor. The undersigned has the right, power and authority to execute and deliver
the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and all other instruments on behalf of the Investor or its shareholders. This
Agreement and the Transaction Documents to which it is a party have been duly executed and delivered by the Investor and, assuming
the execution and delivery hereof and acceptance thereof by the Company, will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of
the Investor, enforceable against the Investor in accordance with its terms.

Section 3.02 Evaluation
of Risks. The Investor has such knowledge and experience in financial, tax and business matters as to be capable of evaluating
the merits and risks of, and bearing the economic risks entailed by, an investment in the Common Shares and of protecting its
interests in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby. The Investor acknowledges and agrees that its investment in the
Company involves a high degree of risk, and that the Investor may lose all or a part of its investment.

- 8 -

Section 3.03 No Legal,
Investment or Tax Advice from the Company. The Investor acknowledges that it had the opportunity to review the Transaction
Documents and the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents with its own legal counsel and investment and tax advisors.
The Investor is relying solely on such counsel and advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company or any of
the Companys representatives or agents for legal, tax, investment or other advice with respect to the Investors
acquisition of Common Shares hereunder, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the laws of any jurisdiction, and the
Investor acknowledges that the Investor may lose all or a part of its investment.

Section 3.04 Investment
Purpose. The Investor is acquiring the Common Shares for its own account, for investment purposes and not with a view towards,
or for resale in connection with, the public sale or distribution thereof, except pursuant to sales registered under or exempt from
the registration requirements of the Securities Act; provided, however, that by making the representations herein, the
Investor does not agree, or make any representation or warranty, to hold any of the Shares for any minimum or other specific term
and reserves the right to dispose of the Shares at any time in accordance with, or pursuant to, a Registration Statement filed
pursuant to this Agreement or an applicable exemption under the Securities Act. The Investor does not presently have any agreement
or understanding, directly or indirectly, with any Person to sell or distribute any of the Shares. The
Investor acknowledges that it will be disclosed as an underwriter and a selling stockholder in each
Registration Statement and in any prospectus contained therein to the extent required by applicable law and to the extent the
prospectus is related to the resale of Registrable Securities.

Section 3.05 Accredited
Investor. The Investor is an Accredited Investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a)(3) of Regulation
D.

Section 3.06 Reliance
on Exemptions. The Investor understands that the Shares are being offered and sold to it in reliance on specific exemptions from
the registration requirements of United States federal and state securities laws and that the Company is relying in part upon the
truth and accuracy of, and the Investors compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and
understandings of the Investor set forth herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of the
Investor to acquire the Shares.

Section 3.07 Information.
The Investor and its advisors (and its counsel), if any, have been furnished with all materials relating to the business, finances
and operations of the Company and information the Investor deemed material to making an informed investment decision. The Investor
and its advisors (and its counsel), if any, have been afforded the opportunity to ask questions of the Company and its management
and have received answers to such questions. Neither such inquiries nor any other due diligence investigations conducted by such
Investor or its advisors (and its counsel), if any, or its representatives shall modify, amend or affect the Investors right
to rely on the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement. The Investor acknowledges and agrees that
the Company has not made to the Investor, and the Investor acknowledges and agrees it has not relied upon, any representations and
warranties of the Company, its employees or any third party other than the representations and warranties of the Company contained
in this Agreement. The Investor understands that its investment involves a high degree of risk. The Investor has sought such
accounting, legal and tax advice, as it has considered necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the
transactions contemplated hereby.

- 9 -

Section 3.08 Not an
Affiliate. The Investor is not an officer, director or a person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries,
controls or is controlled by, or is under common control with the Company or any Affiliate of the Company (as
that term is defined in Rule 405 promulgated under the Securities Act).

Section 3.09 No Prior
Short Sales. The Investor has not directly or indirectly, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding
with the Investor, engaged in any transactions in the securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any Short Sales (as such
term is defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO of the Exchange Act) involving the Companys securities) during the period commencing as
of the time that the term sheet was first signed by the Investor and the Company on April 2, 2025 regarding the specific investment in
the Company contemplated by this Agreement and ending immediately prior to the execution of this Agreement by the Investor.

Section 3.10 General
Solicitation. Neither the Investor, nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf, has engaged or will
engage in any form of general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Regulation D) in connection with any offer
or sale of the Common Shares by the Investor.

Article IV. Representations
and Warranties of the Company

Except as set forth in the
SEC Documents, the Company represents and warrants to the Investor, as of the date hereof, each Advance Notice Date and each Advance Date
(other than representations and warranties that address matters only as of a certain date, which shall be true and correct as written
as of such certain date), that:

Section 4.01 Organization
and Qualification. The Company is duly organized and validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of
organization, and has the requisite power and authority to own its properties and to carry on its business as now being conducted.
The Company is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing (to the extent applicable) in every jurisdiction in which the
nature of the business conducted by it makes such qualification necessary, except to the extent that the failure to be so qualified
or be in good standing has not had and would not be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material
Adverse Effect.

Section 4.02 Authorization,
Enforcement, Compliance with Other Instruments. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and
perform its obligations under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party and to issue the Shares in
accordance with the terms hereof and thereof. The execution and delivery by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction
Documents to which it is a party, and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby
(including, without limitation, the issuance of the Shares) have been or (with respect to consummation) will be duly authorized by
the Companys board of directors and no further consent or authorization will be required by the Company, its board of
directors or its shareholders. This Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which the Company is a party have been (or,
when executed and delivered, will be) duly executed and delivered by the Company and, assuming the execution and delivery thereof
and acceptance by the Investor, constitute (or, when duly executed and delivered, will be) the legal, valid and binding obligations
of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms, except as such enforceability may be
limited by general principles of equity or applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation or other laws
relating to, or affecting generally, the enforcement of applicable creditors rights and remedies and except as rights to
indemnification and to contribution may be limited by federal or state securities law.

- 10 -

Section 4.03 Authorization
of the Shares. The Shares to be issued under this Agreement have been, or with respect to Shares to be purchased by the Investor
pursuant to an Advance Notice, will be, when issued and delivered pursuant to the terms approved by the board of directors of the
Company or a duly authorized committee thereof, or a duly authorized executive committee, against payment therefor as provided
herein, duly and validly authorized and issued and fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of any pledge, lien, encumbrance,
security interest or other claim, including any statutory or contractual preemptive rights, resale rights, rights of first refusal
or other similar rights, and will be registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act. The Shares, when issued, will conform to
the description thereof set forth in or incorporated into the Prospectus.

Section 4.04 No
Conflict. The execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by the
Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including, without limitation, the issuance of the Common Shares) will
not (i) result in a violation of the articles of incorporation or other organizational documents of the Company or its Subsidiaries
(with respect to consummation, as the same may be amended prior to the date on which any of the transactions contemplated hereby are
consummated), (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a
default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or
instrument to which the Company or its Subsidiaries is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order,
judgment or decree (including federal and state securities laws and regulations) applicable to the Company or its Subsidiaries or by
which any property or asset of the Company or its Subsidiaries is bound or affected except, in the case of clause (ii) or (iii)
above, to the extent such violations have not had and would not be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a
Material Adverse Effect.

Section 4.05 SEC
Documents; Financial Statements. Since the Company has been subject to the requirements of Section 12 of the Exchange Act, the
Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by it with the SEC pursuant to
the Exchange Act, including, without limitation, the Current Report, each Registration Statement, as the same may be amended from
time to time, the Prospectus contained therein and each Prospectus Supplement thereto, and all information contained in such filings
and all documents and disclosures that have been or may in the future be incorporated by reference therein (all such documents
hereinafter referred to as the SEC Documents) and all such filings required to be filed within the last 12
months (or since the Company has been subject to the requirements of Section 12 of the Exchange Act, if shorter) have been made on a
timely basis (giving effect to permissible extensions in accordance with Rule 12b-25 under the Exchange Act). The Company has
delivered or made available to the Investor through the SECs website at http://www.sec.gov, true and complete copies of the
SEC Documents, as applicable. Except as disclosed in amendments or subsequent filings to the SEC Documents, as of its filing date
(or, if amended or superseded by a filing prior to the date hereof, on the date of such amended or superseded filing), each of the
SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act or the Securities Act, as applicable, and
the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to the SEC Documents, and did not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

- 11 -

Section 4.06 Financial
Statements. The consolidated financial statements of the Company included or incorporated by reference in the SEC Documents, together
with the related notes and schedules, present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company and
the Subsidiaries as of the dates indicated and the consolidated results of operations, cash flows and changes in stockholders equity
of the Company for the periods specified and have been prepared in compliance with the requirements of the Securities Act and Exchange
Act and in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (GAAP) applied on a consistent
basis (except for (i) such adjustments to accounting standards and practices as are noted therein, (ii) in the case of unaudited interim
financial statements, to the extent such financial statements may not include footnotes required by GAAP or may be condensed or summary
statements and (iii) such adjustments which are not material, either individually or in the aggregate) during the periods involved; the
other financial and statistical data with respect to the Company and the Subsidiaries contained or incorporated by reference in the SEC
Documents are accurately and fairly presented and prepared on a basis consistent with the financial statements and books and records of
the Company; there are no financial statements (historical or pro forma) that are required to be included or incorporated by reference
in the SEC Documents that are not included or incorporated by reference as required; the Company does not have any material liabilities
or obligations, direct or contingent (including any off-balance sheet obligations), not described in the SEC Documents (excluding the
exhibits thereto); and all disclosures contained or incorporated by reference in the SEC Documents regarding non-GAAP financial
measures (as such term is defined by the rules and regulations of the SEC) comply in all material respects with Regulation G of
the Exchange Act and Item 10 of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act, to the extent applicable. The interactive data in eXtensible
Business Reporting Language included or incorporated by reference in the SEC Documents fairly presents the information called for in all
material respects and has been prepared in accordance with the SECs rules and guidelines applicable thereto.

Section 4.07 Registration
Statement and Prospectus. Each Registration Statement and the offer and sale of Shares as contemplated hereby, if and when
filed, will meet the requirements of Rule 415 under the Securities Act and comply in all material respects with said Rule. Any
statutes, regulations, contracts or other documents that are required to be described in a Registration Statement or a Prospectus,
or any amendment or supplement thereto, or to be filed as exhibits to a Registration Statement have been so described or filed.
Copies of each Registration Statement, any Prospectus, and any such amendments or supplements thereto and all documents incorporated
by reference therein that were filed with the SEC on or prior to the date of this Agreement have been delivered, or are available
through EDGAR, to the Investor and its counsel. The Company has not distributed and, prior to the later to occur of each Advance
Date and completion of the distribution of the Shares, will not distribute any offering material in connection with the offering or
sale of the Shares other than a Registration Statement, the Prospectus contained therein, and any required prospectus supplement, in
each case as reviewed and consented to by the Investor, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or
conditioned.

- 12 -

Section 4.08 No
Misstatement or Omission. Each Registration Statement, when it became or becomes effective, and any Prospectus, on the date of
such Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto, conformed and will conform in all material respects with the requirements of
the Securities Act. At each Advance Notice Date and applicable Advance Date, the Registration Statement, and the Prospectus, as of
such date, will conform in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act. Each Registration Statement, when it
became or becomes effective, did not, and will not, contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. Each Prospectus did not, or will not,
include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light
of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The documents incorporated by reference in a Prospectus or any
Prospectus Supplement did not, and any further documents filed and incorporated by reference therein will not, when filed with the
SEC, contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated in such document or
necessary to make the statements in such document, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The
foregoing shall not apply to statements in, or omissions from, any such document made in reliance upon, and in conformity with,
information furnished to the Company by the Investor specifically for use in the preparation thereof.

Section 4.09 Conformity
with Securities Act and Exchange Act. Each Registration Statement, each Prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto, and
the documents incorporated by reference in each Registration Statement, Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto, when such
documents were or are filed with the SEC under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act or became or become effective under the
Securities Act, as the case may be, conformed or will conform in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act
and the Exchange Act, as applicable.

Section 4.10 Equity
Capitalization.

(a) As of the date hereof, the authorized capital of the Company consists of 100,000,000 shares, consisting
of: 50,000,000 shares of Clas A Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share (Class A Common Stock); 940,000,000 shares
of Class B Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share (collectively with Class A Common Stock, Common Stock);
and 10,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share (Preferred Stock). As of the date hereof,
the Company had 39,239,297 shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding and 88,949,358 shares of Class B Common Stock outstanding.

- 13 -

(b) The shares of Class B Common Stock are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act and are
currently listed on a Principal Market under the trading symbol NMAX. The Company has taken no action designed to, or likely
to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common Shares under the Exchange Act, delisting the Common Shares from the
Principal Market, nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission or the Principal Market is contemplating terminating
such registration or listing. To the Companys knowledge, it is in compliance with all applicable listing requirements of the Principal
Market.

(c) Existing Securities Obligations. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents: (A) none of the Companys
shares, interests or capital stock is subject to preemptive rights or any other similar rights or liens suffered or permitted by the Company
(B) there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever
relating to, or securities or rights convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for, any shares, interests or capital stock of the
Company, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company is or may become bound to issue additional shares,
interests or capital stock of the Company or options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever
relating to, or securities or rights convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for, any shares, interests or capital stock of the
Company (C) there are no agreements or arrangements under which the Company is obligated to register the sale of any of its securities
under the Securities Act (except pursuant to this Agreement) (D) there are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company
which contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the
Company is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company and (E) there are no securities or instruments containing anti-dilution
or similar provisions that will be triggered by the issuance of the Shares.

Section 4.11 Intellectual
Property Rights. The Company owns, possesses, licenses or has other adequate rights or licenses to use all material trademarks,
trade names, service marks, service mark registrations, service names, patents, patent rights, copyrights, inventions, licenses,
approvals, governmental authorizations, trade secrets and rights, if any, necessary to conduct their respective businesses as now
conducted, except as has not had and would not be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse
Effect. The Company has not received written notice of any infringement by the Company of trademark, trade name rights, patents,
patent rights, copyrights, inventions, licenses, service names, service marks, service mark registrations, or trade secrets, except
as has not had and would not be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. To the
knowledge of the Company, there is no claim, action or proceeding being made or brought against, or to the Companys
knowledge, being threatened against the Company regarding trademark, trade name, patents, patent rights, invention, copyright,
license, service names, service marks, service mark registrations, trade secret or other infringement; and, except as has not had
and would not be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, the Company is not aware
of any facts or circumstances which might give rise to any of the foregoing.

- 14 -

Section 4.12 Employee
Relations. The Company is not involved in any labor dispute nor, to the knowledge of the Company, has any such dispute threatened,
in each case which is reasonably likely to cause a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 4.13 Environmental
Laws. The Company (i) has not received written notice alleging any failure to comply in all material respects with all
Environmental Laws (as defined below), (ii) has received all permits, licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable
Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses and (iii) has not received written notice alleging any failure to comply
with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval, except, in each of the foregoing clauses (i), (ii) and (iii),
as has not had and would not be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. The term
Environmental Laws means all applicable federal, state and local laws relating to pollution or protection of
human health or the environment (including, without limitation, ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface
strata), including, without limitation, laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals,
pollutants, contaminants, or toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into
the environment, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or
handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands or demand letters, injunctions, judgments,
licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, permits, plans or regulations issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder.

Section 4.14 Title.
Except as has not had and would not be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, the
Company (or its Subsidiaries) has indefeasible fee simple or leasehold title to its properties and material assets owned by it, free
and clear of any pledge, lien, security interest, encumbrance, claim or equitable interest other than such as are not material to
the business of the Company. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and its Subsidiaries are held by them
under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with such exceptions as are not material and do not interfere with the use made and
proposed to be made of such property and buildings by the Company and its Subsidiaries.

Section 4.15 Insurance.
The Company is insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such amounts as
management of the Company believes to be prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company is engaged. The Company has no
reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain
similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business at a cost that would not be reasonably expected
to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 4.16 Regulatory
Permits. Except as has not had and would not be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material
Adverse Effect, the Company possesses all material certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate federal, state
or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to own their respective businesses, and the Company has not received any written notice
of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any such certificate, authorization or permits.

- 15 -

Section 4.17 Internal
Accounting Controls. The Company maintains a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that
(i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles and to maintain
asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization
and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is
taken with respect to any differences, and management is not aware of any material weaknesses that are not disclosed in the SEC Documents
as and when required.

Section 4.18 Absence of
Litigation. There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board, government
agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending against or affecting the Company, the Common Shares or any of the
Companys Subsidiaries, wherein an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding would have or be reasonably expected to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 4.19 Subsidiaries.
Other than Newsmax Media, Inc. (Newsmax Media), and Newsmax Medias wholly-owned subsidiaries, the
Company does not presently own or control, directly or indirectly, any interest in any other corporation, partnership, association
or other business entity.

Section 4.20 Tax
Status. The Company (i) has timely made or filed all foreign, federal and state income and all other tax returns, reports and
declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has timely paid all taxes and other governmental assessments
and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations, except those being
contested in good faith and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all taxes for periods
subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. The Company has not received written notification of
any unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the
Company and its Subsidiaries know of no basis for any such claim where the failure to pay would have or would be reasonably expected
to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 4.21 Certain
Transactions. Except as not required to be disclosed pursuant to Applicable Laws, none of the officers or directors of the
Company is presently a party to any transaction with the Company (other than for services as employees, officers and directors),
including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of
real or personal property to or from, or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer or director, or to the knowledge of the
Company, any corporation, partnership, trust or other entity in which any officer or director has a substantial interest or is an
officer, director, trustee or partner.

Section 4.22 Rights of
First Refusal. The Company is not obligated to offer the Common Shares offered hereunder on a right of first refusal basis or otherwise
to any third parties including, but not limited to, current or former shareholders of the Company, underwriters, brokers, agents or other
third parties.

- 16 -

Section 4.23 Dilution.
The Company is aware and acknowledges that issuance of Common Shares hereunder could cause dilution to existing shareholders and
could significantly increase the outstanding number of Common Shares.

Section 4.24 Acknowledgment
Regarding Investors Purchase of Shares. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Investor is acting solely in the
capacity of an arms length investor with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereunder. The Company
further acknowledges that the Investor is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity)
with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereunder and any advice given by the Investor or any of its
representatives or agents in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereunder is merely incidental to the
Investors purchase of the Shares hereunder. The Company is aware and acknowledges that it shall not be able to request
Advances under this Agreement if a Registration Statement is not effective or if any issuances of Common Shares pursuant to any
Advances would violate any rules of the Principal Market. The Company acknowledges and agrees that it is capable of evaluating and
understanding, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

Section 4.25 Finders
Fees. Neither the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries has incurred any liability for any finders fees, brokerage
commissions or similar payments in connection with the transactions herein contemplated. 

Section 4.26 Relationship
of the Parties. Neither the Company, nor any of its Subsidiaries, affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf is a
client or customer of the Investor or any of its affiliates and neither the Investor nor any of its affiliates has provided, or will
provide, any services to the Company or any of its affiliates, its subsidiaries, or any person acting on its or their behalf. The
Investors relationship to Company is solely as investor as provided for in the Transaction Documents. 

Section 4.27 Operations.
The operations of the Company have been conducted at all times in compliance with Applicable Law andneither
the Company nor the Subsidiaries, nor any director, officer, or employee of the Company nor, to the Companys knowledge, any
agent, affiliate or other person acting on behalf of the Company has, not complied with Applicable Law; and no action, suit or
proceeding by or before any governmental authority involving the Company with respect to Applicable Laws is pending or, to the
knowledge of the Company, threatened.

Section 4.28 Forward-Looking
Statements. Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, no
forward-looking statement (within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act) contained in
the Registration Statement or a Prospectus has been made or reaffirmed without a reasonable basis or has been disclosed other than
in good faith.

Section 4.29 Compliance
with Laws. The Company is in compliance with Applicable Law; the Company has not received a notice of non-compliance, nor knows
of, nor has reasonable grounds to know of, any activity which could give rise to a notice of non-compliance with Applicable Laws,
and is not aware of any pending change or contemplated change to any applicable law or regulation or governmental position; in each
case that would have or would be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

- 17 -

Section 4.30 Sanctions
Matters. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Company, any director, officer or controlled
Affiliate of the Company or any director or officer of any Subsidiary, is a Person that is, or is owned or controlled by a Person that
is (i) the subject of any sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of Treasurys Office of Foreign Asset Control
(OFAC), the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, His Majestys Treasury, or other relevant
sanctions authorities, including, without limitation, designation on OFACs Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List
or OFACs Foreign Sanctions Evaders List or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, Sanctions), or
(ii) located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of Sanctions that broadly prohibit dealings with
that country or territory (including, without limitation, the Crimea, Zaporizhzhia and Kherson regions of Ukraine, the Donetsk Peoples
Republic and Luhansk Peoples Republic in Ukraine, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Russia, Sudan and Syria (the Sanctioned Countries)).
Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries will, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds from the sale of Shares hereunder, or lend,
contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other Person (a) for the purpose
of funding or facilitating any activities or business of or with any Person or in any country or territory that, at the time of such funding
or facilitation, is the subject of Sanctions or is a Sanctioned Country, or (b) in any other manner that will result in a violation
of Sanctions or Applicable Laws by any Person (including any Person participating in the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
whether as underwriter, advisor, investor or otherwise). For the past five years, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has
engaged in, and is now not engaged in, any dealings or transactions with any Person, or in any country or territory, that at the time
of the dealing or transaction is or was the subject of Sanctions or was a Sanctioned Country. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
nor any director, officer or controlled Affiliate of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, has ever had funds blocked by a United States
bank or financial institution, temporarily or otherwise, as a result of OFAC concerns.

Section 4.31 General
Solicitation. Neither the Company, nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf, has engaged or will
engage in any form of general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Regulation D) in connection with the offer
or sale of the Common Shares.

Article V. Indemnification

The Investor and the Company
represent to the other the following with respect to itself:

Section 5.01 Indemnification
by the Company. In consideration of the Investors execution and delivery of this Agreement and acquiring the Shares
hereunder, and in addition to all of the Companys other obligations under this Agreement, the Company shall defend, protect,
indemnify and hold harmless the Investor, its investment manager, Yorkville Advisors Global, LP, and their respective Affiliates,
and each of the foregoings respective officers, directors, managers, members, partners, employees and agents (including,
without limitation, those retained in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) and each person who controls
any of the foregoing within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act (collectively, the
Investor Indemnitees) from and against any and all actions, causes of action, suits, claims, losses, costs,
penalties, fees, liabilities and damages, and reasonable and documented expenses in connection therewith (irrespective of whether
any such Investor Indemnitee is a party to the action for which indemnification hereunder is sought), and including reasonable and
documented out-of-pocket attorneys fees and disbursements (the Indemnified Liabilities), incurred by the
Investor Indemnitees or any of them as a result of, or arising out of, or relating to (a) any untrue statement or alleged untrue
statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement for the registration of the Shares as originally filed or in
any amendment thereof, or in any related prospectus, or in any amendment thereof or supplement thereto, or arise out of or are based
upon the omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the
statements therein not misleading; provided, however, that the Company will not be liable in any such case to the
extent that any such loss, claim, damage or liability arises out of or is based upon any such untrue statement or alleged untrue
statement or omission or alleged omission made therein in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the
Company by or on behalf of the Investor specifically for inclusion therein; (b) any material misrepresentation or breach of any
material representation or material warranty made by the Company in this Agreement or any other certificate, instrument or document
contemplated hereby or thereby; or (c) any material breach of any material covenant, material agreement or material obligation of
the Company contained in this Agreement or any other certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby. To the
extent that the foregoing undertaking by the Company may be unenforceable under Applicable Law, the Company shall make the maximum
contribution to the payment and satisfaction of each of the Indemnified Liabilities, which is permissible under Applicable Law.

- 18 -

Section 5.02 Indemnification
by the Investor. In consideration of the Companys execution and delivery of this Agreement, and in addition to all of the
Investors other obligations under this Agreement, the Investor shall defend, protect, indemnify and hold harmless the Company
and all of its officers, directors, shareholders, employees and agents (including, without limitation, those retained in connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) and each person who controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of
the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act (collectively, the Company Indemnitees) from and against
any and all Indemnified Liabilities incurred by the Company Indemnitees or any of them as a result of, or arising out of, or
relating to (a) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement for the
registration of the Shares as originally filed or in any amendment thereof, or in any related prospectus, or in any amendment
thereof or supplement thereto, or arise out of or are based upon the omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; provided, however, that the
Investor will only be liable for written information relating to the Investor furnished to the Company by or on behalf of the
Investor specifically for inclusion in the documents referred to in the foregoing indemnity, and will not be liable in any such case
to the extent that any such loss, claim, damage or liability arises out of or is based upon any such untrue statement or alleged
untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made therein in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished
to the Investor by or on behalf of the Company specifically for inclusion therein; (b) any misrepresentation or breach of any
representation or warranty made by the Investor in this Agreement or any instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby
executed by the Investor; or (c) any breach of any covenant, agreement or obligation of the Investor contained in this Agreement or
any other certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby executed by the Investor. To the extent that the
foregoing undertaking by the Investor may be unenforceable under Applicable Laws, the Investor shall make the maximum contribution
to the payment and satisfaction of each of the Indemnified Liabilities, which is permissible under Applicable Laws.

Section 5.03 Notice of
Claim. Promptly after receipt by an Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee of notice of the commencement of any action or proceeding
(including any governmental action or proceeding) involving an Indemnified Liability, such Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee,
as applicable, shall, if a claim for an Indemnified Liability in respect thereof is to be made against any indemnifying party under this
Article V, deliver to the indemnifying party a written notice of the commencement thereof; but the failure to so notify the indemnifying
party will not relieve it of liability under this Article V except to the extent the indemnifying party is prejudiced by such failure.
The indemnifying party shall have the right to participate in, and, to the extent the indemnifying party so desires, jointly with any
other indemnifying party similarly noticed, to assume control of the defense thereof with counsel mutually reasonably satisfactory to
the indemnifying party and the Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee, as the case may be; provided, however, that an Investor Indemnitee
or Company Indemnitee shall have the right to retain its own counsel with the actual and reasonable third party fees and expenses of not
more than one counsel for such Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee to be paid by the indemnifying party, if, in the reasonable opinion
of counsel retained by the indemnifying party, the representation by such counsel of the Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee and
the indemnifying party would be inappropriate due to actual or potential differing interests between such Investor Indemnitee or Company
Indemnitee and any other party represented by such counsel in such proceeding. The Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee shall cooperate
fully with the indemnifying party in connection with any negotiation or defense of any such action or claim by the indemnifying party
and shall furnish to the indemnifying party all information reasonably available to the Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee which
relates to such action or claim. The indemnifying party shall keep the Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee reasonably apprised as
to the status of the defense or any settlement negotiations with respect thereto. No indemnifying party shall be liable for any settlement
of any action, claim or proceeding effected without its prior written consent, provided, however, that the indemnifying party shall not
unreasonably withhold, delay or condition its consent. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of the Investor
Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee, consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement or other compromise which does not include
as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee of a release
from all liability in respect to such claim or litigation. Following indemnification as provided for hereunder, the indemnifying party
shall be subrogated to all rights of the Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee with respect to all third parties, firms or corporations
relating to the matter for which indemnification has been made. The indemnification required by this Article V shall be made by periodic
payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received and payment therefor
is due.

- 19 -

Section 5.04 Remedies.
The remedies provided for in this Article V are not exclusive and shall not limit any right or remedy which may be available to any
indemnified person at law or equity. The obligations of the parties to indemnify or make contribution under this Article V shall
survive expiration or termination of this Agreement.

Section 5.05 Limitation
of liability. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Party shall seek, nor shall any be entitled to recover from the other Party be
liable for, punitive or exemplary damages.

Article VI.
Covenants

The Company covenants with the
Investor, and the Investor covenants with the Company, as follows, which covenants of one party are for the benefit of the other party,
during the Commitment Period:

Section 6.01 Registration
Statement.

(a) Filing of a Registration Statement. The Company shall prepare and file with the SEC a Registration
Statement, or multiple Registration Statements for the resale by the Investor of the Registrable Securities. The Company in its sole discretion
may choose when to file such Registration Statements; provided, however, that the Company shall not have the ability to request
any Advances until the effectiveness of a Registration Statement.

(b) Maintaining a Registration Statement. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to
maintain the effectiveness of any Registration Statement that has been declared effective at all times during the Commitment Period, provided,
however, that if the Company has received notification pursuant to Section 2.04 that the Investor has completed resales of Shares pursuant
to the Registration Statement for the full Commitment Amount, then the Company shall be under no further obligation to maintain the effectiveness
of the Registration Statement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Company shall use commercially
reasonable efforts to ensure that, when filed, each Registration Statement (including, without limitation, all amendments and supplements
thereto) and the prospectus (including, without limitation, all amendments and supplements thereto) used in connection with such Registration
Statement shall not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein, or
necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of prospectuses, in the light of the circumstances in which they were made) not
misleading. During the Commitment Period, the Company shall notify the Investor promptly if (i) the Registration Statement shall cease
to be effective under the Securities Act, (ii) the Common Shares shall cease to be authorized for listing on the Principal Market, (iii)
the Common Shares cease to be registered under Section 12(b) or Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act or (iv) the Company fails to file
in a timely manner all reports and other documents required of it as a reporting company under the Exchange Act. During such time that
the Investor is informed that the Registration Statement is no longer effective, the Investor agrees not to sell any Common Shares pursuant
to such Registration Statement, but may sell shares pursuant to an exemption from registration, if available, subject to the Investors
compliance with Applicable Laws.

- 20 -

(c) Filing Procedures. The Company shall (A) permit counsel to the Investor an opportunity to
review and comment upon (i) each Registration Statement at least three (3) Trading Days prior to its filing with the SEC and
(ii) all amendments and supplements to each Registration Statement (including, without limitation, the Prospectus contained therein)
(except for Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and
any similar or successor reports or Prospectus Supplements the contents of which is limited to that set forth in such reports) within
a reasonable number of days prior to their filing with the SEC, (in each of which cases, if such document contains material non-public
information, the information provided to the Investor will be kept confidential until filed), and (B) shall reasonably consider any
comments of the Investor and its counsel on any such Registration Statement or amendment or supplement thereto or to any Prospectus contained
therein. The Company shall promptly furnish to the Investor, without charge, (i) electronic copies of any correspondence from the
SEC or the staff of the SEC to the Company or its representatives relating to each Registration Statement (which correspondence shall
be redacted to exclude any material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries), (ii) after the
same is prepared and filed with the SEC, one (1) electronic copy of each Registration Statement and any amendment(s) and supplement(s)
thereto, including, without limitation, financial statements and schedules, all documents incorporated therein by reference, if requested
by the Investor, and all exhibits and (iii) upon the effectiveness of each Registration Statement, one (1) electronic copy of
the Prospectus included in such Registration Statement and all amendments and supplements thereto; provided, however, the Company shall
not be required to furnish any document to the extent such document is available on EDGAR).

(d) Amendments and Other Filings. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to (i) prepare
and file with the SEC such amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements to a Registration Statement and the related
prospectus used in connection with such Registration Statement, which prospectus is to be filed pursuant to Rule 424 promulgated under
the Securities Act, as may be necessary to keep such Registration Statement effective at all times during the Commitment Period, and prepare
and file with the SEC such additional Registration Statements in order to register for resale under the Securities Act all of the Registrable
Securities; (ii) cause the related prospectus to be amended or supplemented by any required prospectus supplement (subject to the terms
of this Agreement), and as so supplemented or amended to be filed pursuant to Rule 424 promulgated under the Securities Act; (iii) provide
the Investor copies of all correspondence from and to the SEC relating to a Registration Statement (provided that the Company may excise
any information contained therein which would constitute material non-public information, and (iv) comply with the provisions of the Securities
Act with respect to the Registration Statement. In the case of amendments and supplements to a Registration Statement which are required
to be filed pursuant to this Agreement (including pursuant to this Section 6.01(d) by reason of the Companys filing a report on
Form 10-K, Form 10-Q, or Form 8-K or any analogous report under the Exchange Act, the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts
to file such report in a prospectus supplement filed pursuant to Rule 424 promulgated under the Securities Act to incorporate such filing
into the Registration Statement, if applicable, or shall use commercially reasonable efforts to file such amendments or supplements with
the SEC either on the day on which the Exchange Act report is filed which created the requirement for the Company to amend or supplement
the Registration Statement or otherwise promptly thereafter.

- 21 -

(e) Blue-Sky. The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to, if required by Applicable
Laws, (i) register and qualify the Common Shares covered by a Registration Statement under such other securities or blue sky
laws of such jurisdictions in the United States as the Investor reasonably requests, (ii) prepare and file in those jurisdictions,
such amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements to such registrations and qualifications as may be necessary to
maintain the effectiveness thereof during the Commitment Period, (iii) take such other actions as may be necessary to maintain such registrations
and qualifications in effect at all times during the Commitment Period, and (iv) take all other actions reasonably necessary or advisable
to qualify the Common Shares for sale in such jurisdictions; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required in connection therewith
or as a condition thereto to (w) make any change to its Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws or any other organizational documents of
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (x) qualify to do business in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to qualify
but for this Section 6.01(e), (y) subject itself to general taxation in any such jurisdiction, or (z) file a general consent to service
of process in any such jurisdiction. The Company shall promptly notify the Investor of the receipt by the Company of any notification
with respect to the suspension of the registration or qualification of any of the Common Shares for sale under the securities or blue
sky laws of any jurisdiction in the United States or its receipt of actual notice of the initiation or threat of any proceeding
for such purpose.

Section 6.02 Suspension
of Registration Statement.

(a) Establishment of a Black Out Period. During the Commitment Period, the Company from time to time
may suspend the use of the Registration Statement by written notice to the Investor in the event that the Company determines in good faith
that such suspension is necessary to (i) delay the disclosure of material non-public information concerning the Company, the disclosure
of which at the time is not, in the good faith opinion of the Company, in the best interests of the Company or (ii) amend or supplement
the Registration Statement or Prospectus so that such Registration Statement or Prospectus shall not include an untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of
the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading (a Black Out Period).

(b) No Sales by Investor During the Black Out Period. During such Black Out Period, the Investor agrees
not to sell any Common Shares of the Company pursuant to such Registration Statement, but may sell shares pursuant to an exemption from
registration, if available, subject to the Investors compliance with Applicable Laws.

(c) Limitations on the Black Out Period. The Company shall not impose any Black Out Period that is
longer than 30 days or in a manner that is more restrictive (including, without limitation, as to duration) than the comparable restrictions
that the Company may impose on transfers of the Companys equity securities by its directors and senior executive officers. In addition,
the Company shall not deliver any Advance Notice during any Black Out Period. If the public announcement of such material, nonpublic information
is made during a Black Out Period, the Black Out Period shall terminate immediately after such announcement, and the Company shall immediately
notify the Investor of the termination of the Black Out Period.

- 22 -

Section 6.03 Listing of
Common Shares. As of each Advance Notice Date and the relevant Advance Date, the Shares to be sold by the Company from time to
time hereunder will have been registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act and approved for listing on the Principal Market,
subject to official notice of issuance.

Section 6.04 Opinion of
Counsel. Prior to the date of the delivery by the Company of the first Advance Notice, the Investor shall have received an
opinion letter from counsel to the Company in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Investor.

Section 6.05 Exchange
Act Registration. The Company will file in a timely manner all reports and other documents required of it as a reporting company under
the Exchange Act and will not take any action or file any document (whether or not permitted by Exchange Act or the rules thereunder)
to terminate or suspend its reporting and filing obligations under the Exchange Act.

Section 6.06 Transfer
Agent Instructions. During the Commitment Period (or such shorter time as permitted by Section 2.04 of this Agreement) and
subject to Applicable Laws, the Company shall cause (including, if necessary, by causing legal counsel for the Company to deliver an
opinion) the transfer agent for the Common Shares to remove restrictive legends from Common Shares purchased by the Investor
pursuant to this Agreement, provided that counsel for the Company shall have been furnished with such documents as they may require
for the purpose of enabling them to render the opinions or make the statements requested by the transfer agent, or in order to
evidence the accuracy of any of the representations or warranties, or the fulfillment of any of the covenants, obligations or
conditions, contained herein.

Section 6.07 Corporate
Existence. The Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to preserve and continue the corporate existence of the Company
during the Commitment Period.

Section 6.08 Notice of
Certain Events Affecting Registration; Suspension of Right to Make an Advance. The Company will promptly notify the Investor, and
confirm in writing, upon its becoming aware of the occurrence of any of the following events in respect of a Registration Statement or
related Prospectus (in each of which cases, if the information constitutes material nonpublic information, the information provided to
Investor will be kept confidential until disclosed by the Company): (i) except for requests made in connection with SEC investigations
disclosed in the SEC Documents, receipt of any request for additional information by the SEC or any other Federal or state governmental
authority during the period of effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any request for amendments or supplements to the Registration
Statement or related Prospectus; (ii) the issuance by the SEC or any other Federal governmental authority of any stop order suspending
the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the initiation of any proceedings for that purpose; (iii) receipt of any notification
with respect to the suspension of the qualification or exemption from qualification of any of the Common Shares for sale in any jurisdiction
or the initiation or written threat of any proceeding for such purpose; (iv) the happening of any event that makes any statement made
in the Registration Statement or related Prospectus or any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference untrue
in any material respect or that requires the making of any changes in the Registration Statement, related Prospectus or documents so that,
in the case of the Registration Statement, it will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, and that in the case of the related Prospectus,
it will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, or of the necessity to amend
the Registration Statement or supplement a related Prospectus to comply with the Securities Act or any other law (and the Company will
promptly make available to the Investor any such supplement or amendment to the related Prospectus; provided, however, the Company shall
not be required to furnish any document to the extent such document is available on EDGAR); (v) the Companys reasonable determination
that a post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement would be required under Applicable Law; (vi) the Common Shares shall cease
to be authorized for listing on the Principal Market; or (vii) the Company fails to file in a timely manner all reports and other documents
required of it as a reporting company under the Exchange Act. The Company shall not deliver to the Investor any Advance Notice, and the
Company shall not sell any Shares pursuant to any pending Advance Notice (other than as required pursuant to Section 2.02(d)), during
the continuation of any of the foregoing events (each of the events described in the immediately preceding clauses (i) through (vii),
inclusive, a Material Outside Event).

- 23 -

Section 6.09 Consolidation.
If an Advance Notice has been delivered to the Investor, then the Company shall not effect any consolidation of the Company with or
into, or a transfer of all or substantially all the assets of the Company to another entity before the transaction contemplated in
such Advance Notice has been closed in accordance with Section 2.02 hereof, and all Shares in connection with such Advance have been
received by the Investor.

Section 6.10 Issuance
of the Companys Common Shares. The issuance and sale of the Common Shares hereunder shall be made in accordance with the provisions
and requirements of Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and any applicable state securities law.

Section 6.11 Expenses.
The Company, whether or not the transactions contemplated hereunder are consummated or this Agreement is terminated, will pay all
expenses incident to the performance of its obligations hereunder, including but not limited to (i) the preparation and filing of
the Registration Statement and each amendment and supplement thereto, of each Prospectus and of each amendment and supplement
thereto; (ii) the preparation, issuance and delivery of any Shares issued pursuant to this Agreement, (iii) all fees and
disbursements of the Companys counsel, accountants and other advisors (but not, for the avoidance doubt, the fees and
disbursements of Investors counsel, accountants and other advisors), (iv) the qualification of the Shares under securities
laws in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, including filing fees in connection therewith, (v) the delivery of copies
of any Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto requested by the Investor, (vi) the fees and expenses incurred in
connection with the listing or qualification of the Shares for trading on the Principal Market, and (vii) filing fees of the SEC and
the Principal Market.

Section 6.12 Current
Report. The Company shall, not later than 9:30 a.m., New York City time, on the first Business Day after the date of this
Agreement, file with the SEC a current report on Form 8-K describing all the material terms of the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents in the form required by the Exchange Act and attaching all the material Transaction
Documents (including any exhibits thereto, the Current Report). The Company shall provide the Investor and its
legal counsel a reasonable opportunity to comment on a draft of the Current Report including any exhibits to be filed related
thereto, as applicable, prior to filing the Current Report with the SEC and shall reasonably consider all such comments.
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company expressly agrees that from and after the filing of
the Current Report with the SEC, the Company shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information provided to the
Investor (or the Investors representatives or agents) by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective
officers, directors, employees, agents or representatives (if any) in connection with the transactions contemplated by the
Transaction Documents. The Company shall not, and the Company shall cause each of its Subsidiaries and each of its and their
respective officers, directors, employees and agents not to, provide the Investor with any material, non-public information
regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries without the express prior written consent of the Investor (which may be granted or
withheld in the Investors sole discretion and, if granted, must include an agreement to keep such information confidential
until publicly disclosed). Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company expressly agrees that
it shall publicly disclose in the Current Report or otherwise make publicly available any information communicated to the Investor
by or, to the knowledge of the Company, on behalf of the Company in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents, which, following the Effective Date would, if not so disclosed, constitute material, non-public information regarding the
Company or its Subsidiaries. The Company understands and confirms that the Investor will rely on the foregoing representations in
effecting resales of Shares. In addition, effective upon the filing of the Current Report, the Company acknowledges and agrees that
any and all confidentiality or similar obligations with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents under
any agreement, whether written or oral, between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors,
Affiliates, employees or agents, on the one hand, and Investor or any of its respective officers, directors, Affiliates, employees
or agents, on the other hand, shall terminate.

- 24 -

Section 6.13 Advance
Notice Limitation. The Company shall not deliver an Advance Notice if a shareholder meeting or corporate action, or the record
date for any shareholder meeting or any corporate action, would fall during the period beginning two Trading Days prior to the date
of delivery of such Advance Notice and ending two Trading Days following the Closing of such Advance.

Section 6.14 Use of
Proceeds. The proceeds from the sale of the Shares by the Company to Investor shall be used by the Company in the manner as will
be set forth in the Prospectus included in any Registration Statement (and any post-effective amendment thereto) and any Prospectus
Supplement thereto filed pursuant to this Agreement. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary will, directly or indirectly, use the
proceeds of the transactions contemplated herein, or lend, contribute, facilitate or otherwise make available such proceeds to
any Person (i) to fund, either directly or indirectly, any activities or business of or with any Person that is identified on the
list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocker Persons maintained by OFAC, or in any country or territory, that, at the time of
such funding, is, or whose government is, the subject of Sanctions or Sanctions Programs, or (ii) in any other manner that will
result in a violation of Sanctions or Applicable Laws.

Section 6.15 Compliance
with Laws. The Company shall comply in all material respects with all Applicable Laws.

Section 6.16 Market
Activities. Neither the Company, nor any Subsidiary, nor any of their respective officers, directors or controlling persons
will, directly or indirectly, (i) take any action designed to cause or result in, or that constitutes or might reasonably be
expected to constitute or result, in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the
sale or resale of Common Shares or (ii) sell, bid for, or purchase Common Shares in violation of Regulation M, or pay anyone
any compensation for soliciting purchases of the Shares.

Section 6.17 Trading
Information. Upon the Companys request, the Investor agrees to provide the Company with trading reports setting forth the
number and average sales prices of Common Shares sold by the Investor during the prior trading week.

Section 6.18 Selling Restrictions.
Except as expressly set forth below, the Investor covenants that from and after the date hereof through and including the Trading Day
next following the expiration or termination of this Agreement as provided in Section 9.01 (the Restricted Period),
none of the Investor, any of its officers, or any entity managed or controlled by the Investor (collectively, the Restricted
Persons and each of the foregoing is referred to herein as a Restricted Person) shall, directly or indirectly,
engage in any short sale (as such term is defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO of the Exchange Act) of the Common Shares,
either for its own principal account or for the principal account of any other Restricted Person. Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is
expressly understood and agreed that nothing contained herein shall (without implication that the contrary would otherwise be true) prohibit
any Restricted Person during the Restricted Period from: (1) selling long (as defined under Rule 200 promulgated under
Regulation SHO) any Common Shares; or (2) selling a number of Common Shares equal to the number of Advance Shares that such Restricted
Person is unconditionally obligated to purchase under a pending Advance Notice but has not yet received from the Company or the transfer
agent pursuant to this Agreement.

Section 6.19 Assignment.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns.
No Party shall have any power or any right to assign or transfer, in whole or in part, this Agreement, or any of its rights or any of
its obligations hereunder, including, without limitation, any right to pursue any claim for damages pursuant to this Agreement or the
transactions contemplated herein, or to pursue any claim for any breach or default of this Agreement, or any right arising from the purported
assignors due performance of its obligations hereunder, without the prior written consent of the other Party and any such purported
assignment in contravention of the provisions herein shall be null and void and of no force or effect. Without the consent of the Investor,
the Company shall not have the right to assign or transfer any of its rights or provide any third party the right to bind or obligate
the Company, to deliver Advance Notices or effect Advances hereunder.

- 25 -

Article VII. Non
Exclusive Agreement

Notwithstanding anything contained
herein, this Agreement and the rights awarded to the Investor hereunder are non-exclusive, and the Company may, at any time throughout
the term of this Agreement and thereafter, issue and allot, or undertake to issue and allot, any shares and/or securities and/or convertible
notes, bonds, debentures, options to acquire shares or other securities and/or other facilities which may be converted into or replaced
by Common Shares or other securities of the Company, and to extend, renew and/or recycle any bonds and/or debentures, and/or grant any
rights with respect to its existing and/or future share capital.

Article VIII. Choice
of Law/Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial

Section 8.01 This
Agreement, and any and all claims, proceedings or causes of action relating to this Agreement or arising from this Agreement or the
transactions contemplated herein, including, without limitation, tort claims, statutory claims and contract claims, shall be
interpreted, construed, governed and enforced under and solely in accordance with the substantive and procedural laws of the State
of New York, in each case as in effect from time to time and as the same may be amended from time to time, and as applied to
agreements performed wholly within the State of New York. The Parties further agree that any action between them shall be heard in
New York County, New York, and expressly consent to the jurisdiction and venue of the Supreme Court of New York, sitting in New York
County, New York and the United States District Court of the Southern District of New York, sitting in New York, New York, for the
adjudication of any civil action asserted pursuant to this Agreement.

Section 8.02 EACH PARTY
HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING
DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREIN, THE PERFORMANCE THEREOF OR
THE FINANCINGS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO
REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE
EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTY HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED
TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS PARAGRAPH.

- 26 -

Article IX. Termination

Section 9.01 Termination.

(a) Unless earlier terminated as provided hereunder, this Agreement shall terminate automatically on the earlier
of (i) the 24-month anniversary of the Effective Date and (ii) the date on which the Investor shall have made payment of Advances
pursuant to this Agreement for Common Shares equal to the Commitment Amount.

(b) The Company may terminate this Agreement effective upon five Trading Days prior written notice
to the Investor; provided that (i) there are no outstanding Advance Notices, the Advance Shares under which have yet to be issued, and
(ii) the Company has paid all amounts owed to the Investor pursuant to this Agreement. This Agreement may be terminated at any time by
the mutual written consent of the parties, effective as of the date of such mutual written consent unless otherwise provided in such written
consent.

(c) Nothing in this Section 9.01 shall be deemed to release the Company or the Investor from any liability
for any breach under this Agreement prior to the valid termination hereof, or to impair the rights of the Company and the Investor to
compel specific performance by the other party of its obligations under this Agreement prior to the valid termination hereof. The indemnification
provisions contained in Article V shall survive termination hereunder.

Article X. Notices

Other than with respect to
Advance Notices, which must be in writing delivered in accordance with Section 2.01(b) and will be deemed delivered on the day set forth
in Section 2.01(b), any notices, consents, waivers, or other communications required or permitted to be given under the terms of this
Agreement must be in writing and will be deemed to have been delivered (i) upon receipt, when delivered personally, (ii) upon receipt,
when sent by e-mail if sent on a Trading Day, or, if not sent on a Trading Day, on the immediately following Trading Day, (iii) 5 days
after being sent by U.S. certified mail, return receipt requested, or (iv) 1 day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight
delivery service, in each case properly addressed to the party to receive the same. The addresses and e-mail addresses for such communications
(except for Advance Notices which shall be delivered in accordance with Exhibit A attached hereto) shall be:

If to the Company, to: Newsmax Inc.

750 Park of Commerce Drive, Suite 100

Boca Raton, FL 33487

Attn: Darryle Burnham, Chief Financial Officer

E-mail: darryleb@newsmax.com

With copies (which shall not constitute notice or delivery of process) to: Sheppard Mullin Richter & Hampton LLP

30 Rockefeller Plaza

New York, NY 10112-0015

Attn: Ariel Yehezkel, Esq. and Alexander Schwartz, Esq.

E-mail: AYehezkel@sheppardmullin.com;

aschwartz@sheppardmullin.com 

If to the Investor: YA II PN, Ltd.

1012 Springfield Avenue

Mountainside, NJ 07092

Attn: Mark Angelo

E-mail: mangelo@yorkvilleadvisors.com 

With a copy (which shall not constitute notice or delivery of process) to: Yorkville Advisors Global - Legal Department

1012 Springfield Avenue

Mountainside, NJ 07092

E-mail: legal@yorkvilleadvisors.com 

or at such other address and/or e-mail and/or
to the attention of such other person as the recipient party has specified by written notice given to each other party three Business
Days prior to the effectiveness of such change. Written confirmation of receipt (i) given by the recipient of such notice, consent, waiver
or other communication, (ii) electronically generated by the senders email service provider containing the time, date, recipient
email address or (iii) provided by a nationally recognized overnight delivery service shall be rebuttable evidence of personal service
in accordance with clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above, respectively.

- 27 -

Article XI. Miscellaneous

Section 11.01 Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in identical counterparts, both which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become
effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party. Facsimile or other electronically scanned
and delivered signatures (including any electronic signature covered by the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions
Act, the Electronic Signatures and Records Act or other applicable law, e.g., www.docusign.com), including by e-mail attachment,
shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes of this Agreement.

Section 11.02 Entire Agreement;
Amendments. This Agreement supersedes all other prior oral or written agreements between the Investor, the Company, their respective
Affiliates and persons acting on their behalf with respect to the matters discussed herein, and this Agreement contains the entire understanding
of the parties with respect to the matters covered herein and, except as specifically set forth herein, neither the Company nor the Investor
makes any representation, warranty, covenant or undertaking with respect to such matters. No provision of this Agreement may be waived
or amended other than by agreement of the parties to this Agreement.

Section 11.03 Reporting
Entity for the Common Shares. The reporting entity relied upon for the determination of the trading price or trading volume of the
Common Shares on any given Trading Day for the purposes of this Agreement shall be Bloomberg, L.P. or any successor thereto. The written
mutual consent of the Investor and the Company shall be required to employ any other reporting entity.

Section 11.04 Commitment
and Structuring Fee. Each of the parties shall pay its own fees and expenses (including the fees of any attorneys, accountants,
appraisers or others engaged by such party) in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, except that the
Company has paid the Investor or its designee a structuring fee in the amount of $25,000 and, and the Company shall pay a commitment
fee in an amount equal to $500,000 (the Commitment Fee) by the issuance to the Investor within three Trading Days
of the Effective Date of such number of Common Shares that is equal to the Commitment Fee divided by the daily VWAP of the Common Shares
during the Trading Day immediately prior to the Effective Date (collectively, the Commitment Shares). The Commitment
Shares issued hereunder shall be included on the initial Registration Statement.

Section 11.05 Brokerage.
Each of the parties hereto represents that it has had no dealings in connection with this transaction with any finder or broker who will
demand payment of any fee or commission from the other party. The Company on the one hand, and the Investor, on the other hand, agree
to indemnify the other against and hold the other harmless from any and all liabilities to any person claiming brokerage commissions
or finders fees on account of services purported to have been rendered on behalf of the indemnifying party in connection with
this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

- 28 -

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the parties hereto have caused this Standby Equity Purchase Agreement to be executed by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, as
of the date first set forth above.

COMPANY:

Newsmax Inc.

By: /s/ Christopher Ruddy 

Name: Christopher Ruddy

Title: Chief Executive Officer

INVESTOR:

YA II PN, Ltd.

By: Yorkville Advisors Global, LP

Its: Investment Manager

By: Yorkville Advisors Global II, LLC 

Its: General Partner

By: /s/ Matt Beckman

Name: Matt Beckman

Title: Manager

- 29 -

ANNEX I

TO THE STANDBY EQUITY PURCHASE AGREEMENT

DEFINITIONS

Additional Shares
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.01(e)(ii).

Adjusted Advance
Amount shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.01(e)(i).

Advance
shall mean any issuance and sale of Advance Shares by the Company to the Investor pursuant to this Agreement.

Advance Date
shall mean the first Trading Day after expiration of the applicable Pricing Period for each Advance.

Advance Notice
shall mean a written notice in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto to the Investor executed by an officer of the Company and setting
forth the number of Advance Shares that the Company desires to issue and sell to the Investor.

Advance Notice Date
shall mean each date the Company is deemed to have delivered (in accordance with Section 2.01(b) of this Agreement) an Advance Notice
to the Investor, subject to the terms of this Agreement.

Advance Share Estimate
shall mean the number of Common Shares that the Company elects to sell to the Investor in an Advance Notice and which shall constitute
a good faith estimate of the number of Shares that the Investor shall have the obligation to purchase pursuant to such Advance Notice.

Advance Shares
shall mean the Common Shares that the Company shall issue and sell to the Investor pursuant to an Advance Notice delivered in accordance
with the terms of this Agreement.

Affiliate
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.08.

Agreement
shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.

Applicable Laws
shall mean all applicable laws, statutes, rules, regulations, orders, decrees, rulings, injunctions, executive orders, directives, policies,
guidelines and codes having the force of law, whether local, national, or international, as amended from time to time, including without
limitation (i) all applicable laws that relate to money laundering, terrorist financing, financial record keeping and reporting, (ii)
all applicable laws that relate to anti-bribery, anti-corruption, books and records and internal controls, including the United States
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, and (iii) any Sanctions laws.

Average Price
shall mean a price per Share equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the aggregate gross purchase price paid by the Investor for
all Shares purchased pursuant to this Agreement, by (ii) the aggregate number of Shares issued pursuant to this Agreement.

Black Out Period
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.02(a).

- 30 -

Business Day
shall mean any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day on which
banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by Applicable Law to close.

Closing
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.02.

Commitment Amount
shall mean $1.2 Billion of Common Shares.

Commitment Fee
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11.04.

Commitment Period
shall mean the period commencing on the Effective Date and expiring upon the date of termination of this Agreement in accordance with
Section 9.01.

Commitment Shares
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11.04.

Common Shares
shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals of this Agreement.

Company
shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.

Company Indemnitees
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.02.

Condition Satisfaction
Date shall have the meaning set forth in Annex II.

Current Report
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.12.

Daily Traded Amount
shall mean the daily trading volume of the Common Shares on the Principal Market during regular trading hours as reported by Bloomberg
L.P.

Effective Date
shall mean the date hereof.

Environmental Laws
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.13.

Exchange Act
shall mean the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exchange Cap
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.01(d)(iii).

Excluded Day
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.01(e)(i).

GAAP
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.06.

Hazardous Materials
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.13.

Indemnified Liabilities
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.01.

Investor
shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.

Investor Indemnitees
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.01.

- 31 -

Market Price
the Option 1 Market Price or the Option 2 Market Price, as applicable.

Material Adverse
Effect shall mean any event, occurrence or condition that has had or would reasonably be expected to have (i) a material adverse
effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated herein, (ii) a material adverse
effect on the results of operations, assets, business or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken
as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in any material respect on a timely basis its
obligations under this Agreement.

Material Outside
Event shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.08.

Maximum Advance
Amount in respect of each Advance Notice shall mean an amount equal to 100.0% of the average of the Daily Traded Amount during
the five consecutive Trading Days immediately preceding an Advance Notice.

Minimum Acceptable
Price or MAP shall mean the minimum price notified by the Company to the Investor in each Advance Notice,
if applicable.

OFAC
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.30.

Option 1 Market
Price shall mean the VWAP of the Common Shares during the Option 1 Pricing Period.

Option 2 Market
Price shall mean the lowest daily VWAP of the Common Shares during the Option 2 Pricing Period.

Option 1 Pricing
Period shall mean the period on the applicable Advance Notice Date with respect to an Advance Notice selecting an Option 1
Pricing Period commencing upon receipt by the Company of written confirmation (which may be by e-mail) of receipt of such Advance Notice
by the Investor, and which confirmation shall specify such commencement time, and ending on 4:00 p.m. New York City time on the same Trading
Day (unless otherwise agreed by the Parties), provided however, the Investor may delay the commencement of the Option 1 Pricing
Period until such time that the Investor has received confirmation that the transfer agent of the Company has credited the Investors
account (or its designees account) at the Depository Trust Company through its Deposit Withdrawal at Custodian System (or by such
other means of delivery as may be mutually agreed upon by the Parties) with a number of Common Shares equal to the Advance Share Estimate,
in which case such Option 1 Pricing Period shall commence upon receipt by the Company of written confirmation (which may be by e-mail)
of receipt of such Advance Share Estimate by the Investor, and which confirmation shall specify such commencement time.

Option 2 Pricing
Period shall mean the three consecutive Trading Days commencing on the Advance Notice Date, provided however, the Investor
may delay the commencement of the Option 2 Pricing Period until such time that the Investor has received confirmation that the transfer
agent of the Company has credited the Investors account (or its designees account) at the Depository Trust Company through
its Deposit Withdrawal at Custodian System (or by such other means of delivery as may be mutually agreed upon by the Parties) with a number
of Common Shares equal to the Advance Share Estimate, in which case such Option 2 Pricing Period shall commence upon receipt by the Company
of written confirmation (which may be by e-mail) of receipt of such Advance Share Estimate by the Investor, and which confirmation shall
specify such commencement time.

- 32 -

Ownership Limitation
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.01(d)(i).

Person
shall mean an individual, a corporation, a partnership, a limited liability company, a trust or other entity or organization, including
a government or political subdivision or an agency or instrumentality thereof.

Plan of Distribution
shall mean the section of a Registration Statement disclosing the plan of distribution of the Shares.

Pricing Period
shall mean the Option 1 Pricing Period or Option 2 Pricing Period, as applicable.

Principal Market
shall mean the New York Stock Exchange; provided however, that in the event the Common Shares are ever listed or traded on the Nasdaq
Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the Nasdaq Capital Market, or the NYSE American, then the Principal Market
shall mean such other market or exchange on which the Common Shares are then listed or traded to the extent such other market or exchange
is the principal trading market or exchange for the Common Shares.

Prospectus
shall mean any prospectus (including, without limitation, all amendments and supplements thereto) used by the Company in connection with
a Registration Statement.

Prospectus Supplement
shall mean any prospectus supplement to a Prospectus filed with the SEC from time to time pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities
Act, including the documents incorporated by reference therein, including, without limitation, any prospectus supplement to be filed in
accordance with Section 6.01 hereof.

Purchase Price
shall mean the price per Advance Share obtained by multiplying the Market Price by (i) 97% in respect of an Advance Notice with an Option
1 Pricing Period, and (ii) 97.25% in respect of an Advance Notice with an Option 2 Pricing Period.

Registrable Securities
shall mean (i) the Shares, and (ii) any securities issued or issuable with respect to the Shares by way of exchange, stock dividend or
stock split or in connection with a combination of shares, recapitalization, merger, consolidation or other reorganization or otherwise.

Registration Limitation
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.01(d)(ii).

Registration Statement
shall mean a registration statement on Form S-1 or Form S-3 or on such other form promulgated by the SEC for which the Company then qualifies
and which counsel for the Company shall deem appropriate, and which form shall be available for the registration of the resale by the
Investor of the Registrable Securities under the Securities Act, which registration statement provides for the resale from time to time
of the Shares as provided herein.

- 33 -

Regulation D
shall mean the provisions of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act.

Sanctions
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.30.

Sanctioned Countries
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.30.

SEC shall
mean the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

SEC Documents
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.05.

Securities Act
shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals of this Agreement.

Settlement Document
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.02(a).

Shares
shall mean the Commitment Shares and the Advance Shares to be issued from time to time hereunder pursuant to an Advance.

Subsidiaries
shall mean any Person in which the Company, directly or indirectly, (x) owns a majority of the outstanding capital stock or holds a majority
of the equity or similar interest of such Person or (y) controls or operates all or substantially all of the business, operations or administration
of such Person, and the foregoing are collectively referred to herein as Subsidiaries.

Trading Day
shall mean any day during which the Principal Market shall be open for business.

Transaction Documents
shall mean, collectively, this Agreement and each of the other agreements and instruments entered into or delivered by any of the parties
hereto in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, as may be amended from time to time.

Volume Threshold
shall mean a number of Common Shares equal to the quotient of (a) the number of Advance Shares requested by the Company in an Advance
Notice divided by (b) 0.30.

VWAP shall mean for any Trading
Day or specified period, the volume weighted average price of the Common Shares on the Principal Market, for such specified period as
reported by Bloomberg L.P. through its AQR function.

- 34 -

ANNEX II

TO THE STANDBY EQUITY PURCHASE AGREEMENT

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THE RIGTH OF THE COMPANY

TO DELIVERY AN ADVANCE NOTICE

The right of the Company to
deliver an Advance Notice and the obligations of the Investor hereunder with respect to an Advance are subject to the satisfaction or
waiver, on each Advance Notice Date (a Condition Satisfaction Date), of each of the following conditions:

(a) Accuracy of the Companys Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties
of the Company in this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the Advance Notice Date (except to the extent
such representations and warranties are as of another date, such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material
respects as of such other date).

(b) Issuance of Commitment Shares. The Company shall have issued the Commitment Shares to an
account designated by the Investor, in accordance with Section 11.04, all of which Commitment Shares shall be fully earned and non-refundable,
regardless of whether any Advance Notices are made or settled hereunder or any subsequent termination of this Agreement.

(c) Registration of the Common Shares with the SEC. There is an effective Registration Statement pursuant
to which the Investor is permitted to utilize the prospectus thereunder to resell all of the Common Shares issuable pursuant to such Advance
Notice. The Current Report shall have been filed with the SEC, and the Company shall have filed with the SEC in a timely manner all reports,
notices and other documents required under the Exchange Act and applicable SEC regulations during the twelve-month period immediately
preceding the applicable Condition Satisfaction Date.

(d) Authority. The Company shall have obtained all permits and qualifications required by any applicable
state for the offer and sale of all the Advance Shares issuable pursuant to such Advance Notice, or shall have the availability of exemptions
therefrom. The sale and issuance of such Advance Shares shall be legally permitted by all laws and regulations to which the Company is
subject.

(e) No Material Outside Event. No Material Outside Event shall have occurred and be continuing.

(f) Board. (I) The board of directors of the Company has approved the transactions contemplated by
the Transaction Documents, (II) such approval has not been amended, rescinded or modified and remains in full force and effect as of the
applicable Condition Satisfaction Date, and (III) a true, correct and complete copy of such resolutions duly adopted by the board of directors
of the Company shall have been provided to the Investor.

- 35 -

(g) Performance by the Company. The Company shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all respects
with all covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company at
or prior the applicable Condition Satisfaction Date.

(h) No Injunction. No statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall
have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction that prohibits or
materially and adversely affects any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(i) No Suspension of Trading in or Delisting of Common Shares. (I) Trading in the Common Shares shall
not have been suspended by the SEC, the Principal Market or FINRA, (II) the Company shall not have received any notice that the listing
or quotation of the Common Shares on the Principal Market shall be terminated, nor shall there have been imposed any suspension of, or
restriction on, accepting additional deposits of the Common Shares, electronic trading or book-entry services by DTC with respect to the
Common Shares that is continuing, (III) the Company shall not have received any notice from DTC to the effect that a suspension of, or
restriction on, accepting additional deposits of the Common Shares, electronic trading or book-entry services by DTC with respect to the
Common Shares is being imposed or is contemplated, and (IV) all of the Common Shares issuable pursuant to the applicable Advance Notice
shall be eligible for deposit at the brokerage account provided by the Investor for the delivery of such Common Shares.

(j) Authorized. All of the Common Shares issuable pursuant to the applicable Advance Notice shall have
been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action of the Company. All Common Shares relating to all prior Advance Notices required
to have been received by the Investor under this Agreement shall have been delivered to the Investor in accordance with this Agreement.

(k) Executed Advance Notice. The representations contained in the applicable Advance Notice shall be
true and correct in all material respects as of the applicable Condition Satisfaction Date.

(l) Consecutive Advance Notices. Except with respect to the first Advance Notice, the Company shall
have delivered all Advance Shares relating to all prior Advances.

- 36 -

EXHIBIT A

FORM OF ADVANCE NOTICE

NEWSMAX INC.

Dated: ______________ Advance Notice Number: ____ 

The
undersigned, _______________________, hereby certifies, with respect to the sale of shares of Class B Common Stock, par value $0.001
per share of NEWSMAX INC. (the Company) issuable in connection with this Advance Notice,
delivered pursuant to that certain Standby Equity Purchase Agreement, dated as of [____________], 2025 (the Agreement),
as follows (with capitalized terms used herein without definition having the same meanings as given to them in the Agreement): 

1. The
undersigned is the duly elected ______________ of the Company.

2. There
are no fundamental changes to the information set forth in the Registration Statement which that require the Company to file a post-effective
amendment to the Registration Statement.

3. The
Company has performed in all material respects all covenants and agreements to be performed by the Company contained in the Agreement
on or prior to the Advance Notice Date. All conditions to the delivery of this Advance Notice are satisfied as of the date hereof.

4. The
number of Advance Shares the Company is requesting is _____________________.

5. The
Advance Share Estimate with respect to this Advance Notice is ________________.

6. The
Pricing Period for this Advance shall be an (check one below):

Option
1 Pricing Period (1-Day)

Option 2
Pricing Period (3-Day)

7a. For Option 1 Pricing
Period Only: The Volume Threshold for this Advance shall be _________ (Number of Advance Shares in 4 above divided by 0.30).

7b. For Option 2 Pricing
Period Only: The Minimum Acceptable Price with respect to this Advance Notice is ____________ (if left blank then no Minimum
Acceptable Price will be applicable to this Advance).

8. The
number of Common Shares of the Company outstanding as of the date hereof is ___________.

The undersigned has executed
this Advance Notice as of the date first set forth above.

NEWSMAX INC.

By: 

Please deliver this Advance Notice by email to:

Email: Trading@yorkvilleadvisors.com

Attention: Trading Department and Compliance Officer

Confirmation Telephone Number: (201) 985-8300.

- 37 -

EXHIBIT B

FORM OF SETTLEMENT DOCUMENT

VIA EMAIL

[NEWSMAX INC.]

Attn: 

Email:

Below please find the settlement information with respect to the Advance Notice Date of: 

1.a. Number of Advance Shares requested in the Advance Notice 

1.b. Volume Threshold (Number of Common Shares in (1.a) divided by 0.30 

1.c. Number of Common Shares traded during Pricing Period 

2. Minimum Acceptable Price for this Advance (if any) 

3. Number of Excluded Days (if any) 

4. Adjusted Advance Amount (if applicable) (including pursuant to Volume Threshold adjustment) 

5. Option [1] / [2] Market Price 

6. Purchase Price (Market Price x [97% for Option 1 or 97.25% for Option 2]) per share 

7. Number of Advance Shares due to the Investor 

8. Total Purchase Price due to Company (row 6 x row 7) 

If there were any Excluded
Days then add the following

9. Number of Additional Shares to be issued to the Investor 

10. Additional amount to be paid to the Company by the Investor (Additional Shares in row 9 x Minimum Acceptable Price x 97.25%) 

11. Total Amount to be paid to the Company (Purchase Price in row 8 + additional amount in row 10) 

12. Total Advance Shares to be issued to the Investor (Advance Shares due to the Investor in row 7 + Additional Shares in row 9) 

- 38 -

Please issue the number of Advance
Shares due to the Investor to the account of the Investor as follows:

Investors
DTC participant #:

ACCOUNT NAME:

ACCOUNT NUMBER:

ADDRESS:

CITY:

COUNTRY:

Contact person:

Number and/or email:

Sincerely, 

YA II PN, LTD.

Agreed and approved by NEWSMAX INC.: 

Name: 

Title: 

- 39 -
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea023730001ex99-1_newsmax.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE, DATED APRIL 5, 2024
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Newsmax Enters into Standby Equity Purchase
Agreement of Up to $1.2 Billion With Yorkville Advisors

BOCA RATON, FL April 7, 2025 Newsmax Inc. (NYSE:
NMAX) (Newsmax or the Company) today announced that it has entered into a standby equity purchase
agreement (Purchase Agreement) with YA II PN, Ltd. (Yorkville).

As part of the Purchase Agreement, Newsmax has the option, but not
the obligation, to require Yorkville to purchase up to $1.2 billion of ordinary shares in Newsmax at any time during the term of the agreement,
subject to certain conditions and limitations. The Purchase Agreement has a term of 24 months.

We are thrilled by the investor response to our recent public
offering and this agreement provides Newsmax the flexibility to raise additional capital when needed, and we are focused on ensuring that
the terms of any future funding will be beneficial to the Company, said Christopher Ruddy, CEO of Newsmax, Inc.

While we are under no obligation to draw on the full amount,
this action allows us to maintain a strong balance sheet while adding liquidity to our shares over time. The new access to capital will
also provide our team with the flexibility to respond to new opportunities and challenges in an efficient manner as we continue to grow
Newsmax as the media landscape evolves.

For more information, please view the Form 8-K
filed with the SEC which can be found on Newsmaxs Investor Relations website at www.ir.newsmax.comand the SECs website at www.sec.gov.

About Newsmax

Newsmax Inc. is a holding company that owns 100% of the equity interests
of its operating company Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax Media, Inc., the parent company of Newsmax Broadcasting LLC, offers Americans independent
news. Since its founding in 1998 by award-winning journalist Christopher Ruddy, Newsmax has become a go-to place for Americans seeking
real news, insightful perspective and honest opinion.

Newsmax operates the Newsmax channel, now the fourth highest-rated
cable news channel, according to Nielsen, and is available on all major cable systems and OTT platforms.

Newsmaxs media properties reach more than 40 million Americans regularly
through the Newsmax channel, its free streaming channel Newsmax2, the Newsmax App and its streaming service Newsmax+, its website Newsmax.com,
and publications like Newsmax Magazine.

Forbes has called Newsmax a news powerhouse
and the Reuters Institute last year found that the network was one of the top 12 U.S. news brands.

Through its media outlets Newsmax champions a free press, one that
provides Americans with balanced coverage, diverse viewpoints, and open debates on the issues affecting their lives.

Newsmax Inc., based in Boca Raton, Fla., with offices in Washington,
D.C. and New York City, is headed by its CEO Christopher Ruddy.

For more information, please visit Investor Relations | Newsmax Media,
Inc.

About Yorkville

Yorkville Advisors is a global registered investment manager to a number
of private investment funds. Yorkville invests funds capital through customized structured debt and equity investments. Yorkvilles investment
criteria focuses on management teams, business fundamentals, and stock trading metrics. Yorkville funds have broad investment mandates
across many sectors and geographies. Yorkville funds are often the sole investor in a capital raise, allowing for a controlled and
disciplined exit strategy. Yorkvilles team has been providing growth and acquisition capital to public companies since 2001.

Investor Contacts

Newsmax Investor Relations

ir@newsmax.com

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS:

This communication contains forward-looking statements within the meaning
of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including but not limited to statements regarding the amount of proceeds to be
received by the Company from the sale of shares to Yorkville and related matters. In addition, from time to time, we or our representatives
may make forward-looking statements orally or in writing. We base these forward-looking statements on our expectations and projections
about future events, which we derive from the information currently available to us. Such forward-looking statements relate to future
events or our future performance, including: our financial performance and projections; our growth in revenue and earnings; and our business
prospects and opportunities. Forward-looking statements can be identified by those that are not historical in nature, particularly those
that use terminology such as may, could, intend, should, expects,
anticipates, contemplates, estimates, believes, plans, projected,
predicts, potential, or hopes or the negative of these or similar terms. In evaluating these
forward-looking statements, various factors should be considered, including: our ability to change the direction of the Company; our ability
to keep pace with new technology and changing market needs; and the competitive environment of our business. These and other factors may
cause our actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement. Forward-looking statements are only predictions. The
forward-looking events discussed in this communication and other statements made from time to time by us or our representatives, may not
occur, and actual events and results may differ materially and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us. The Company
does not guarantee future results, performance or achievements. Moreover, neither we nor any other person assumes responsibility for the
accuracy or completeness of any of these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as predictions
of future events. We are under no duty to update any of these forward-looking statements after the date of this communication to conform
our prior statements to actual results or revised expectations, and we do not intend to do so. Factors that may cause actual results to
differ materially from current expectations include various factors beyond managements control, including but not limited to changes
in domestic and global general economic and macro-economic conditions and the volatility of the price of Common Stock that may result
from, among other things, comments by securities analysts or other third parties, including blogs, articles, message boards and social
and other media, large shareholders exiting their position in our Common Stock, any negative public perception of us, sales of shares
by Yorkville or other shares we previously registered for resale and/or uncertainties and factors set forth in the sections entitled Risk
Factors in the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the twelve months ended December 31, 2024, and other filings the
Company makes with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Nothing in this communication should be regarded as a representation by any
person that the forward-looking statements set forth herein will be achieved or that any of the contemplated results of such forward-looking
statements will be achieved. Undue reliance should not be placed on forward-looking statements in this communication, which speak only
as of the date they are made and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the cautionary statements herein. The Company expressly
disclaims any obligations or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein
to reflect any change in the Companys expectations with respect thereto or any change in events, conditions, or circumstances on
which any statement is based.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>nmax-20250404.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>nmax-20250404_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>nmax-20250404_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 04, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 04, 2025

Entity File Number 024-12567

Entity Registrant Name NEWSMAX INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0002026478

Entity Tax Identification Number 99-2600308

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code FL

Entity Address, Address Line One 750 Park of Commerce Drive

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 100

Entity Address, City or Town Boca Raton

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 33487

City Area Code 561

Local Phone Number 686-1165

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Class B Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share

Trading Symbol NMAX

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://newsmaxinc.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0237300-8k_newsmax.htm 
nmax-20250404.xsd 
nmax-20250404_lab.xml 
nmax-20250404_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-029186-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>ea0237300-8k_newsmax_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0002026478 

2025-04-04 
2025-04-04 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0002026478 
8-K 
2025-04-04 
NEWSMAX INC. 
FL 
024-12567 
99-2600308 
750 Park of Commerce Drive 
Suite 100 
Boca Raton 
FL 
33487 
561 
686-1165 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class B Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share 
NMAX 
NYSE 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>