<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-007233.txt : 20250219
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-007233.hdr.sgml : 20250219
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250218185018
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-007233
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250218
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250219
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250218

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DIGITAL ALLY, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001342958
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RADIO & TV BROADCASTING & COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT [3663]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				200064269
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33899
		FILM NUMBER:		25636669

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14001 MARSHALL DRIVE
		CITY:			LENEXA
		STATE:			KS
		ZIP:			66215
		BUSINESS PHONE:		913-232-5349

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14001 MARSHALL DRIVE
		CITY:			LENEXA
		STATE:			KS
		ZIP:			66215

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DIGITAL ALLY INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20051031
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000134295800013429582025-02-182025-02-18iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

Form
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February
18, 2025 (February 13, 2025)

DIGITAL
ALLY, INC.

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)

Nevada 001-33899 20-0064269

(State
or other Jurisdiction (Commission (IRS
Employer

of
Incorporation) File
Number) Identification
No.)

6366 College Blvd.,Overland Park, KS66211

(Address
of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

(913)814-7774

(Registrants
telephone number, including area code)

14001
Marshall Drive, Lenexa, KS 66215

(Former
Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of exchange on which registered

Common
stock, $0.001 par value DGLY The
Nasdaq Capital Market

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) 

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) 

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) 

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On
February 13, 2025, Digital Ally, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company) entered into an underwriting agreement (the Underwriting
Agreement) with Aegis Capital Corp. (the Underwriter) for the sale and issuance of (i) 7,850,000 units (the Units)
at a public offering price per Unit of $0.15 with each Unit consisting of one share of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the
Company (Common Stock), one Series A warrant (Series A Warrant) to purchase one share of Common Stock at
an exercise price of $0.1875 per share and one Series B warrant to purchase one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of $0.30 (Series
B Warrant and, together with Series A Warrant, the Warrants); and (ii) 92,150,000 pre-funded units (the Pre-Funded
Units) at a public offering price of $0.149 per Pre-Funded Unit, with each Pre-Funded Unit consisting of one pre-funded warrant
(the Pre-Funded Warrants) exercisable for one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of $0.001 per share, one Series
A Warrant and one Series B Warrant. The Pre-Funded Warrants will be immediately exercisable and may be exercised at any time until all
of the Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised in full.

The
Warrants will be exercisable only upon receipt of stockholder approval (the Warrant Stockholder Approval) to approve
each of (i) certain terms in the Warrants and the issuance of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of such Warrants,
as may be required by the applicable rules and regulations of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC and (ii) if necessary, a proposal to amend
the Companys Articles of Incorporation, as amended, to increase the authorized share capital of the Company to an amount sufficient
to cover the shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of the Warrants. The Series A Warrants will be exercisable commencing
upon the date of public notice of the Warrant Stockholder Approval (the Warrant Stockholder Approval Date) until five years
after the Warrant Stockholder Approval Date, and the Series B Warrants will be exercisable commencing upon the Warrant Stockholder Approval
Date until two and one-half years after the Warrant Stockholder Approval Date.

The
offering closed on February 14, 2025. The net proceeds to the Company from the offering were approximately $13.48 million, after deducting
underwriters fees and the payment of other offering expenses associated with the offering payable by the Company. The Company
intends to use the net proceeds from the offering for working capital and other general corporate purposes, to pay amounts owed under
a short-term merchant advance and to pay in full the aggregate face value of senior secured promissory notes that were previously issued
as part of a private placement that the Company entered into with certain institutional investors on November 6, 2024.

The
Company granted the Underwriter an option to purchase additional shares of common stock and/or Warrants of (i) up to 15.0% of the number
of shares of Common Stock sold in the offering, (ii) up to 15.0% of the number of Series A Warrants sold in the offering and (iii) up
to 15.0% of the number of Series B Warrants sold in the offering. The Underwriter may exercise this option in whole or in part at any
time within forty-five calendar days after the date of the final prospectus relating to the offering. The Underwriter may exercise the
over-allotment option with respect to shares of Common Stock only, Warrants only, or any combination thereof. The purchase price to be
paid per additional share of Common Stock will be equal to the public offering price of one Unit (less $0.00001 allocated to each Warrant),
as applicable, less the underwriting discount, and the purchase price to be paid per over-allotment Warrant will be $0.00001. On February
14, 2025, the Underwriter exercised its over-allotment option with respect to 15,000,000 Series A Warrants and 15,000,000 Series B Warrants.

Aegis
Capital Corp. served as the sole book-running manager in the offering, pursuant to the terms of the Underwriting Agreement, and received
seven percent (7%) of the aggregate purchase price paid by investors in the offering, a one percent (1%) non-accountable expense and
reimbursement of the legal fees of its counsel.

The
Units and Pre-Funded Units were offered by the Company pursuant to an effective registration statement on Form S-1, as amended (File
No. 333-284448), which was originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on January 24, 2025,
and declared effective by the SEC on February 12, 2025. The final prospectus relating to the offering was filed with the SEC on February
13, 2025.

The
foregoing summary of the terms of the Pre-Funded Warrant, Series A Warrant, Series B Warrant and the Underwriting Agreement are subject
to and qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of such agreements, copies of which are filed as Exhibits 4.1, 4.2,
4.3 and 10.1 respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated herein by reference.

Item 8.01.Other Events.

On
February 14, 2025, Digital Ally, Inc. the Company issued a press release (the Press Release) announcing the closing of
the offering. A copy of the Press Release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this Report and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

Exhibit
No. Description

4.1 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant

4.2 Form of Series A Warrant

4.3 Form of Series B Warrant

10.1 

Form of Underwriting Agreement by and between Digital Ally, Inc. and Aegis Capital Corp.

99.1 Press Release issued by the Company on February 14, 2025

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

2

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date:
February 18, 2025

Digital
Ally, Inc.

By: /s/
Stanton E. Ross

Name: Stanton
E. Ross

Title: Chief
Executive Officer

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex4-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
4.1

REGISTERED
PRE-FUNDED WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK

DIGITAL
ALLY, INC.

Warrant
Shares: [] Initial
Exercise Date: February 14, 2025

Issuance
Date: February 14, 2025

THIS
PRE-FUNDED WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, []
or its assigns (the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the
conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time until this Warrant is exercised in full (the Termination Date),
to subscribe for and purchase from Digital Ally, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), up to []
shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares) of Common Stock. The purchase price of one
(1) share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2.2.

1.
Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant or in the Underwriting Agreement, the following
terms have the meanings indicated in this Section 1:

1.1.
Affiliate means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is
controlled by or is under common control with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

1.2.
Bid Price means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a)
if the Common Stock is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the
nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based
on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market,
the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable,
(c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported
on the Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price
per share of Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an
independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably
acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

1.3.
Board of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

1.4.
Business Day means a Calendar Day other than a Saturday, Sunday or any other Calendar Day which is a federal
legal holiday in the United States or any Calendar Day on which the commercial banks in the City of New York are required by law or other
governmental action to close, provided that the commercial banks in the City of New York shall not be deemed to be required to
be closed due to a stay at home, shelter in place , non-essential employee or similar orders
or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic
funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in the City of New York generally are open for use by customers
on such Calendar Day.

1.5.
Calendar Day means each and every day of the week (Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday and
Saturday).

1.6.
Commission means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

1.7.
Common Stock means the common stock of the Company, $0.001 par value per share, and any other class of securities
into which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

1.8.
Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the
holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant
or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof
to receive, Common Stock.

1.9.
Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder.

1.10.
Person means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association,
joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any
kind.

1.11.
Registration Statement means the Companys registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-284448).

1.12.
Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

1.13.
Subsidiary means any subsidiary of the Company and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect
subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof.

1.14.
Trading Day means a Calendar Day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

1.15.
Trading Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted
for trading on the date in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select
Market, the New York Stock Exchange, OTCQB or OTCQX (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

2

1.16.
Transfer Agent means Securities Transfer Corporation, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing
address of 2901 N. Dallas Pkwy, Ste 380, Plano, TX 75093, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

1.17.
Underwriting Agreement means the underwriting agreement, dated as of February 13, 2025, between the Company
and Aegis Capital Corp., as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with its terms.

1.18.
VWAP means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if
the Common Stock is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date
(or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P.
(based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading
Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable,
(c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported
on the Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price
per share of Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an
independent appraiser selected in good faith by the holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably
acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

1.19.
Warrants means this Warrant and other Common Stock purchase warrants issued by the Company pursuant to the
Registration Statement.

2.
Exercise.

2.1.
Exercise of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any
time or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed
PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 2.1
(the Notice of Exercise). Within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading
Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined in Section 2.4.1 herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the
Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer
or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2.3 below is specified
in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other
type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder
shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available
hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation
within three (3) Trading Days after the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of
this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering
the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased.
The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The
Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Trading Day after receipt of such notice. The Holder
and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following
the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given
time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

3

2.2.
Exercise Price. The aggregate exercise price of this Warrant, except for a nominal exercise price of $0.001 per Warrant
Share, subject to adjustment hereunder (such nominal exercise price, the Exercise Price), was pre-funded
to the Company on or prior to the Initial Exercise Date and, consequently, no additional consideration (other than such Exercise Price)
shall be required to be paid by the Holder to any Person to effect any exercise of this Warrant. The Holder shall not be entitled to
the return or refund of all, or any portion, of such pre-paid aggregate exercise price under any circumstance or for any reason whatsoever.

2.3.
Cashless Exercise. This Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, by means of a cashless exercise
in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by
(A), where:

(A)
= as
applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of
Exercise is (1) delivered pursuant to Section 2.1 hereof on a Calendar Day that is not a Trading Day or (2) delivered pursuant to
Section 2.1 hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b) of Regulation
NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option of the Holder, either (y) the VWAP on
the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise or (z) the highest Bid Price of the Common Stock
on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. within two (2) hours of the Holders delivery of the Notice of
Exercise pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof if such Notice of Exercise is delivered during regular trading hours, or within
two (2) hours after the close of regular trading hours, on a Trading Day or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable
Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is delivered pursuant to Section
2.1 hereof two (2) or more hours following the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

(B)
= the
Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X)
= the
number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such
exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the
Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised. The Company agrees not
to take any position contrary to this Section 2.3.

4

2.4.
Mechanics of Exercise.

2.4.1.
Delivery of Warrant Shares upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted
by the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository
Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant
in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale
of the Warrant Shares by Holder or (B) this Warrant is being exercised via cashless exercise and otherwise by physical delivery of a
certificate or by electronic delivery (at the election of the Holder), for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled
pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earlier of (i) one
(1) Trading Day after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard
Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date).
Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of
the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares,
provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received within the earlier
of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period following delivery of the Notice
of Exercise. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for
purposes of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act to have become the holder of the Warrant Shares irrespective of the date of delivery
of the Warrant Shares. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise
by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each
$1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise),
$10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the third (3rd) Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each
Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company
agrees to maintain a Transfer Agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable.
As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of
Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of
the Notice of Exercise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Notice(s) of Exercise delivered on or prior to 12:00 p.m.
(New York City time) on the Initial Exercise Date, which may be delivered at any time after the time of execution of the Underwriting
Agreement, the Company agrees to deliver the Warrant Shares subject to such notice(s) by 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Initial
Exercise Date and the Initial Exercise Date shall be the Warrant Share Delivery Date for purposes hereunder, provided that payment of
the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received by such Warrant Share Delivery Date.

5

2.4.2.
Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request
of a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new
Warrant evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant
shall in all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

2.4.3.
Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant
to Section 2.4.1 by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

2.4.4.
Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available
to the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions
of Section 2.4.1 above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required
by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares
of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon
such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which
(x) the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds
(y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection
with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B)
at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise
was not honored and return any amount received by the Company in respect of the Exercise Price for those Warrant Shares (in which case
such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had
the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having
a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate
sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall
be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder
in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders
right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific
performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise
of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

2.4.5.
No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise
of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company
shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied
by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

2.4.6.
Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer
tax or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the
Company, and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder;
provided, however, that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder,
this Warrant when surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto as Exhibit 2.4.6 duly executed
by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax
incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-Trading Day processing of any Notice of Exercise
and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for
same-Trading Day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

2.4.7.
Closing of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise
of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

6

2.5.
Holders Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not
have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to
such issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates,
and any other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution
Parties)), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of
the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties
shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is
being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, unexercised
portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion
of the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock
Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the
Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2.5,
beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance
with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith.
To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2.5 applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in
relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant
is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders
determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates
and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation,
and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to
any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2.5, in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may
rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report
filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice
by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request
of a Holder, the Company shall within one (1) Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common
Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the
conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since
the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation
shall be 4.99% (or, upon election by a Holder prior to the issuance of any Warrants, 9.99%) of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice
to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2.5, provided that the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to
the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2.5 shall
continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until 61 Calendar Days after such notice
is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict
conformity with the terms of this Section 2.5 to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent
with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly
give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

7

3.
Certain Adjustments.

3.1.
Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or
otherwise makes a distribution or distributions on shares of Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable
in shares of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise
of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way
of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares
of Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of
which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before
such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the
number of Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this
Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3.1 shall become effective immediately after the record
date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after
the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

3.2.
Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3.1 above, if at any time the Company grants,
issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to all (or
substantially all) of the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then
the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder
could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without
regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the
date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as
of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided,
however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial
ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall
be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation).

3.3.
Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend
or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to all (or substantially all) holders of shares of Common Stock,
by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property
or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction)
(a Distribution), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall
be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had
held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise
hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for
such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined
for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any
such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to
participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution
to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever,
as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). To the extent that this Warrant has
not been partially or completely exercised at the time of such Distribution, such portion of the Distribution shall be held in abeyance
for the benefit of the Holder until the Holder has exercised this Warrant.

8

3.4.
Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in
one or more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company or
any Subsidiary, directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all
or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender
offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted
to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of
the outstanding Common Stock or 50% or more of the voting power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly,
in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory
share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property,
or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other
business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with
another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires 50% or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock
or 50% or more of the voting power of the common equity of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction),
then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have
been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without
regard to any limitation in Section 2.5 on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring
corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration)
receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is
exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2.5 on the exercise of this
Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such
Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental
Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the
relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the
securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate
Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary,
in the event of a Fundamental Transaction, the Company or any Successor Entity (as defined below) shall, at the Holders option,
exercisable at any time concurrently with, or within 30 Trading Days after, the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction (or, if later,
the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction), purchase this Warrant from the Holder by paying to the
Holder an amount of cash equal to the Black Scholes Value (as defined below) of the remaining unexercised portion of this Warrant on
the date of the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction; provided, however, that, if the Fundamental Transaction is not within the
Companys control, including not approved by the Companys Board of Directors, the Holder shall only be entitled to receive
from the Company or any Successor Entity the same type or form of consideration (and in the same proportion), at the Black Scholes Value
of the unexercised portion of this Warrant, that is being offered and paid to the holders of Common Stock of the Company in connection
with the Fundamental Transaction, whether that consideration be in the form of cash, stock or any combination thereof, or whether the
holders of Common Stock are given the choice to receive from among alternative forms of consideration in connection with the Fundamental
Transaction; provided, further, that if holders of Common Stock of the Company are not offered or paid any consideration in such Fundamental
Transaction, such holders of Common Stock will be deemed to have received common stock/shares of the Successor Entity (which Entity may
be the Company following such Fundamental Transaction) in such Fundamental Transaction. Black Scholes Value
means the value of this Warrant based on the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model obtained from the OV function on Bloomberg,
L.P. (Bloomberg) determined as of the Trading Day of consummation of the applicable contemplated Fundamental
Transaction for pricing purposes and reflecting (A) a risk-free interest rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal
to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date,
(B) an expected volatility equal to the greater of (1) 100% and (2) the 100 day volatility as obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg
(determined utilizing a 365 Calendar Day annualization factor) as of the Trading Day immediately following the public announcement of
the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction, (C) the underlying price per share used in such calculation shall be the greater
of (i) the sum of the price per share being offered in cash, if any, plus the value of any non-cash consideration, if any, being offered
in such Fundamental Transaction and (ii) the highest VWAP during the period beginning on the Trading Day immediately preceding the public
announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction (or the consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction, if
earlier) and ending on the Trading Day of the Holders request pursuant to this Section 3.4 and (D) a remaining option time equal
to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date
and (E) a zero cost of borrow. The payment of the Black Scholes Value will be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds (or
such other consideration) within the later of (i) five (5) Business Days after the Holders election and (ii) the date of consummation
of the Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not
the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this
Warrant in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3.4 pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option
of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument
substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant that is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock
of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this
Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise
price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares
of Common Stock prior to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital
stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation
of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any
such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall be added to the term Company under this Warrant (so that from
and after the occurrence or consummation of such Fundamental Transaction, each and every provision of this Warrant referring to the Company
shall refer instead to each of the Company and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally), and the Successor
Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally with the Company, may exercise every right and power of the Company prior thereto
and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities shall assume all of the obligations of the Company prior thereto under this Warrant with
the same effect as if the Company and such Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally, had been named as the Company
herein. For the avoidance of doubt, the Holder shall be entitled to the benefits of the provisions of this Section 3.4 regardless of
(i) whether the Company has sufficient authorized shares of Common Stock for the issuance of Warrant Shares and/or (ii) whether a Fundamental
Transaction occurs prior to the Initial Exercise Date.

9

3.5.
Calculations. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest fraction of a cent as in the initial Exercise
Price or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed
to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares,
if any) issued and outstanding.

3.6.
Notice to Holder.

3.6.1.
Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the
Company shall promptly deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting
adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

3.6.2.
Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever
form) on the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock,
(C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares
of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with
any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) is a party, any
sale or transfer of all or substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into
other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding
up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder at its last email
address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 Calendar Days prior to the applicable record or effective
date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution,
redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to
be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected
that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of Common Stock for securities, cash or other property
deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver
such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified
in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding
the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report
on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the
effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

4.
Transfer of Warrant.

4.1.
Transferability. This Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable,
in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written
assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 2.4.6 duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney
and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment,
the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination
or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of
this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder
shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which
case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days after the date on which the Holder delivers
an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised
by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

10

4.2.
New Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office
of the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed
by the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4.1, as to any transfer which may be involved in such division
or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided
or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial Issuance Date of
this Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

4.3.
Warrant Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose
(the Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and
treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to
the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

5.
Miscellaneous.

5.1.
No Rights as Stockholder until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting
rights, dividends or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2.4.1, except
as expressly set forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise
pursuant to Section 2.3 or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2.4.1 and Section 2.4.4 herein, in no event shall the Company
be required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

5.2.
Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares,
and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant,
shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the
Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant
or stock certificate.

5.3.
Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right
required or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken, or such right may be exercised, on the next succeeding
Business Day.

11

5.4.
Authorized Shares.

5.4.1.
Reservation of Authorized and Unissued Shares. The Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding,
it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock to provide for the issuance
of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further covenants that its issuance of
this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon
the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure
that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements
of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon
the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant
and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable (which means
that no further sums are required to be paid by the holders thereof in connection with the issue thereof) and free from all taxes, liens
and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously
with such issue).

5.4.2.
Noncircumvention. Except and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action,
including, without limitation, amending its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation,
merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance
of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking
of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount
payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or
appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of
this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public
regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

5.4.3.
Authorizations, Exemptions and Consents. Before taking any action that would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant
Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions
thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

12

5.5.
Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall
be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles
of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of
the transactions contemplated by this Warrant (whether brought against a party hereto or their respective affiliates, directors, officers,
shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City
of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City
of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated
hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that
it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient
venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any
such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery)
to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Warrant and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient
service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any
other manner permitted by law. If either party shall commence an action, suit or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Warrant,
the prevailing party in such action, suit or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for their reasonable attorneys
fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, nothing in this paragraph shall limit or restrict the federal district court in which a Holder may bring a claim under
the federal securities laws.

5.6.
Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered,
and the Holder does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

5.7.
Nonwaiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder
shall operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies, notwithstanding the fact
that the right to exercise this Warrant terminates on the Termination Date. No provision of this Warrant shall be construed as a waiver
by the Holder of any rights which the Holder may have under the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations of the Commission
thereunder. Without limiting any other provision of this Warrant, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision
of this Warrant, which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient
to cover any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings,
incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies
hereunder.

13

5.8.
Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder including, without
limitation, any Notice of Exercise, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight
courier service, addressed to the Company, at 14001 Marshall Drive, Lenexa, KS 66215, Attention: Stanton Ross, Chief Executive Officer,
email address: stan.ross@digitalally.com, or such other email address or address as the Company may specify for such purposes by notice
to the Holders. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in writing
and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder at the e-mail
address or address of such Holder appearing on the books of the Company. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall
be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail
at the e-mail address set forth in this Section 5.8 prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day after
the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section 5.8
on a Calendar Day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading
Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the
party to whom such notice is required to be given. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material,
non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission
pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.

5.9.
Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant
to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of
the Holder for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company
or by creditors of the Company.

5.10.
Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages,
will be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate
compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to
assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

5.11.
Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby
shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted
assigns of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant
and shall be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

5.12.
Amendment. This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company,
on the one hand, and a majority-in-interest of Holders of the Warrants, on the other hand. No modification or amendment or modification
of the provisions hereof may be waived in a manner that is more favorable to other holder(s) of Warrants, as applicable, or to treat
any holder(s) of Warrants in a manner that is in any respect not equal to the treatment of all other holder(s) of Warrants.

14

5.13.
Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective
and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision
shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining
provisions of this Warrant.

5.14.
Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be
deemed a part of this Warrant.

********************

[DGLY
Investor Registered Pre-Funded Warrant Signature Page Follows]

15

[DGLY
Investor Registered Pre-Funded Warrant Signature Page]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Registered Pre-Funded Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as
of the date first above indicated.

DIGITAL ALLY, INC.

By: 

Name: Stanton
Ross

Its: Chief
Executive Officer

Exhibit
2.1

NOTICE
OF EXERCISE

To:
DIGITAL ALLY, INC.

(1)
The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only
if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2)
Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box):

in lawful money of the
United States.

if permitted the cancellation
of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection 2.3, to exercise this Warrant
with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in subsection
2.3.

(3)
Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The
Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

[DGLY
Investor Registered Pre-Funded Warrant Exercise Notice Investor Signature Page]

Name
of Investing Entity: 

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: 

Name
of Authorized Signatory: 

Title
of Authorized Signatory: 

Date:

Exhibit
2.4.6

ASSIGNMENT
FORM

(To
assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to exercise the Warrant to purchase
shares of Common Stock.)

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

Address: 

Phone
Number: 

Email
Address: 

Date: 

Holders
Signature: 

Holders
Address:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex4-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
4.2

SERIES
A REGISTERED COMMON WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK

DIGITAL
ALLY, INC.

Warrant
Shares: [] Issuance
Date: February 14, 2025

THIS
WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, [] or its assigns
(the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter
set forth, at any time after the Stockholder Approval Notice and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the sixty (60) month
anniversary of the Initial Exercise Date (the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and
purchase from Digital Ally, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), up to [] shares (as subject
to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares) of Common Stock. The purchase price of one (1) share of Common
Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2.2.

1.
Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant or in the Underwriting Agreement, the following
terms have the meanings indicated in this Section 1:

1.1.
Affiliate means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is
controlled by or is under common control with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

1.2.
Bid Price means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a)
if the Common Stock is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the
nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based
on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market,
the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable,
(c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported
on the Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price
per share of Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an
independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably
acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

1.3.
Board of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

1.4.
Business Day means a Calendar Day other than a Saturday, Sunday or any other Calendar Day which is a federal
legal holiday in the United States or any Calendar Day on which the commercial banks in the City of New York are required by law or other
governmental action to close, provided that the commercial banks in the City of New York shall not be deemed to be required to
be closed due to a stay at home, shelter in place , non-essential employee or similar orders
or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic
funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in the City of New York generally are open for use by customers
on such Calendar Day.

1.5.
Calendar Day means each and every day of the week (Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday and
Saturday).

1.6.
Commission means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

1.7.
Common Stock means the common stock of the Company, $0.001 par value per share, and any other class of securities
into which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

1.8.
Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the
holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant
or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof
to receive, Common Stock.

1.9.
Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder.

1.10.
Exempt Issuance means securities issued (i) under the Companys current or future equity incentive
plans or issued to employees, directors or officers as compensation or consideration in the ordinary course of business, including any
issuance of options (and the underlying shares of Common Stock) and shares of Common Stock under the Companys equity incentive
plans, (ii) issued pursuant to agreements, options, restricted share units or convertible securities existing as of the date hereof provided
the terms are not modified from and after the execution of the Underwriting Agreement, (iii) issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic
transactions (whether by merger, consolidation, purchase of equity, purchase of assets, reorganization or otherwise) approved by a majority
of the disinterested directors of the Company, provided that such securities are issued as restricted securities (as defined
in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith
during the Standstill Period, and provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equityholders of a Person) which
is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the business of the
Company and shall provide to the Company additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction
in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing
in securities.

1.11.
Floor Price means (i) prior to Stockholder Approval Notice, $0.0775 , a price equal to fifty percent (50%)
of the Nasdaq Minimum Price immediately prior to the execution of the Underwriting Agreement, as defined in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(d)(1)(A)
(which price shall be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, reclassification or similar transaction
following the date of the Underwriting Agreement), or (ii) following Stockholder Approval Notice, $0.031, a price equal to twenty percent
(20%) of the Nasdaq Minimum Price immediately prior to the execution of the Underwriting Agreement, as defined in Nasdaq Listing Rule
5635(d)(1)(A) (which price shall be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, reclassification or
similar transaction following the date of the Underwriting Agreement).

2

1.12.
Initial Exercise Date means the Calendar Day of the Stockholder Approval Notice.

1.13.
Person means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association,
joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any
kind.

1.14.
Registration Statement means the Companys registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-284448).

1.15.
Reset Date means following the close of trading on the Trading Day immediately after the Reset Period End
Date.

1.16.
Reset Period means the period commencing on the Reset Period Commencement Date and ending following the close
of trading on the Reset Period End Date.

1.17.
Reset Period Commencement Date means the two full Trading Days immediately preceding the Stockholder Approval.

1.18.
Reset Period End Date means the tenth (10th) Trading Day after the Stockholder Approval Notice Date.

1.19.
Reset Price means the greater of (i) the lowest single Trading Day VWAP of the Common Stock during the Reset
Period and (ii) the Floor Price (as adjusted for forward and reverse stock splits, recapitalizations, stock dividends and the like after
the execution of the Underwriting Agreement).

1.20.
Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

1.21.
Series B Warrants shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Underwriting Agreement.

1.22.
Stockholder Approval means such approval as may be required by the applicable rules and regulations of The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (or any successor entity) from the stockholders of the Company, or board of directors in lieu thereof, with respect
to issuance of all of the Warrants and the Warrant Shares upon the exercise thereof, including without limitation:

3

1.22.1.
to render inapplicable clause (i) of the definition of the Floor Price in Section 1.11 hereof.

1.22.2.
to give full effect to the adjustment in the exercise price and number of Warrant Shares following a Dilutive Issuance pursuant to Section
3.2.

1.22.3.
to give full effect to the adjustment of the exercise price and number of shares of Common Stock underlying these Warrants pursuant to
Section 3.3.

1.22.4.
to consent to any adjustment to the exercise price or number of shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrants in the event of a Share
Combination Event pursuant to Section 3.9.

1.22.5.
to consent to the voluntary adjustment, from time to time, of the exercise price of any and all currently outstanding warrants pursuant
to Section 3.10.

1.22.6.
to give full effect to the adjustment of the exercise price and number of shares of Common Stock underlying the Series B Warrants pursuant
to the Series B Warrants.

1.22.7.
to approve, if necessary, a proposal to amend the Companys Articles of Incorporation, as amended, to increase the authorized share
capital of the Company to an amount sufficient to cover the shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of the Warrants.

1.23.
Stockholder Approval Notice means the time of public availability of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed
by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission giving public notice of Stockholder Approval.

1.24.
Stockholder Approval Notice Date means the Trading Day during which the Company files a Current Report on
Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission giving public notice of Stockholder Approval.

1.25.
Subsidiary means any subsidiary of the Company and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect
subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof.

1.26.
Trading Day means a Calendar Day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

1.27.
Trading Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted
for trading on the date in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select
Market, the New York Stock Exchange, OTCQB or OTCQX (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

4

1.28.
Transfer Agent means Securities Transfer Corporation, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing
address of 2901 N. Dallas Pkwy, Ste 380, Plano, TX 75093, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

1.29.
Underwriting Agreement means the underwriting agreement, dated as of February 13, 2025, between the Company
and Aegis Capital Corp., as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with its terms.

1.30.
VWAP means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if
the Common Stock is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date
(or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P.
(based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading
Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable,
(c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported
on the Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price
per share of Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an
independent appraiser selected in good faith by the holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably
acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

1.31.
Warrants means this Warrant and other Common Stock purchase warrants issued by the Company pursuant to the
Registration Statement.

2.
Exercise.

2.1.
Exercise of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any
time or times after the Stockholder Approval Notice and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed
PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 2.1
(the Notice of Exercise). Within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading
Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined in Section 2.4.1 herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the
Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer
or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2.3 below is specified
in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other
type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder
shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available
hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation
within three (3) Trading Days after the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of
this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering
the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased.
The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The
Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Trading Day after receipt of such notice. The Holder
and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following
the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given
time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

5

2.2.
Exercise Price. The exercise price per Warrant Share shall be $0.1875, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise
Price).

2.3.
Cashless Exercise. If at the time of exercise hereof there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus
contained therein is not available for the issuance of the Warrant Shares to the Holder or the resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder,
then this Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the
Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = as
applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of
Exercise is (1) delivered pursuant to Section 2.1 hereof on a Calendar Day that is not a Trading Day or (2) delivered pursuant to
Section 2.1 hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b) of Regulation
NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option of the Holder, either (y) the VWAP on
the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise or (z) the highest Bid Price of the Common Stock
on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. within two (2) hours of the Holders delivery of the Notice of
Exercise pursuant to Section 2.1 hereof if such Notice of Exercise is delivered during regular trading hours or within
two (2) hours after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable
Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is delivered pursuant to Section
2.1 hereof two (2) or more hours following the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

(B) = the
Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X)
= the
number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such
exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

6

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the
Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised. The Company agrees not
to take any position contrary to this Section 2.3.

Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, on the Termination Date, this Warrant shall be automatically exercised via cashless exercise pursuant
to this Section 2.3.

2.4.
Mechanics of Exercise.

2.4.1.
Delivery of Warrant Shares upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted
by the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository
Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant
in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale
of the Warrant Shares by Holder or (B) this Warrant is being exercised via cashless exercise and otherwise by physical delivery of a
certificate or by electronic delivery (at the election of the Holder), for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled
pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earlier of (i) one
(1) Trading Day after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard
Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date).
Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of
the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares,
provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received within the earlier
of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period following delivery of the Notice
of Exercise. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for
purposes of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act to have become the holder of the Warrant Shares irrespective of the date of delivery
of the Warrant Shares. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise
by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each
$1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise),
$10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the third (3rd) Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each
Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company
agrees to maintain a Transfer Agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable.
As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of
Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of
the Notice of Exercise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Notice(s) of Exercise delivered on or prior to 12:00 p.m.
(New York City time) on the Initial Exercise Date, which may be delivered at any time after the time of execution of the Underwriting
Agreement, the Company agrees to deliver the Warrant Shares subject to such notice(s) by 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Initial
Exercise Date and the Initial Exercise Date shall be the Warrant Share Delivery Date for purposes hereunder, provided that payment of
the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received by such Warrant Share Delivery Date.

7

2.4.2.
Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request
of a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new
Warrant evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant
shall in all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

2.4.3.
Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant
to Section 2.4.1 by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

2.4.4.
Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available
to the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions
of Section 2.4.1 above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required
by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares
of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon
such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which
(x) the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds
(y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection
with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B)
at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise
was not honored and return any amount received by the Company in respect of the Exercise Price for those Warrant Shares (in which case
such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had
the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having
a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate
sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall
be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder
in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders
right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific
performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise
of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

8

2.4.5.
No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise
of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company
shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied
by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

2.4.6.
Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer
tax or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the
Company, and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder;
provided, however, that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder,
this Warrant when surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto as Exhibit 2.4.6 duly executed
by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax
incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-Trading Day processing of any Notice of Exercise
and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for
same-Trading Day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

2.4.7.
Closing of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise
of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

9

2.5.
Holders Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not
have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to
such issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates,
and any other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution
Parties)), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of
the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties
shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is
being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, unexercised
portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion
of the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock
Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the
Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2.5,
beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance
with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith.
To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2.5 applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in
relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant
is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders
determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates
and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation,
and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to
any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2.5, in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may
rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report
filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice
by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request
of a Holder, the Company shall within one (1) Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common
Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the
conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since
the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation
shall be 4.99% (or, upon election by a Holder prior to the issuance of any Warrants, 9.99%) of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice
to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2.5, provided that the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to
the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2.5 shall
continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until sixty-one (61) Calendar Days after
such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than
in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2.5 to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent
with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly
give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

10

3.
Certain Adjustments.

3.1.
Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or
otherwise makes a distribution or distributions on shares of Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable
in shares of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise
of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way
of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares
of Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of
which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before
such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the
number of Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this
Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3.1 shall become effective immediately after the record
date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after
the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

3.2.
Subsequent Equity Sales. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding (such period, the Adjustment Period),
the Company issues, sells, enters into an agreement to sell, or grants any option to purchase, or sells, enters into an agreement to
sell, or grants any right to reprice, or otherwise disposes of or issues (or announces any offer, sale, grant or any option to purchase
or other disposition), or, in accordance with this Section 3.2, is deemed to have issued or sold, any shares of Common Stock or Common
Stock Equivalents for a consideration per share less than a price equal to the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such issue
or sale or deemed issuance or sale (such Exercise Price then in effect is referred to as the Applicable Price)
(the foregoing a Dilutive Issuance), then simultaneously with the consummation (or, if earlier, the announcement)
of such Dilutive Issuance, the Exercise Price then in effect shall be reduced to an amount equal to the Dilutive Issuance price (such
price, the Base Share Price) and the number of Warrant Shares issuable hereunder shall be proportionately
increased such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant on the Issuance Date for the Warrant Shares then outstanding shall remain
unchanged; provided that the reduced Exercise Price shall not be less than the Floor Price. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if one or
more Dilutive Issuances occurred prior to the Stockholder Approval being obtained and the reduction of the Exercise Price was limited
by clause (i) of the definition of Floor Price, once the Stockholder Approval is obtained, the Exercise Price will automatically be reduced
to equal the greater of (x) the lowest Base Share Price with respect to any Dilutive Issuance that occurred prior to the Stockholder
Approval being obtained, and (y) the price determined by reference to clause (ii) of the definition of Floor Price. If the Company enters
into a Variable Rate Transaction, the Company shall be deemed to have issued shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents at the
lowest possible price, conversion price or exercise price at which such securities may be issued, converted or exercised. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, no adjustments shall be made, paid or issued under this Section 3.2 in respect of an Exempt Issuance. For the avoidance
of doubt, in the event the Exercise Price has been adjusted pursuant to this Section 3.2 and the Dilutive Issuance that triggered such
adjustment does not occur, is not consummated, is unwound or is cancelled after the facts for any reason whatsoever, in no event shall
the Exercise Price be readjusted to the Exercise Price that would have been in effect if such Dilutive Issuance had not occurred or been
consummated. For all purposes of the foregoing, the following shall be applicable:

3.2.1.
Issuance of Options. If, during the Adjustment Period, the Company in any manner grants or sells any Options and the lowest
price per share for which one share of Common Stock is issuable upon the exercise of any such Option or upon conversion, exercise or
exchange of any convertible securities (Convertible Securities) issuable upon exercise of any such Option
(such shares of Common Stock issuable upon such exercise of any Option or upon conversion, exercise or exchange of any Convertible Securities,
the Convertible Securities Shares) is less than the Applicable Price, then such shares of Common Stock shall
be deemed to be outstanding and to have been issued and sold by the Company at the time of the granting or sale of such Option for such
price per share. For purposes of this Section 3.2.1, the lowest price per share for which one share of Common Stock is issuable
upon the exercise of any such Option or upon conversion, exercise or exchange of any Convertible Securities issuable upon exercise of
any such Option shall be equal to (A) the sum of (1) the lowest amount of consideration (if any) received or receivable by the
Company with respect to any one Convertible Securities Share upon the granting or sale of such Option, upon exercise of such Option and
upon conversion, exercise or exchange of any Convertible Security issuable upon exercise of such Option and (2) the lowest exercise price
set forth in such Option for which one Convertible Securities Share is issuable upon the exercise of any such Option or upon conversion,
exercise or exchange of any Convertible Securities issuable upon exercise of any such Option, minus (B) the sum of all amounts paid or
payable to the holder of such Option (or any other Person), with respect to any one Convertible Securities Share, upon the granting or
sale of such Option, upon exercise of such Option and upon conversion, exercise or exchange of any Convertible Security issuable upon
exercise of such Option plus the value of any other consideration received or receivable by, or benefit conferred on, the holder of such
Option (or any other Person), with respect to any one Convertible Securities Share. Except as contemplated below, no further adjustment
of the Exercise Price shall be made upon the actual issuance of such Convertible Securities Share or of such Convertible Securities upon
the exercise of such Options or upon the actual issuance of such Convertible Securities Share upon conversion, exercise or exchange of
such Convertible Securities.

11

3.2.2.
Issuance of Convertible Securities. If, during the Adjustment Period, the Company in any manner issues or sells any Convertible
Securities and the lowest price per share for which one Convertible Securities Share is issuable upon the conversion, exercise or exchange
thereof is less than the Applicable Price, then such Convertible Securities Share shall be deemed to be outstanding and to have been
issued and sold by the Company at the time of the issuance or sale of such Convertible Securities for such price per share. For the purposes
of this Section 3.2.2, the lowest price per share for which one Convertible Securities Share is issuable upon the conversion,
exercise or exchange thereof shall be equal to (A) the sum of (1) the lowest amount of consideration (if any) received or receivable
by the Company with respect to one Convertible Securities Share upon the issuance or sale of the Convertible Security and upon conversion,
exercise or exchange of such Convertible Security and (2) the lowest conversion price set forth in such Convertible Security for which
one Convertible Securities Share is issuable upon conversion, exercise or exchange thereof, minus (B) the sum of all amounts paid or
payable to the holder of such Convertible Security (or any other Person), with respect to any one Convertible Securities Share, upon
the issuance or sale of such Convertible Security plus the value of any other consideration received or receivable by, or benefit conferred
on, the holder of such Convertible Security (or any other Person), with respect to any one Convertible Securities Share. Except as contemplated
below, no further adjustment of the Exercise Price shall be made upon the actual issuance of such Convertible Securities Share upon conversion,
exercise or exchange of such Convertible Securities, and if any such issue or sale of such Convertible Securities is made upon exercise
of any Options for which adjustment of the Exercise Price has been or is to be made pursuant to other provisions of this Section 3.2,
except as contemplated below, no further adjustment of the Exercise Price shall be made by reason of such issue or sale.

3.2.3.
Change in Option Price or Rate of Conversion. If, during the Adjustment Period, the purchase or exercise price provided
for in any Options, the additional consideration, if any, payable upon the issue, conversion, exercise or exchange of any Convertible
Securities, or the rate at which any Convertible Securities are convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Common
Stock increases or decreases at any time (other than proportional changes in conversion or exercise prices, as applicable, in connection
with an event referred to in Section 3.1), the Exercise Price in effect at the time of such increase or decrease shall be adjusted to
the Exercise Price which would have been in effect at such time had such Options or Convertible Securities provided for such increased
or decreased purchase price, additional consideration or increased or decreased conversion rate, as the case may be, at the time initially
granted, issued or sold. For purposes of this Section 3.2.3, if the terms of any Option or Convertible Security that was outstanding
as of the date of issuance of this Warrant are increased or decreased in the manner described in the immediately preceding sentence,
then such Option or Convertible Security and the Convertible Securities Share deemed issuable upon exercise, conversion or exchange thereof
shall be deemed to have been issued as of the date of such increase or decrease. No adjustment pursuant to this Section 3.2 shall be
made if such adjustment would result in an increase of the Exercise Price then in effect.

12

3.2.4.
Calculation of Consideration Received. If any Option or Convertible Security is issued in connection with the issuance
or sale or deemed issuance or sale of any other securities of the Company (the Primary Security, and such
Option or Convertible Security, the Secondary Securities and together with the Primary Security, each a Unit),
together comprising one integrated transaction, the aggregate consideration per share with respect to such Primary Security shall be
deemed to be the lower of (x) the purchase price of such Unit, and (y) if such Primary Security is an Option and/or Convertible Security,
the lowest price per share for which one share of Common Stock is at any time issuable upon the exercise or conversion of the Primary
Security in accordance with Section 3.2.1 or 3.2.2 above. If any shares of Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities are issued
or sold or deemed to have been issued or sold for cash, the consideration received therefor will be deemed to be the net amount of cash
received by the Company therefor. If any shares of Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities are issued or sold for a consideration
other than cash, the amount of such consideration received by the Company will be the fair value of such consideration, except where
such consideration consists of publicly traded securities, in which case the amount of consideration received by the Company for such
securities will be the lowest single Trading Day VWAP of such security for the five (5) Trading Days immediately preceding the date of
receipt. If any shares of Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities are issued to the owners of the non-surviving entity in connection
with any merger in which the Company is the surviving entity, the amount of consideration therefor will be deemed to be the fair market
value of such portion of the net assets and business of the non-surviving entity as is attributable to such shares of Common Stock, Options
or Convertible Securities (as the case may be). The fair market value of any consideration other than cash or publicly traded securities
will be determined jointly by the Company and the Holder. If such parties are unable to reach agreement within ten (10) Business Days
after the occurrence of an event requiring valuation (the Valuation Event), the fair market value of such
consideration will be determined within five (5) Business Days after the tenth (10th) Business Day following such Valuation Event by
an independent, reputable appraiser jointly selected by the Company and the Holder. The determination of such appraiser shall be final
and binding upon all parties absent manifest error and the fees and expenses of such appraiser shall be borne by the Company.

3.2.5.
Record Date. If, during the Adjustment Period, the Company takes a record of stockholders for the purpose of entitling
them (A) to receive a dividend or other distribution payable in shares of Common Stock, Options or in Convertible Securities or (B) to
subscribe for or purchase shares of Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities, then such record date will be deemed to be the date
of the issue or sale of shares of Common Stock deemed to have been issued or sold upon the declaration of such dividend or the making
of such other distribution or the date of the granting of such right of subscription or purchase (as the case may be).

3.3.
Exercise Price and Warrant Shares Reset.

3.3.1.
Warrant Shares Reset Process. On the Reset Date, the Exercise Price shall be adjusted to equal the lower of (i) the Exercise
Price then in effect and (ii) the Reset Price. Upon such reset of the Exercise Price pursuant to this Section 3.3.1, the number of Warrant
Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be increased such that the aggregate Exercise Price payable hereunder, after taking
into account the decrease in the Exercise Price, shall be equal to the aggregate Exercise Price on the Issuance Date (adjusted for any
Warrants exercised or sold by the Holder prior to such Reset Date) for the Warrant Shares then outstanding, subject to adjustment for
any prior exercises pursuant to Section 3.3.2.

13

3.3.2.
Exercise Prior to Reset Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Holder requests to exercise this Warrant, in whole or
in part, prior to the Reset Date at any time following Stockholder Approval Notice on any given date which (i) the exercised Warrant
Shares are registered pursuant to an effective Registration Statement that is available for the issuance of such Warrant Shares, or (ii)
the Holder exercises this Warrant pursuant to cashless exercise (any such date, an Exercise Date), then solely
with respect to such portion of this Warrant being exercised on such applicable Exercise Date, (a) such applicable Reset Date shall be
deemed to mean the Exercise Date, (b) such applicable Reset Period End Date shall be deemed to have ended following the close of trading
on the Trading Day immediately prior to such exercise and (c) the applicable Reset Price for such exercised Warrants shall be calculated
pursuant to Section 3.3 solely with respect to such portion of this Warrant being exercised on such applicable Exercise Date. For the
avoidance of doubt, following the calculation of the Reset Price pursuant to this Section 3.3.2, the Companys obligations with
regard to such exercised Warrants shall be deemed satisfied and no additional Reset Price shall apply to such exercised Warrants.

3.4.
Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3.1 above, if at any time the Company grants,
issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to all (or
substantially all) of the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then
the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder
could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without
regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the
date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as
of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided,
however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial
ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall
be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation).

3.5.
Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend
or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to all (or substantially all) holders of shares of Common Stock,
by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property
or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction)
(a Distribution), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall
be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had
held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise
hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for
such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined
for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any
such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to
participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution
to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever,
as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). To the extent that this Warrant has
not been partially or completely exercised at the time of such Distribution, such portion of the Distribution shall be held in abeyance
for the benefit of the Holder until the Holder has exercised this Warrant.

14

3.6.
Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in
one or more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company or
any Subsidiary, directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all
or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender
offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted
to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of
the outstanding Common Stock or 50% or more of the voting power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly,
in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory
share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property,
or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other
business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with
another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires 50% or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock
or 50% or more of the voting power of the common equity of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction),
then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have
been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without
regard to any limitation in Section 2.5 on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring
corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration)
receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is
exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2.5 on the exercise of this
Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such
Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental
Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the
relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the
securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate
Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary,
in the event of a Fundamental Transaction, the Company or any Successor Entity (as defined below) shall, at the Holders option,
exercisable at any time concurrently with, or within 30 Trading Days after, the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction (or, if later,
the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction), purchase this Warrant from the Holder by paying to the
Holder an amount of cash equal to the Black Scholes Value (as defined below) of the remaining unexercised portion of this Warrant on
the date of the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction; provided, however, that, if the Fundamental Transaction is not within the
Companys control, including not approved by the Companys Board of Directors, the Holder shall only be entitled to receive
from the Company or any Successor Entity the same type or form of consideration (and in the same proportion), at the Black Scholes Value
of the unexercised portion of this Warrant, that is being offered and paid to the holders of Common Stock of the Company in connection
with the Fundamental Transaction, whether that consideration be in the form of cash, stock or any combination thereof, or whether the
holders of Common Stock are given the choice to receive from among alternative forms of consideration in connection with the Fundamental
Transaction; provided, further, that if holders of Common Stock of the Company are not offered or paid any consideration in such Fundamental
Transaction, such holders of Common Stock will be deemed to have received common stock/shares of the Successor Entity (which Entity may
be the Company following such Fundamental Transaction) in such Fundamental Transaction. Black Scholes Value
means the value of this Warrant based on the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model obtained from the OV function on Bloomberg,
L.P. (Bloomberg) determined as of the Trading Day of consummation of the applicable contemplated Fundamental
Transaction for pricing purposes and reflecting (A) a risk-free interest rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal
to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date,
(B) an expected volatility equal to the greater of (1) 100% and (2) the 100 day volatility as obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg
(determined utilizing a 365 Calendar Day annualization factor) as of the Trading Day immediately following the public announcement of
the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction, (C) the underlying price per share used in such calculation shall be the greater
of (i) the sum of the price per share being offered in cash, if any, plus the value of any non-cash consideration, if any, being offered
in such Fundamental Transaction and (ii) the highest VWAP during the period beginning on the Trading Day immediately preceding the public
announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction (or the consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction, if
earlier) and ending on the Trading Day of the Holders request pursuant to this Section 3.6 and (D) a remaining option time equal
to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date
and (E) a zero cost of borrow. The payment of the Black Scholes Value will be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds (or
such other consideration) within the later of (i) five (5) Business Days after the Holders election and (ii) the date of consummation
of the Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not
the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this
Warrant in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3.6 pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option
of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument
substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant that is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock
of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this
Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise
price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares
of Common Stock prior to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital
stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation
of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any
such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall be added to the term Company under this Warrant (so that from
and after the occurrence or consummation of such Fundamental Transaction, each and every provision of this Warrant referring to the Company
shall refer instead to each of the Company and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally), and the Successor
Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally with the Company, may exercise every right and power of the Company prior thereto
and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities shall assume all of the obligations of the Company prior thereto under this Warrant with
the same effect as if the Company and such Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally, had been named as the Company
herein. For the avoidance of doubt, the Holder shall be entitled to the benefits of the provisions of this Section 3.6 regardless of
(i) whether the Company has sufficient authorized shares of Common Stock for the issuance of Warrant Shares and/or (ii) whether a Fundamental
Transaction occurs prior to the Initial Exercise Date.

15

3.7.
Calculations. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest fraction of a cent as in the initial Exercise
Price or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed
to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares,
if any) issued and outstanding.

3.8.
Notice to Holder.

3.8.1.
Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the
Company shall promptly deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting
adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

3.8.2.
Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever
form) on the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock,
(C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares
of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with
any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) is a party, any
sale or transfer of all or substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into
other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding
up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder at its last email
address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 Calendar Days prior to the applicable record or effective
date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution,
redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to
be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected
that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of Common Stock for securities, cash or other property
deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver
such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified
in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding
the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report
on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the
effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

3.9.
Share Combination Event Adjustment. In addition to the adjustments set forth in Section 3.1 above, if at any time and from
time to time on or after the Issuance Date there occurs any share split, reverse share split, share dividend, share combination recapitalization
or other similar transaction involving the Common Stock (each, a Share Combination Event, and such date thereof,
the Share Combination Event Date) and the lowest VWAP during the five (5) consecutive Trading Days immediately
following the Share Combination Event Date (the Share Combination Adjustment Period, and such price, the
Event Market Price) is less than the Exercise Price then in effect (after giving effect to the adjustment
in clause 3.1 above), then immediately following the close of trading on the primary Trading Market on the last Trading Day of the Share
Combination Adjustment Period, the Exercise Price then in effect shall be reduced (but in no event increased) to the Event Market Price
and the number of Warrant Shares issuable hereunder shall be increased such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant on the
Issuance Date for the Warrant Shares then outstanding shall remain unchanged following such event; provided, however, if the Share Combination
Event is effective after close of Trading on the primary Trading Market, then the Share Combination Event Date shall be deemed to occur
on the next Trading Day, and the Share Combination Adjustment Period shall be adjusted accordingly; provided, further, that the adjustment
to the Exercise Price in this sentence shall not reduce the Exercise Price below the Floor Price; and provided further that notwithstanding
the foregoing, if one or more Share Combination Events occurred prior to the Stockholder Approval being obtained and the reduction of
the Exercise Price was limited by clause (i) of the definition of Floor Price, then once the Stockholder Approval is obtained, the Exercise
Price will automatically be reduced to equal the greater of (x) the lowest Event Market Price with respect to any Share Combination Event
that occurred prior to the Stockholder Approval being obtained, and (y) the price determined by reference to clause (ii) of the definition
of Floor Price. For the avoidance of doubt, (a) if the adjustment in the immediately preceding sentence would otherwise result in an
increase in the Exercise Price hereunder, no adjustment shall be made, and if this Warrant is exercised, on any given exercise date during
the Share Combination Adjustment Period, solely with respect to such portion of this Warrant exercised on such applicable exercise date,
such applicable Share Combination Adjustment Period shall be deemed to have ended on, and included, the Trading Day immediately prior
to such exercise date and the Event Market Price on such applicable exercise date will be the lowest VWAP of the Common Stock immediately
during such the Share Combination Adjustment Period prior to such exercise date and ending on, and including the Trading Day immediately
prior to such exercise date and (b) all adjustments pursuant to this Section 3.9 shall also be subject to Section 3.1 above, including
any Event Market Price.

16

3.10.
Voluntary Adjustment by Company. Subject to the rules and regulations of the Trading Market and the consent of the Holder,
the Company may at any time during the term of this Warrant reduce the then current Exercise Price to any amount and for any period of
time deemed appropriate by the Board of Directors.

3.11.
Stockholder Approval. The Company shall hold a special meeting of stockholders (which may also be at the annual meeting
of stockholders) at the earliest practicable date after the date hereof, but in no event later than sixty (60) Calendar Days after the
Closing Date for the purpose of obtaining Stockholder Approval, if required to effect the purpose thereof, with the recommendation of
the Board that such proposal be approved, and the Company shall solicit proxies from its stockholders in connection therewith in the
same manner as all other management proposals in such proxy statement and all management-appointed proxyholders shall vote their proxies
in favor of such proposal. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to obtain such Stockholder Approval. The Company shall file
a Current Report on Form 8-K giving notice of obtaining Stockholder Approval no later than prior to the commencement of trading on the
Trading Market one (1) Trading Day following the time of obtaining Stockholder Approval; provided that if the Stockholder Approval occurs
during trading hours, the Company shall file a Current Report on Form 8-K giving notice of obtaining Stockholder Approval no later than
two (2) hours following the time of obtaining Stockholder Approval. If the Company does not obtain Stockholder Approval at the first
meeting, the Company shall call a meeting every sixty (60) days thereafter to seek Stockholder Approval until the earlier of the date
Stockholder Approval is obtained or these Warrants are no longer outstanding.

3.12.
Variable Rate Transactions. The Company, at any time until the six (6) month anniversary of the Initial Exercise Date:
shall be prohibited from effecting or entering into an agreement to effect any issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of
Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (or a combination of units thereof) involving a Variable Rate Transaction. Variable
Rate Transaction means a transaction in which the Company (i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible
into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include the right to receive, additional shares of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion
price, exercise price or exchange rate or other price that is based upon, and/or varies with, the trading prices of or quotations for
the shares of Common Stock at any time after the initial issuance of such debt or equity securities or (B) with a conversion, exercise
or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon
the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the
shares of Common Stock or (ii) enters into, or effects a transaction under, any agreement, including, but not limited to, an equity line
of credit, whereby the Company may issue securities at a future determined price. The Holder shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief
against the Company to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect damages and any adjustments
herein.

4.
Transfer of Warrant.

4.1.
Transferability. This Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable,
in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written
assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 2.4.6 duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney
and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment,
the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination
or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of
this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder
shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which
case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days after the date on which the Holder delivers
an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised
by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

4.2.
New Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office
of the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed
by the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4.1, as to any transfer which may be involved in such division
or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided
or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial Issuance Date of
this Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

17

4.3.
Warrant Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose
(the Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and
treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to
the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

5.
Miscellaneous.

5.1.
No Rights as Stockholder until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting
rights, dividends or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2.4.1, except
as expressly set forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise
pursuant to Section 2.3 or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2.4.1 and Section 2.4.4 herein, in no event shall the Company
be required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

5.2.
Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares,
and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant,
shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the
Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant
or stock certificate.

5.3.
Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right
required or granted herein shall not be a Trading Day, then such action may be taken, or such right may be exercised, on the next succeeding
Trading Day.

5.4.
Authorized Shares.

5.4.1.
Reservation of Authorized and Unissued Shares. The Company covenants that, during the period commencing on the Stockholder
Approval Notice Date through the term of the Warrant, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number
of shares of Common Stock to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant
and assuming that the number of Warrant Shares is being determined based on a Reset Price equal to clause (ii) of the Floor Price. The
Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the
duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such
reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable
law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that
all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the
purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued,
fully paid and nonassessable (which means that no further sums are required to be paid by the holders thereof in connection with the
issue thereof) and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in
respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

18

5.4.2.
Noncircumvention. Except and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action,
including, without limitation, amending its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation,
merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance
of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking
of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount
payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or
appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of
this Warrant, assuming that the number of Warrant Shares is being determined based on a Reset Price equal to clause (ii) of the Floor
Price and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory
body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

5.4.3.
Authorizations, Exemptions and Consents. Before taking any action that would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant
Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions
thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

5.5.
Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall
be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles
of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of
the transactions contemplated by this Warrant (whether brought against a party hereto or their respective affiliates, directors, officers,
stockholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City
of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City
of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated
hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that
it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient
venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any
such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery)
to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Warrant and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient
service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any
other manner permitted by law. If either party shall commence an action, suit or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Warrant,
the prevailing party in such action, suit or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for their reasonable attorneys
fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, nothing in this paragraph shall limit or restrict the federal district court in which a Holder may bring a claim under
the federal securities laws.

19

5.6.
Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered,
and the Holder does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

5.7.
Nonwaiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder
shall operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies, notwithstanding the fact
that the right to exercise this Warrant terminates on the Termination Date. No provision of this Warrant shall be construed as a waiver
by the Holder of any rights which the Holder may have under the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations of the Commission
thereunder. Without limiting any other provision of this Warrant, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision
of this Warrant, which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient
to cover any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings,
incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies
hereunder.

5.8.
Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder including, without
limitation, any Notice of Exercise, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight
courier service, addressed to the Company, at 14001 Marshall Drive, Lenexa, KS 66215, Attention: Stanton Ross, Chief Executive Officer,
email address: stan.ross@digitalally.com, or such other email address or address as the Company may specify for such purposes by notice
to the Holders. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in writing
and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder at the e-mail
address or address of such Holder appearing on the books of the Company. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall
be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail
at the e-mail address set forth in this Section 5.8 prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day after
the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section 5.8
on a Calendar Day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading
Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the
party to whom such notice is required to be given. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material,
non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission
pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.

20

5.9.
Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant
to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of
the Holder for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company
or by creditors of the Company.

5.10.
Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages,
will be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate
compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to
assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

5.11.
Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby
shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted
assigns of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant
and shall be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

5.12.
Amendment. This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company,
on the one hand, and a majority-in-interest of Holders of the Warrants, on the other hand. No modification or amendment or modification
of the provisions hereof may be waived in a manner that is more favorable to other holder(s) of Warrants, as applicable, or to treat
any holder(s) of Warrants in a manner that is in any respect not equal to the treatment of all other holder(s) of Warrants.

5.13.
Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective
and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision
shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining
provisions of this Warrant.

5.14.
Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be
deemed a part of this Warrant.

********************

[DGLY
Investor Series A Registered Common Warrant Signature Page Follows]

21

[DGLY
Investor Series A Registered Common Warrant Signature Page]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Series A Registered Common Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized
as of the date first above indicated.

DIGITAL ALLY, INC.

By: 

Name: Stanton
Ross

Its: Chief
Executive Officer

Exhibit
2.1

NOTICE
OF EXERCISE

To:
DIGITAL ALLY, INC.

(1)
The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only
if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2)
Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box):

in
lawful money of the United States.

if
permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection
2.3, to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise
procedure set forth in subsection 2.3.

(3)
Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The
Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

[DGLY
Investor Series A Registered Common Warrant Exercise Notice Investor Signature Page]

Name
of Investing Entity: 

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: 

Name
of Authorized Signatory: 

Title
of Authorized Signatory: 

Date:

Exhibit
2.4.6

ASSIGNMENT
FORM

(To
assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to exercise the Warrant to purchase
shares of Common Stock.)

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

Address: 

Phone
Number: 

Email
Address: 

Date: 

Holders
Signature: 

Holders
Address:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex4-3.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
4.3

SERIES
B REGISTERED COMMON WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK

DIGITAL
ALLY, INC.

Warrant
Shares: [] Issuance
Date: February 14, 2025

THIS
WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, [] or its assigns
(the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter
set forth, at any time after Stockholder Approval Notice and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the thirty (30) month anniversary
of the Initial Exercise Date (the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from
Digital Ally, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), up to [] shares (as subject to adjustment
hereunder, the Warrant Shares) of Common Stock. Subject to the provisions of Section , the purchase price
of one (1) share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2.2.

1.
Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant or in the Underwriting Agreement, the following
terms have the meanings indicated in this Section 1:

1.1.
Affiliate means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is
controlled by or is under common control with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

1.2.
Bid Price means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a)
if the Common Stock is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the
nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based
on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market,
the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable,
(c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported
on the Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price
per share of Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an
independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably
acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

1.3.
Board of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

1.4.
Business Day means a Calendar Day other than a Saturday, Sunday or any other Calendar Day which is a federal
legal holiday in the United States or any Calendar Day on which the commercial banks in the City of New York are required by law or other
governmental action to close, provided that the commercial banks in the City of New York shall not be deemed to be required to
be closed due to a stay at home, shelter in place , non-essential employee or similar orders
or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic
funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in the City of New York generally are open for use by customers
on such Calendar Day.

1.5.
Calendar Day means each and every day of the week (Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday and
Saturday).

1.6.
Commission means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

1.7.
Common Stock means the common stock of the Company, $0.001 par value per share, and any other class of securities
into which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

1.8.
Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the
holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant
or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof
to receive, Common Stock.

1.9.
Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder.

1.10.
Floor Price means (i) prior to Stockholder Approval Notice, $0.0775, a price equal to fifty percent (50%)
of the Nasdaq Minimum Price immediately prior to the execution of the Underwriting Agreement, as defined in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(d)(1)(A)
(which price shall be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, reclassification or similar transaction
following the date of the Underwriting Agreement), or (ii) following Stockholder Approval Notice, $0.031, a price equal to twenty percent
(20%) of the Nasdaq Minimum Price immediately prior to the execution of the Underwriting Agreement, as defined in Nasdaq Listing Rule
5635(d)(1)(A) (which price shall be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, reclassification or
similar transaction following the date of the Underwriting Agreement).

1.11.
Initial Exercise Date means the calendar day of the Stockholder Approval Notice.

1.12.
Person means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association,
joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any
kind.

1.13.
Registration Statement means the Companys registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-284448).

1.14.
Reset Date means following the close of trading on the Trading Day immediately after the Reset Period End
Date.

2

1.15.
Reset Period means the period commencing on the Reset Period Commencement Date and ending following the close
of trading on the Reset Period End Date.

1.16.
Reset Period Commencement Date means the two full Trading Days immediately preceding the Stockholder Approval.

1.17.
Reset Period End Date means the tenth (10th) Trading Day after the Stockholder Approval Notice Date.

1.18.
Reset Price means the greater of (i) the lowest single Trading Day VWAP of the Common Stock during the Reset
Period and (ii) the Floor Price (as adjusted for forward and reverse stock splits, recapitalizations, stock dividends and the like after
the execution of the Underwriting Agreement).

1.19.
Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

1.20.
Series A Warrants shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Underwriting Agreement.

1.21.
Stockholder Approval means such approval as may be required by the applicable rules and regulations of The
Nasdaq Capital Market (or any successor entity) from the stockholders of the Company, or board of directors in lieu thereof, with respect
to issuance of all of the Warrants and the Warrant Shares upon the exercise thereof, including without limitation:

1.21.1.
to render inapplicable clause (i) of the definition of the Floor Price contained herein.

1.21.2.
to give full effect to the alternative cashless exercise provision pursuant to Section 2.3.

1.21.3.
to give full effect to the adjustment of the exercise price and number of shares of Common Stock underlying these Warrants pursuant to
Section 3.2.

1.21.4.
to consent to any adjustment to the exercise price or number of shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrants in the event of a Share
Combination Event pursuant to Section 3.8.

1.21.5.
to consent to the voluntary adjustment, from time to time, of the exercise price of any and all currently outstanding warrants pursuant
to Section 3.9.

1.21.6.
to give full effect to the adjustment of the exercise price and number of shares of Common Stock underlying the Series A Warrants pursuant
to the Series A Warrants.

3

1.21.7.
to approve, if necessary, a proposal to amend the Companys Articles of Incorporation, as amended, to increase the authorized share
capital of the Company to an amount sufficient to cover the shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of the Warrants.

1.22.
Stockholder Approval Notice means the time of public availability of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed
by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission giving public notice of Stockholder Approval.

1.23.
Stockholder Approval Notice Date means the Trading Day during which the Company files a Current Report on
Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission giving public notice of Stockholder Approval.

1.24.
Subsidiary means any subsidiary of the Company and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect
subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof.

1.25.
Trading Day means a Calendar Day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

1.26.
Trading Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted
for trading on the date in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select
Market, the New York Stock Exchange, OTCQB or OTCQX (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

1.27.
Transfer Agent means Securities Transfer Corporation, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing
address of 2901 N. Dallas Pkwy, Ste 380, Plano, TX 75093, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

1.28.
Underwriting Agreement means the underwriting agreement, dated as of February 13, 2025, between the Company
and Aegis Capital Corp., as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with its terms.

1.29.
VWAP means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if
the Common Stock is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date
(or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P.
(based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading
Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable,
(c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported
on the Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price
per share of Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an
independent appraiser selected in good faith by the holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably
acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

4

1.30.
Warrants means this Warrant and other Common Stock purchase warrants issued by the Company pursuant to the
Registration Statement.

2.
Exercise.

2.1.
Exercise of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any
time or times after the Stockholder Approval Notice and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed
PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 2.1
(the Notice of Exercise). Within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading
Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined in Section 2.4.1 herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the
Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer
or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless the alternative cashless exercise procedure specified in Section below
is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee
(or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant
Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the
Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days after the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company.
Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall
have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number
of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the
date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Trading Day after receipt of
such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of
this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase
hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

2.2.
Exercise Price. The exercise price per Warrant Share shall be $0.300, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise
Price).

2.3.
Alternative Cashless Exercise. Whether or not an effective registration statement is available for the issuance of the
Warrant Shares to the Holder, or the resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder, the Holder may also effect an alternative cashless
exercise. In such event, the aggregate number of Warrant Shares issuable in such alternative cashless exercise pursuant to any
given Notice of Exercise electing to effect an alternative cashless exercise shall equal the product of (i) the aggregate number of Warrant
Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means
of a cash exercise, multiplied by (ii) 3.0. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, on the Termination Date, this Warrant shall
be automatically exercised via an alternative cashless exercise pursuant to this Section 2.3.

5

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the
Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised. The Company agrees not
to take any position contrary to this Section 2.3.

2.4.
Mechanics of Exercise.

2.4.1.
Delivery of Warrant Shares upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted
by the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository
Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant
in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale
of the Warrant Shares by Holder or (B) this Warrant is being exercised via cashless exercise and otherwise by physical delivery of a
certificate or by electronic delivery (at the election of the Holder), for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled
pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earlier of (i) one
(1) Trading Day after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard
Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date).
Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of
the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares,
provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received within the earlier
of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period following delivery of the Notice
of Exercise. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for
purposes of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act to have become the holder of the Warrant Shares irrespective of the date of delivery
of the Warrant Shares. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise
by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each
$1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise),
$10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the third (3rd) Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each
Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company
agrees to maintain a Transfer Agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable.
As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of
Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of
the Notice of Exercise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Notice(s) of Exercise delivered on or prior to 12:00 p.m.
(New York City time) on the Initial Exercise Date, which may be delivered at any time after the time of execution of the Underwriting
Agreement, the Company agrees to deliver the Warrant Shares subject to such notice(s) by 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Initial
Exercise Date and the Initial Exercise Date shall be the Warrant Share Delivery Date for purposes hereunder, provided that payment of
the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received by such Warrant Share Delivery Date.

6

2.4.2.
Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request
of a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new
Warrant evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant
shall in all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

2.4.3.
Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant
to Section 2.4.1 by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

2.4.4.
Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available
to the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions
of Section 2.4.1 above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required
by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares
of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon
such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which
(x) the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds
(y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection
with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B)
at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise
was not honored and return any amount received by the Company in respect of the Exercise Price for those Warrant Shares (in which case
such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had
the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having
a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate
sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall
be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder
in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders
right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific
performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise
of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

2.4.5.
No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise
of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company
shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied
by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

7

2.4.6.
Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer
tax or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the
Company, and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder;
provided, however, that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder,
this Warrant when surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto as Exhibit 2.4.6 duly executed
by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax
incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-Trading Day processing of any Notice of Exercise
and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for
same-Trading Day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

2.4.7.
Closing of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise
of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

2.5.
Holders Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not
have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to
such issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates,
and any other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution
Parties)), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of
the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties
shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is
being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, unexercised
portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion
of the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock
Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the
Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2.5,
beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance
with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith.
To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2.5 applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in
relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant
is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders
determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates
and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation,
and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to
any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2.5, in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may
rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report
filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice
by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request
of a Holder, the Company shall within one (1) Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common
Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the
conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since
the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation
shall be 4.99% (or, upon election by a Holder prior to the issuance of any Warrants, 9.99%) of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice
to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2.5, provided that the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to
the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2.5 shall
continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until 61 Calendar Days after such notice
is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict
conformity with the terms of this Section 2.5 to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent
with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly
give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

8

3.
Certain Adjustments.

3.1.
Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or
otherwise makes a distribution or distributions on shares of Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable
in shares of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise
of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way
of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares
of Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of
which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before
such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the
number of Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this
Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3.1 shall become effective immediately after the record
date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after
the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

3.2.
Exercise Price and Warrant Shares Reset.

3.2.1.
Warrant Shares Reset Process. On the Reset Date, the Exercise Price shall be adjusted to equal the lower of (i) the Exercise
Price then in effect and (ii) the Reset Price. Upon such reset of the Exercise Price pursuant to this Section 3.2.1, the number of Warrant
Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be increased such that the aggregate Exercise Price payable hereunder, after taking
into account the decrease in the Exercise Price, shall be equal to the aggregate Exercise Price on the Issuance Date (adjusted for any
Warrants exercised or sold by the Holder prior to such Reset Date) for the Warrant Shares then outstanding, subject to adjustment for
any prior exercises pursuant to Section 3.2.2.

3.2.2.
Exercise Prior to Reset Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Holder requests to exercise this Warrant, in whole or
in part, prior to the Reset Date at any time following Stockholder Approval Notice on any given date which (i) the exercised Warrant
Shares are registered pursuant to an effective Registration Statement that is available for the issuance of such Warrant Shares, or (ii)
the Holder exercises this Warrant pursuant to an alternative cashless exercise (any such date, an Exercise Date),
then solely with respect to such portion of this Warrant being exercised on such applicable Exercise Date, (a) such applicable Reset
Date shall be deemed to mean the Exercise Date, (b) such applicable Reset Period End Date shall be deemed to have ended following the
close of trading on the Trading Day immediately prior to such exercise and (c) the applicable Reset Price for such exercised Warrants
shall be calculated pursuant to Section 3.2 solely with respect to such portion of this Warrant being exercised on such applicable Exercise
Date. For the avoidance of doubt, following the calculation of the Reset Price pursuant to this Section 3.2.2, the Companys obligations
with regard to such exercised Warrants shall be deemed satisfied and no additional Reset Price shall apply to such exercised Warrants.

9

3.3.
Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3.1 above, if at any time the Company grants,
issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to all (or
substantially all) of the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then
the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder
could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without
regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the
date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as
of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided,
however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial
ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall
be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation).

3.4.
Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend
or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to all (or substantially all) holders of shares of Common Stock,
by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property
or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction)
(a Distribution), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall
be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had
held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise
hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for
such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined
for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any
such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to
participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution
to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever,
as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). To the extent that this Warrant has
not been partially or completely exercised at the time of such Distribution, such portion of the Distribution shall be held in abeyance
for the benefit of the Holder until the Holder has exercised this Warrant.

10

3.5.
Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in
one or more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company or
any Subsidiary, directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all
or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender
offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted
to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of
the outstanding Common Stock or 50% or more of the voting power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly,
in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory
share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property,
or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other
business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with
another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires 50% or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock
or 50% or more of the voting power of the common equity of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction),
then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have
been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without
regard to any limitation in Section 2.5 on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring
corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration)
receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is
exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2.5 on the exercise of this
Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such
Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental
Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the
relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the
securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate
Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary,
in the event of a Fundamental Transaction, the Company or any Successor Entity (as defined below) shall, at the Holders option,
exercisable at any time concurrently with, or within 30 Trading Days after, the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction (or, if later,
the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction), purchase this Warrant from the Holder by paying to the
Holder an amount of cash equal to the Black Scholes Value (as defined below) of the remaining unexercised portion of this Warrant on
the date of the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction; provided, however, that, if the Fundamental Transaction is not within the
Companys control, including not approved by the Companys Board of Directors, the Holder shall only be entitled to receive
from the Company or any Successor Entity the same type or form of consideration (and in the same proportion), at the Black Scholes Value
of the unexercised portion of this Warrant, that is being offered and paid to the holders of Common Stock of the Company in connection
with the Fundamental Transaction, whether that consideration be in the form of cash, stock or any combination thereof, or whether the
holders of Common Stock are given the choice to receive from among alternative forms of consideration in connection with the Fundamental
Transaction; provided, further, that if holders of Common Stock of the Company are not offered or paid any consideration in such Fundamental
Transaction, such holders of Common Stock will be deemed to have received common stock/shares of the Successor Entity (which Entity may
be the Company following such Fundamental Transaction) in such Fundamental Transaction. Black Scholes Value
means the value of this Warrant based on the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model obtained from the OV function on Bloomberg,
L.P. (Bloomberg) determined as of the Trading Day of consummation of the applicable contemplated Fundamental
Transaction for pricing purposes and reflecting (A) a risk-free interest rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal
to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date,
(B) an expected volatility equal to the greater of (1) 100% and (2) the 100 day volatility as obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg
(determined utilizing a 365 Calendar Day annualization factor) as of the Trading Day immediately following the public announcement of
the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction, (C) the underlying price per share used in such calculation shall be the greater
of (i) the sum of the price per share being offered in cash, if any, plus the value of any non-cash consideration, if any, being offered
in such Fundamental Transaction and (ii) the highest VWAP during the period beginning on the Trading Day immediately preceding the public
announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction (or the consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction, if
earlier) and ending on the Trading Day of the Holders request pursuant to this Section 3.5 and (D) a remaining option time equal
to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date
and (E) a zero cost of borrow. The payment of the Black Scholes Value will be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds (or
such other consideration) within the later of (i) five (5) Business Days after the Holders election and (ii) the date of consummation
of the Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not
the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this
Warrant in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3.5 pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option
of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument
substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant that is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock
of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this
Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise
price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares
of Common Stock prior to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital
stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation
of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any
such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall be added to the term Company under this Warrant (so that from
and after the occurrence or consummation of such Fundamental Transaction, each and every provision of this Warrant referring to the Company
shall refer instead to each of the Company and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally), and the Successor
Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally with the Company, may exercise every right and power of the Company prior thereto
and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities shall assume all of the obligations of the Company prior thereto under this Warrant with
the same effect as if the Company and such Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally, had been named as the Company
herein. For the avoidance of doubt, the Holder shall be entitled to the benefits of the provisions of this Section 3.5 regardless of
(i) whether the Company has sufficient authorized shares of Common Stock for the issuance of Warrant Shares and/or (ii) whether a Fundamental
Transaction occurs prior to the Initial Exercise Date.

11

3.6.
Calculations. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest fraction of a cent as in the initial Exercise
Price or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed
to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares,
if any) issued and outstanding.

3.7.
Notice to Holder.

3.7.1.
Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the
Company shall promptly deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting
adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

3.7.2.
Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever
form) on the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock,
(C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares
of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with
any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) is a party, any
sale or transfer of all or substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into
other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding
up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder at its last email
address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 Calendar Days prior to the applicable record or effective
date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution,
redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to
be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected
that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of Common Stock for securities, cash or other property
deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver
such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified
in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding
the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report
on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the
effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

3.8.
Share Combination Event Adjustment. In addition to the adjustments set forth in Section 3.1 above, if at any time and from
time to time on or after the Issuance Date there occurs any share split, reverse share split, share dividend, share combination recapitalization
or other similar transaction involving the Common Stock (each, a Share Combination Event, and such date thereof,
the Share Combination Event Date) and the lowest VWAP during the five (5) consecutive Trading Days immediately
following the Share Combination Event Date (the Share Combination Adjustment Period, and such price, the
Event Market Price) is less than the Exercise Price then in effect (after giving effect to the adjustment
in clause 3.1 above), then immediately following the close of trading on the primary Trading Market on the last Trading Day of the Share
Combination Adjustment Period, the Exercise Price then in effect shall be reduced (but in no event increased) to the Event Market Price
and the number of Warrant Shares issuable hereunder shall be increased such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant on the
Issuance Date for the Warrant Shares then outstanding shall remain unchanged following such event; provided, however, if the Share Combination
Event is effective after close of Trading on the primary Trading Market, then the Share Combination Event Date shall be deemed to occur
on the next Trading Day, and the Share Combination Adjustment Period shall be adjusted accordingly; provided, further, that the adjustment
to the Exercise Price in this sentence shall not reduce the Exercise Price below the Floor Price; and provided further that notwithstanding
the foregoing, if one or more Share Combination Events occurred prior to the Stockholder Approval being obtained and the reduction of
the Exercise Price was limited by clause (i) of the definition of Floor Price, then once the Stockholder Approval is obtained, the Exercise
Price will automatically be reduced to equal the greater of (x) the lowest Event Market Price with respect to any Share Combination Event
that occurred prior to the Stockholder Approval being obtained, and (y) the price determined by reference to clause (ii) of the definition
of Floor Price. For the avoidance of doubt, (a) if the adjustment in the immediately preceding sentence would otherwise result in an
increase in the Exercise Price hereunder, no adjustment shall be made, and if this Warrant is exercised, on any given exercise date during
the Share Combination Adjustment Period, solely with respect to such portion of this Warrant exercised on such applicable exercise date,
such applicable Share Combination Adjustment Period shall be deemed to have ended on, and included, the Trading Day immediately prior
to such exercise date and the Event Market Price on such applicable exercise date will be the lowest VWAP of the Common Stock immediately
during such the Share Combination Adjustment Period prior to such exercise date and ending on, and including the Trading Day immediately
prior to such exercise date and (b) all adjustments pursuant to this Section 3.8 shall also be subject to Section 3.1 above, including
any Event Market Price.

12

3.9.
Voluntary Adjustment by Company. Subject to the rules and regulations of the Trading Market and the consent of the Holder,
the Company may at any time during the term of this Warrant reduce the then current Exercise Price to any amount and for any period of
time deemed appropriate by the Board of Directors.

3.10.
Stockholder Approval. The Company shall hold a special meeting of stockholders (which may also be at the annual meeting
of stockholders) at the earliest practicable date after the date hereof, but in no event later than sixty (60) Calendar Days after the
Closing Date for the purpose of obtaining Stockholder Approval, if required to effect the purpose thereof, with the recommendation of
the Board that such proposal be approved, and the Company shall solicit proxies from its stockholders in connection therewith in the
same manner as all other management proposals in such proxy statement and all management-appointed proxyholders shall vote their proxies
in favor of such proposal. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to obtain such Stockholder Approval. The Company shall file
a Current Report on Form 8-K giving notice of obtaining Stockholder Approval no later than prior to the commencement of trading on the
Trading Market one (1) Trading Day following the time of obtaining Stockholder Approval; provided that if the Stockholder Approval occurs
during trading hours, the Company shall file a Current Report on Form 8-K giving notice of obtaining Stockholder Approval no later than
two (2) hours following the time of obtaining Stockholder Approval. If the Company does not obtain Stockholder Approval at the first
meeting, the Company shall call a meeting every sixty (60) days thereafter to seek Stockholder Approval until the earlier of the date
Stockholder Approval is obtained or these Warrants are no longer outstanding.

3.11.
Variable Rate Transactions. The Company, at any time until the six (6) month anniversary of the Initial Exercise Date:
shall be prohibited from effecting or entering into an agreement to effect any issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of
Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (or a combination of units thereof) involving a Variable Rate Transaction. Variable
Rate Transaction means a transaction in which the Company (i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible
into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include the right to receive, additional shares of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion
price, exercise price or exchange rate or other price that is based upon, and/or varies with, the trading prices of or quotations for
the shares of Common Stock at any time after the initial issuance of such debt or equity securities or (B) with a conversion, exercise
or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon
the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the
shares of Common Stock or (ii) enters into, or effects a transaction under, any agreement, including, but not limited to, an equity line
of credit, whereby the Company may issue securities at a future determined price. The Holder shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief
against the Company to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect damages and any adjustments
herein.

13

4.
Transfer of Warrant.

4.1.
Transferability. This Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable,
in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written
assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 2.4.6 duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney
and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment,
the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination
or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of
this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder
shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which
case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days after the date on which the Holder delivers
an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised
by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

4.2.
New Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office
of the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed
by the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4.1, as to any transfer which may be involved in such division
or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided
or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial Issuance Date of
this Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

4.3.
Warrant Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose
(the Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and
treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to
the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

5.
Miscellaneous.

5.1.
No Rights as Stockholder until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting
rights, dividends or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2.4.1, except
as expressly set forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on an alternative cashless
exercise pursuant to Section 2.3 or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2.4.1 and Section 2.4.4 herein, in no event shall
the Company be required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

14

5.2.
Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares,
and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant,
shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the
Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant
or stock certificate.

5.3.
Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right
required or granted herein shall not be a Trading Day, then such action may be taken, or such right may be exercised, on the next succeeding
Trading Day.

5.4.
Authorized Shares.

5.4.1.
Reservation of Authorized and Unissued Shares. The Company covenants that, during the period commencing on the Stockholder
Approval Notice Date through the term of the Warrant, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number
of shares of Common Stock to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant
and assuming that the number of Warrant Shares is being determined based on a Reset Price equal to clause (ii) of the Floor Price. The
Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the
duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such
reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable
law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that
all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the
purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued,
fully paid and nonassessable (which means that no further sums are required to be paid by the holders thereof in connection with the
issue thereof) and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in
respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

15

5.4.2.
Noncircumvention. Except and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action,
including, without limitation, amending its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation,
merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance
of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking
of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount
payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or
appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of
this Warrant, assuming that the number of Warrant Shares is being determined based on a Reset Price equal to clause (ii) of the Floor
Price and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory
body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

5.4.3.
Authorizations, Exemptions and Consents. Before taking any action that would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant
Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions
thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

5.5.
Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall
be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles
of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of
the transactions contemplated by this Warrant (whether brought against a party hereto or their respective affiliates, directors, officers,
stockholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City
of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City
of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated
hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that
it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient
venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any
such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery)
to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Warrant and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient
service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any
other manner permitted by law. If either party shall commence an action, suit or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Warrant,
the prevailing party in such action, suit or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for their reasonable attorneys
fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, nothing in this paragraph shall limit or restrict the federal district court in which a Holder may bring a claim under
the federal securities laws.

16

5.6.
Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered,
and the Holder does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

5.7.
Nonwaiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder
shall operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies, notwithstanding the fact
that the right to exercise this Warrant terminates on the Termination Date. No provision of this Warrant shall be construed as a waiver
by the Holder of any rights which the Holder may have under the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations of the Commission
thereunder. Without limiting any other provision of this Warrant, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision
of this Warrant, which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient
to cover any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings,
incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies
hereunder.

5.8.
Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder including, without
limitation, any Notice of Exercise, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight
courier service, addressed to the Company, at 14001 Marshall Drive, Lenexa, KS 66215, Attention: Stanton Ross, Chief Executive Officer,
email address: stan.ross@digitalally.com, or such other email address or address as the Company may specify for such purposes by notice
to the Holders. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in writing
and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder at the e-mail
address or address of such Holder appearing on the books of the Company. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall
be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail
at the e-mail address set forth in this Section 5.8 prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day after
the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section 5.8
on a Calendar Day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading
Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the
party to whom such notice is required to be given. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material,
non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission
pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.

5.9.
Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant
to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of
the Holder for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company
or by creditors of the Company.

17

5.10.
Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages,
will be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate
compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to
assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

5.11.
Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby
shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted
assigns of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant
and shall be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

5.12.
Amendment. This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company,
on the one hand, and a majority-in-interest of Holders of the Warrants, on the other hand. No modification or amendment or modification
of the provisions hereof may be waived in a manner that is more favorable to other holder(s) of Warrants, as applicable, or to treat
any holder(s) of Warrants in a manner that is in any respect not equal to the treatment of all other holder(s) of Warrants.

5.13.
Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective
and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision
shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining
provisions of this Warrant.

5.14.
Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be
deemed a part of this Warrant.

********************

[DGLY
Investor Series B Registered Common Warrant Signature Page Follows]

18

[DGLY
Investor Series B Registered Common Warrant Signature Page]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Series B Registered Common Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized
as of the date first above indicated.

DIGITAL ALLY, INC.

By: 

Name: Stanton
Ross

Its: Chief
Executive Officer

Exhibit
2.1

NOTICE
OF EXERCISE

To:
DIGITAL ALLY, INC.

(1)
The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only
if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2)
Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box):

in
lawful money of the United States.

if
permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection
2.3, to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise
procedure set forth in subsection 2.3.

if
permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the provisions of subsection 2.3,
to exercise this Warrant pursuant to the alternative cashless exercise procedure set forth in subsection 2.3.

(3)
Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The
Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

[DGLY
Investor Series B Registered Common Warrant Exercise Notice Investor Signature Page]

Name
of Investing Entity: 

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: 

Name
of Authorized Signatory: 

Title
of Authorized Signatory: 

Date:

Exhibit
2.4.6

ASSIGNMENT
FORM

(To
assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to exercise the Warrant to purchase
shares of Common Stock.)

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

Address: 

Phone
Number: 

Email
Address: 

Date: 

Holders
Signature: 

Holders
Address:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

Underwriting
Agreement

February
13, 2025

Aegis Capital
Corp.

1345 Avenue
of the Americas, 27th Floor

New York,
N.Y. 10105

Ladies
and Gentlemen:

Digital
Ally, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), agrees, subject to the terms and conditions in this agreement
(this Agreement), to issue and sell to Aegis Capital Corp. (the Underwriter)
an aggregate of 100,000,000 of the Companys units (each, a Closing Unit), with each Closing
Unit consisting of either: (A) one (1) share of Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share, of the Company (the Common Stock);
one (1) Series A warrant (Series A Warrant) to purchase one (1) share of Common Stock at a per share exercise
price of $0.1875 (representing 125.0% of the per Closing Common Unit (as defined below) offering price) and one (1) Series B warrant
(Series B Warrant) to purchase one (1) share of Common Stock at a per share exercise price of $0.3000
(representing 200.0% of the per Closing Common Unit offering price) (each, a Closing Common Unit); or
(B) one (1) pre-funded warrant (each, a Pre-funded Warrant) to purchase one (1) share of Common Stock at
an exercise price of $0.001; one (1) Series A Warrant and one (1) Series B Warrant (each, a Closing Pre-funded Unit).
The shares of Common Stock referred to in this Section are hereinafter referred to as the Closing Shares;
the warrants referred to in this paragraph are hereinafter referred to as the Closing Warrants; and the Pre-funded
Warrants referred to in this Section are hereinafter referred to as the Closing Pre-funded Warrants. No Closing
Common Units will be certificated, and the Closing Shares and the Closing Warrants comprising the Closing Common Units will be separated
immediately upon issuance. No Closing Pre-funded Units will be certificated, and the Closing Pre-funded Warrants and the Closing Warrants
comprising the Closing Pre-funded Units will be separated immediately upon issuance. At the option of the Underwriter, the Company agrees,
subject to the terms and conditions herein, to issue and sell additional Option Securities (as defined in Section 4.2 hereof). The Closing
Units and the Option Securities are herein referred to collectively as the Securities. The number of Closing
Units and Option Securities to be purchased by the Underwriter is set forth opposite its name in Schedule 4.1.2 hereto. Aegis Capital
Corp. has agreed to act as the Underwriter in connection with the offering and sale of the Securities.

1. Definitions.

1.1.
Affiliate has the meaning set forth in Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

1.2.
Applicable Time means 7:00 AM Eastern Time on the date hereof.

1.3.
Bona Fide Electronic Road Show means a bona fide electronic road show (as defined in Rule 433(h)(5)
under the Securities Act) that the Company has made available without restriction by graphic means (as defined in Rule
405 under the Securities Act) to any person.

1.4.
Business Day means a Calendar Day other than a Saturday, Sunday or any other Calendar Day which is a federal
legal holiday in the United States or any Calendar Day on which the commercial banks in the City of New York are required by law or other
governmental action to close, provided that the commercial banks in the City of New York shall not be deemed to be required to be closed
due to a stay at home, shelter in place, non-essential employee or similar orders or restrictions
or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer
systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in the City of New York generally are open for use by customers on such Calendar
Day.

1.5.
Calendar Day means each and every day of the week (Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday and
Saturday).

1.6.
Commission means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

1.7.
Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder.

1.8.
Final Prospectus means the prospectus in the form first filed with the Commission pursuant to and within
the time limits described in Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act.

1.9.
Free Writing Prospectus has the meaning set forth in Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

1.10.
Indebtedness means (a) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess of $50,000 in aggregate
(other than trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (b) all guaranties, endorsements and other contingent
obligations in respect of indebtedness of others, whether or not the same are or should be reflected in the Companys consolidated
balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar
transactions in the ordinary course of business; and (c) the present value of any lease payments in excess of $50,000 in aggregate due
under leases required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP.

1.11.
Investment Company Act means the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder.

1.12.
Issuer Free Writing Prospectus means an issuer free writing prospectus (as defined in Rule
433(h)(1) under the Securities Act).

1.13.
Person means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association,
joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any
kind.

1.14.
Preliminary Prospectus means any preliminary prospectus included in the Registration Statement prior to the
time at which the Commission declared the Registration Statement effective.

2 

1.15.
Pricing Disclosure Package means the Preliminary Prospectus collectively with this Agreement (including
documents attached hereto or incorporated by reference herein) and the documents and pricing information set forth in Schedule 1.15
hereto.

1.16.
Prospectus Delivery Period means such period of time after the first date of the public offering of the Units
as in the opinion of counsel for the Underwriter a prospectus relating to the Units is required by law to be delivered (or required to
be delivered but for Rule 172 under the Securities Act) in connection with sales of the Units by the Underwriter or dealer.

1.17.
Registration Statement means (a) the registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-284448), including
a prospectus, registering the offer and sale of the Closing Units under the Securities Act as amended at the time the Commission declared
it effective, including each of the exhibits, financial statements and schedules thereto, (b) any Rule 430A Information, and (c) any
Rule 462(b) Registration Statement, including in each case any documents incorporated by reference therein.

1.18.
Release Date means the date that the Company obtains the Stockholder Approval or a Board Approval in lieu
of Stockholder Approval to effect the purposes of the Stockholder Approval.

1.19.
Rule 430A Information means the information deemed, pursuant to Rule 430A under the Securities Act, to be
part of the Registration Statement at the time the Commission declared the Registration Statement effective.

1.20.
Rule 462(b) Registration Statement means an abbreviated registration statement to register the offer and
sale of additional Units pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act.

1.21.
Sarbanes-Oxley Act means the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder.

1.22.
Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

1.23.
Standstill Period has the meaning set forth in Section 5.10.1 hereof.

1.24.
Testing-the-Waters Communication means any oral or Written Communication with potential investors undertaken
in reliance on Section 5(d) of the Securities Act and Rule 163B thereunder.

1.25.
U.S. Company Counsel means Sullivan & Worcester LLP, with offices at 1251 Avenue of the Americas New
York, NY 10020.

1.26.
Written Communication has the meaning set forth in Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

3 

1.27.
Written Testing-the-Waters Communications means any Testing-the-Waters Communication that is a Written Communication.

2. Representations and Warranties
of the Company. The Company hereby represents and warrants to, and agrees with, the Underwriter that the following matters are
true and accurate and do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. Any certificate signed by an officer of the Company and delivered to the
Underwriter or to counsel for the Underwriter shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by the Company to the Underwriter as
to the matters set forth therein.

2.1.
Registration Statement. The Company has prepared and filed the Registration Statement with the Commission under the Securities
Act. The Commission has declared the Registration Statement effective under the Securities Act and the Company has not as of the date
of this Agreement filed a post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement. The Commission has not issued any order suspending
the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any order preventing or suspending the use of the Registration Statement, the Final
Prospectus, any Preliminary Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or any Testing-the-Waters Communication, and no proceedings
for such purpose or pursuant to Section 8A of the Securities Act have been initiated, are pending before or, to the Companys knowledge,
threatened by the Commission.

2.1.1.
The Registration Statement, at the time it became effective, did not contain, and any post-effective amendment thereto, as of the
effective date of such amendment, will not contain, any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; provided that the Company makes no
representation or warranty with respect to any statements or omissions made in reliance upon and in conformity with information
relating to the Underwriter furnished to the Company in writing by the Underwriter expressly for use in the Registration Statement
(including any post-effective amendment thereto), the Pricing Disclosure Package, the Final Prospectus (including any amendments or
supplements thereto), any Preliminary Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or any Testing-the-Waters Communication, it
being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by the Underwriter consists of the information described in
Section 9.3 hereof (collectively, the Underwriter Information).

2.1.2.
Each of the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, at the time it became effective and at the date hereof,
complied and will comply in all material respects with the Securities Act.

2.2.
Pricing Disclosure Package. The Pricing Disclosure Package, as of the Applicable Time, did not, and as of the Closing Date
(as defined below) and as of any Additional Closing Date (as defined below), as the case may be, will not, contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading; provided that the Company makes no representation or warranty with respect to any
statements or omissions made in reliance upon and in conformity with the Underwriter Information.

4 

2.3.
Final Prospectus.

2.3.1.
Each of the Final Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto, as of its date, as of the time it is filed with the Commission
pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act, as of the Closing Date and as of any Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, will
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein,
in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided that the Company makes no representation
or warranty with respect to any statements or omissions made in reliance upon and in conformity with the Underwriter Information.

2.3.2.
Each of the Final Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto, at the time it is filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule
424(b) under the Securities Act, as of the Closing Date and as of any Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, will comply in all
material respects with the Securities Act.

2.4.
Preliminary Prospectuses.

2.4.1.
Each Preliminary Prospectus, when considered together with any amendments or supplements thereto, as of the time it was filed with the
Commission pursuant to Rule 424(a) under the Securities Act, if any, did not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit
to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading; provided that the Company makes no representation or warranty with respect to any statements or omissions made
in reliance upon and in conformity with the Underwriter Information.

2.4.2.
Each Preliminary Prospectus, when considered together with any amendments or supplements thereto, at the time it was filed with the Commission
pursuant to Rule 424(a) under the Securities Act, if any, complied in all material respects with the Securities Act.

2.5.
Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses.

2.5.1.
Each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, when considered together with the Preliminary Prospectus accompanying, or delivered prior to the
delivery of, such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, did not, as of the date of such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, and will not, as of
the Closing Date and as of any Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading; provided that the Company makes no representation or warranty with respect to any statements or omissions made
in reliance upon and in conformity with the Underwriter Information.

5 

2.5.2.
Each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, at the time of filing with the Commission, complied or will comply in all material respects with
the Securities Act.

2.5.3.
The Company has filed, or will file, with the Commission, within the time period specified in Rule 433(d) under the Securities Act, any
Free Writing Prospectus it is required to file pursuant to Rule 433(d) under the Securities Act. The Company has made available any Bona
Fide Electronic Road Show used by it in compliance with Rule 433(d)(8)(ii) under the Securities Act such that no filing of any road
show (as defined in Rule 433(h) under the Securities Act) (Road Show) is required in connection with
the offering of the Units.

2.5.4.
Except for the Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses, if any, set forth in Schedule 2.5.4 hereto and electronic road shows, if any,
each furnished to the Underwriter before first use, the Company has not used, authorized the use of, referred to or participated in
the planning for use of, and will not, without the prior consent of the Underwriter, use, authorize the use of, refer to or
participate in the planning for use of, any Free Writing Prospectus.

2.6.
Testing-the-Waters Communications. The Company has not (x) alone engaged in any Testing-the-Waters Communication other
than Testing-the-Waters Communications with the consent of the Underwriter or any underwriter that the Company has previously identified
to the Underwriter with entities that are qualified institutional buyers within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Act or institutions
that are accredited investors within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Act, and (y) authorized anyone other than the Underwriters, or
any underwriter that the Company has previously identified to the Representatives, to engage in Testing-the-Waters Communications.

2.7.
No Other Disclosure Materials. Other than the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package, the Final Prospectus
and the Road Show, the Company (including its agents and representatives, other than the Underwriter or any underwriter that the Company
has previously identified to the Underwriter, as to which no representation or warranty is given) has not, directly or indirectly, distributed,
prepared, used, authorized, approved or referred to, and will not distribute, prepare, use, authorize, approve or refer to, any offering
material in connection with the offering and sale of the Units.

2.8.
Ineligible Issuer. At the time of filing of the registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-284448) registering the
offer and sale of the Securities submitted to the Commission on January 24, 2025 and any amendment thereto and at the date hereof, the
Company was not and is not an ineligible issuer (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act).

2.9.
Smaller Reporting Company. From the time of initial filing of the Registration Statement with the Commission (or, if earlier,
the first date on which the Company engaged directly or through any person authorized to act on its behalf in any Testing-the-Waters
Communication) through the date hereof, the Company has been and is a smaller reporting company, as defined in Rule 12b-2
under the Exchange Act.

6 

2.10.
Due Authorization. The Company has full right, power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to perform
its obligations hereunder; and all action required to be taken for the due and proper authorization, execution and delivery by it of
this Agreement and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby has been duly and validly taken.

2.11.
Underwriting Agreement. This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company and, assuming the
due authorization, execution and delivery by the other parties hereto, constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company,
enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as (i) the enforcement may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency,
fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws relating to or affecting the rights and remedies of creditors generally
or by general equitable principles (whether considered in a proceeding at law or in equity) relating to enforceability and (ii) rights
to indemnification and contribution hereunder may be limited by applicable law and public policy considerations.

2.12.
No Material Adverse Change. Except as otherwise disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package
and the Final Prospectus (in each case exclusive of any amendment or supplement thereto), since the date of the most recent financial
statements included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus:
(i) there has been no material adverse change, or any development that could result in a material adverse change, in or affecting the
condition (financial or otherwise), earnings, business, properties, management, financial position, stockholders equity, or results
of operations, whether or not arising from transactions in the ordinary course of business, of the Company and its subsidiaries, considered
as a whole; (ii) there has been no change in the share capital (other than (A) the issuance of Shares upon the exercise or settlement
(including any net or cashless exercises or settlements) of stock options, restricted stock units or warrants
described as outstanding, (B) the grant of options and awards under existing equity incentive plans, or (C) the repurchase of shares
of Common Stock by the Company, which were issued pursuant to the early exercise of stock options by option holders and are subject to
repurchase by the Company, in each case, as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus),
or material change in the short-term debt or long-term debt of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, considered as a whole; and (iii)
the Company and its subsidiaries, considered as a whole, have not incurred any material liability or obligation, indirect, direct or
contingent (whether or not in the ordinary course of business); nor entered into any transaction or agreement (whether or not in the
ordinary course of business) that is material to the Company and its subsidiaries, considered as a whole; and (iv) there has been no
dividend or distribution of any kind declared, set aside for payment, paid or made by the Company or, except for dividends paid to the
Company or other subsidiaries of the Company, any of its subsidiaries on any class of capital stock or repurchase or redemption by the
Company or any of its subsidiaries of any class of capital stock.

7 

2.13.
Organization and Good Standing of the Company and its Subsidiaries. The Company and each of its subsidiaries have been
duly incorporated and are validly existing and in good standing under the laws of their respective jurisdictions of organization, are
duly qualified to do business and are in good standing in each jurisdiction in which their respective ownership or lease of property
or the conduct of their respective businesses requires such qualification, and have all power and authority (corporate and other) necessary
to own, lease or hold their respective properties and to conduct the businesses in which they are engaged as described in the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus, except where the failure to be in good standing, to be so qualified
or to have such power or authority could not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on the condition (financial
or otherwise), earnings, business, properties, management, financial position, stockholders equity, or results of operations of
the Company and its subsidiaries, considered as a whole, or adversely affect the performance by the Company of its obligations under
this Agreement (a Material Adverse Effect).

2.14.
Capitalization. The capitalization of the Company is as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure
Package and the Final Prospectus under the heading Capitalization. All of the outstanding capital stock of the Company
has been duly authorized and validly issued and is fully paid and non-assessable. The Securities have been duly authorized and, when
issued and paid for as contemplated herein and in the Securities, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable; the holders
thereof are not and will not be subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders; the Securities are not and will not be
subject to the preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the Company;
and all corporate action required to be taken for the authorization, issuance and sale of the Securities has been duly and validly taken.
None of the outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company were issued in violation of any preemptive rights, rights of first refusal
or other similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities of the Company. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the
Pricing Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus, there are no authorized or outstanding options, warrants, preemptive rights, rights
of first refusal or other rights to acquire, or instruments convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for, any Shares of, or other
equity interest in, the Company or any of its subsidiaries. All of the outstanding shares of, or other equity interest in, each of the
Companys subsidiaries (i) have been duly authorized and validly issued, (ii) are fully paid and non-assessable and (iii) are owned
by the Company, directly or through the Companys subsidiaries, free and clear of any security interest, mortgage, pledge, lien,
encumbrance, charge, claim or restriction on voting or transfer (collectively, Liens).

2.15.
Common Stock Incentive Plans. With respect to the Common Stock options (the Stock Options)
granted pursuant to the Common Stock-based compensation plans of the Company and its subsidiaries (the Company Common Stock
Incentive Plans), (i) each Stock Option intended to qualify as an incentive stock option under Section 422
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), so qualifies, (ii) each grant of a Stock Option
was duly authorized by all necessary corporate action, including, as applicable, approval by the board of directors of the Company (or
a duly constituted and authorized committee thereof) and any required stockholders approval by the necessary number of votes or written
consents, and the award agreement governing such grant (if any), to the Companys knowledge, was duly executed and delivered by
each party thereto, (iii) each such grant was made in all material respects in accordance with the terms of the Company Common Stock
Incentive Plans, and (iv) each such grant was properly accounted for in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles
applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (GAAP) in the financial statements (including the
related notes) of the Company.

8 

2.16.
No Violation or Default. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is: (i) in violation of its charter, by-laws or
similar organizational documents; (ii) in default, and no event has occurred that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute
such a default, in the due performance or observance of any term, covenant, condition or other obligation contained in any indenture,
mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement, contract, undertaking or other agreement or instrument to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries
is a party or by which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is bound or to which any property, right or asset of the Company or any
of its subsidiaries is subject; or (iii) in violation of any law or statute applicable to the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any
judgment, order, rule or regulation of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority having jurisdiction over the Company
or any of its subsidiaries, or any of their respective properties or assets, except, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above, for
any such default or violation that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.

2.17.
No Conflicts. None of (i) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Company, (ii) the issuance,
sale and delivery of the Closing Units or the Option Securities, (iii) the application of the proceeds of the offering as described under
Use of Proceeds in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus, or (iv) the consummation
of the transactions contemplated herein will: (x) result in any violation of the terms or provisions of the charter, by-laws or similar
organizational documents of the Company or any of its subsidiaries; (y) conflict with, result in a breach or violation of, or require
the approval of stockholders, members or partners or any approval or consent of any persons under, any of the terms or provisions of,
constitute a default under, result in the termination, modification, or acceleration of, or result in the creation or imposition of any
lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property, right or asset of the Company or any of its subsidiaries pursuant to, any indenture, mortgage,
deed of trust, loan agreement, note agreement, contract, undertaking or other agreement, obligation, condition, covenant or instrument
to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is bound or to which any
property, right or asset of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is subject; or (z) result in the violation of any law, statute, judgment,
order, rule, decree or regulation applicable to the Company or any of its subsidiaries of any court, arbitrator, governmental or regulatory
authority, agency or body having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any of their respective properties or assets.

2.18.
No Consents Required. No consent, approval, authorization, order, filing, registration, license or qualification of or
with any court, arbitrator, or governmental or regulatory authority, agency, or body is required for (i) the execution, delivery and
performance by the Company of this Agreement; (ii) the issuance, sale and delivery of the Securities ; or (iii) the consummation of the
transactions contemplated herein, except for such consents, approvals, authorizations, orders, filings, registrations or qualifications
as (x) have already been obtained or made and are still in full force and effect, (y) may be required by FINRA and the Nasdaq Capital
Market, and (z) may be required under applicable state securities laws in connection with the purchase, distribution and resale of the
Securities by the Underwriter.

9 

2.19.
Independent Accountants. RBSM LLP, with offices at 805 Third Avenue Suite 1430 New York, NY 10022, which expressed its
opinion with respect to the financial statements (which term as used in this Agreement includes the related notes thereto) and supporting
schedules included in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus, is an independent registered
public accounting firm with respect to the Company and its subsidiaries within the meaning of the rules and regulations of the Commission
and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board and as required by the Securities Act.

2.20.
Financial Statements and Other Financial Data. The financial statements (including the related notes thereto), together
with the supporting schedules, included in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus comply
in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act and present fairly the consolidated financial position
of the entities to which they relate as of and at the dates indicated and the results of their operations and cash flows for the periods
specified. Such financial statements, notes and schedules have been prepared in conformity with GAAP applied on a consistent basis throughout
the periods involved, except as may be expressly stated in the notes thereto and except, in the case of unaudited interim financial statements,
subject to normal year end audit adjustments and the exclusion of certain footnotes as permitted by the applicable rules of the Commission.
The financial data set forth in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus under the captions
Capitalization present fairly the information set forth therein on a basis consistent with that of the audited financial
statements included in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus.

2.21.
Statistical and Market-Related Data. The statistical and market-related data included in the Registration Statement, the
Pricing Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus are based on or derived from sources that the Company reasonably and in good faith
believes to be accurate and reliable in all material respects.

2.22.
Forward-Looking Statements. No forward-looking statement (within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section
21E of the Exchange Act) included in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Final Prospectus has been made
or reaffirmed without a reasonable basis or has been disclosed other than in good faith.

2.23.
Legal Proceedings. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus,
(i) there are no legal, governmental or regulatory investigations, actions, demands, claims, suits, arbitrations, inquiries or proceedings
(collectively, Actions) pending to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is or may be a party or to
which any property, right or asset of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is or may be the subject that, individually or in the aggregate,
if determined adversely to the Company or any of its subsidiaries, could have a Material Adverse Effect; and (ii) to the knowledge of
the Company, no such Actions are threatened or contemplated by any governmental or regulatory authority or by others.

10 

2.24.
Labor Disputes. No labor disturbance by or dispute with the employees of the Company or any of its subsidiaries exists
or, to the knowledge of the Company, is threatened or contemplated that could, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse
Effect.

2.25.
Intellectual Property Rights. (i) The Company and its subsidiaries own or have the right to use all patents, patent applications,
trademarks, service marks, trade names, and other source indicators and registrations and applications for registration thereof, domain
name registrations, copyrights and registrations and applications for registration thereof, technology and know-how, trade secrets, and
all other intellectual property and related proprietary rights (collectively, Intellectual Property Rights)
necessary to conduct their respective businesses; (ii) other than as disclosed in the Prospectus, neither the Company nor any of its
subsidiaries has received any notice of infringement, misappropriation or other conflict with (and neither the Company nor any of its
subsidiaries is otherwise aware of any infringement, misappropriation or other conflict with) the Intellectual Property Rights of any
other person, except for such infringement, misappropriation or other conflict as could not have a Material Adverse Effect; and (iii)
to the knowledge of the Company, the Intellectual Property Rights of the Company and its subsidiaries are not being infringed, misappropriated
or otherwise violated by any person.

2.26.
Licenses and Permits. (i) The Company and its subsidiaries possess such valid and current certificates, authorizations,
approvals, licenses and permits (collectively, Authorizations) issued by, and have made all declarations,
amendments, supplements and filings with, the appropriate state, federal or foreign regulatory agencies or bodies necessary to own, lease
and operate their respective properties and to conduct their respective businesses as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Pricing
Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus; (ii) all such Authorizations are valid and in full force and effect and the Company and
its subsidiaries are in compliance with the terms and conditions of all such Authorizations; and (iii) neither the Company nor any of
its subsidiaries has received notice of any revocation, termination or modification of, or non-compliance with, any such Authorization
or has any reason to believe that any such Authorization will not be renewed in the ordinary course, except where, in the case of clauses
(i), (ii) and (iii), the failure to possess, make or obtain such Authorizations (by possession, declaration or filing) could not, individually
or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.

2.27.
Title to Property. The Company and its subsidiaries have good and marketable title to, or have valid and enforceable rights
to lease or otherwise use, all items of real property and personal property (other than with respect to Intellectual Property Rights,
which is addressed exclusively in Section 2.25) that are material to the respective businesses of the Company and its subsidiaries,
in each case, free and clear of all liens, encumbrances, claims, and defects and imperfections of title, except such liens, encumbrances,
claims, defects and imperfections as (i) are disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus,
or (ii) do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially interfere with the use made or proposed to be made
of such property by the Company and its subsidiaries. The Company and its subsidiaries have good and marketable title to, or have valid
and enforceable rights to lease or otherwise use, all items of real and personal property that are material to the respective businesses
of the Company and its subsidiaries, in each case, free and clear of all liens, encumbrances, claims and defects and imperfections of
title, except such liens, encumbrances, claims, defects and imperfections as (i) are disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing
Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus, or (ii) do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially interfere
with the use made or proposed to be made of such property by the Company and its subsidiaries. All items of real and personal property
held under lease by the Company and its subsidiaries are held under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases, with such exceptions as
do not materially interfere with the use made or proposed to be made of such property by the Company and its subsidiaries.

11 

2.28. Taxes.
The Company and each of its subsidiaries have filed all federal, state, local and foreign tax returns required to be filed through
the date hereof or have timely requested extensions thereof and have paid all taxes required to be paid thereon (except as currently
being contested in good faith and for which reserves required by GAAP have been created in the financial statements of the Company).
The charges, accruals and reserves in respect of any income and other tax liability in the financial statements of the Company
referred to in Section 2.20 are adequate, in accordance with GAAP principles, to meet any assessments for any taxes of the Company
accruing through the end of the last period specified in such financial statements.

2.29.
Solvency. Based on the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the Closing Date, after giving effect to the
receipt by the Company of the proceeds from the sale of the Closing Units hereunder, (i) the fair saleable value of the Companys
assets exceeds the amount that will be required to be paid on or in respect of the Companys existing debts and other liabilities
(including known contingent liabilities) as they mature, (ii) the Companys assets do not constitute unreasonably small capital
to carry on its business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted including its capital needs taking into account the particular
capital requirements of the business conducted by the Company, consolidated and projected capital requirements and capital availability
thereof, and (iii) the current cash flow of the Company, together with the proceeds the Company would receive, were it to liquidate all
of its assets, after taking into account all anticipated uses of the cash, would be sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of
its liabilities when such amounts are required to be paid. The Company does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such
debts as they mature (taking into account the timing and amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt). The Company has
no knowledge of any facts or circumstances which lead it to believe that it will file for reorganization or liquidation under the bankruptcy
or reorganization laws of any jurisdiction within one year after the Closing Date. The Registration Statement sets forth as of the date
hereof all outstanding secured and unsecured Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary, or for which the Company or any Subsidiary
has commitments. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default with respect to any Indebtedness.

2.30.
Investment Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is or, after giving effect to the offer and sale
of the Securities and the application of the proceeds therefrom as described under Use of Proceeds in the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus, will be required to register as an investment company
(as defined in the Investment Company Act).

12 

2.31.
Insurance. The Company and its subsidiaries are insured by recognized, financially sound institutions in such amounts,
with such amounts, with such deductibles and covering such losses and risks as the Company reasonably believes to be adequate for the
conduct of their respective businesses and the value of their respective properties and as is prudent and customary for companies engaged
in similar businesses in similar industries. All insurance policies and fidelity or surety bonds insuring the Company and its subsidiaries
or their respective businesses, assets, employees, officers and directors are in full force and effect; the Company and its subsidiaries
are in compliance with the terms of such policies in all material respects; neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received
notice from any insurer or agent of such insurer that capital improvements or other expenditures are required to be made in order to
continue such insurance; and neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has been refused any insurance coverage sought or applied
for. There are no claims by the Company or any of its subsidiaries under any such policy as to which any insurer is denying liability
or defending under a reservation of rights clause; and neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has any reason to believe that
it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar
insurers as may be necessary to continue its business at a cost that could not have a Material Adverse Effect.

2.32.
No Stabilization or Manipulation. None of the Company, nor its Affiliates, or, to the knowledge of the Company, any person
acting on its or any of their behalf (other than the Underwriter, as to which no representation or warranty is given) has taken, directly
or indirectly, any action designed to or that has constituted or that could reasonably be expected to cause or result in the stabilization
or manipulation of the price of any securities of the Company. The Company acknowledges that the Underwriter may engage in passive market
making transactions in the Common Stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market (the Exchange) in accordance with Regulation
M under the Exchange Act (Regulation M).

2.33.
Compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The Company and, to the knowledge of the Company, its officers and directors, in
their capacities as such, are and have been in compliance with all applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.

13 

2.34.
Accounting Controls. The Company and its subsidiaries maintain systems of internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that comply with the requirements of the Exchange Act and have been designed by, or
under the supervision of, their principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with GAAP. The Company and its subsidiaries maintain internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance
that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations; (ii) transactions are recorded
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability; (iii) access
to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; and (iv) the recorded accountability
for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences.
Other than as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Company maintains a system of internal control over financial reporting and
the Company is not aware of any other material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting (whether or not remediated).
Other than as disclosed in the Registration Statement, since the date of the most recent balance sheet included in the Registration Statement,
the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus, (x) the Companys auditors and the board of directors of the Company have
not been advised of (A) any new significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in the design or operation of the internal control over
financial reporting of the Company and its subsidiaries which could adversely affect the Companys ability to record, process,
summarize, and report financial data; or (B) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have
a role in the internal control over financial reporting of the Company or its subsidiaries; and (y) there have been no significant changes
in the internal control over financial reporting of the Company or its subsidiaries or in other factors that could significantly affect,
such internal control over financial reporting, including any corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies or material
weaknesses, since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package
and the Final Prospectus.

2.35.
Disclosure Controls and Procedures. The Company and its subsidiaries have established and maintain disclosure controls
and procedures (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that are designed to comply with the requirements of
the Exchange Act; such disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company
and its subsidiaries in the reports they file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within
the time periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms, including controls and procedures designed to ensure that such
information is accumulated and communicated to the Companys management as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure; and such disclosure controls and procedures are effective to perform the functions for which they were established.

14 

2.36.
Compliance with Environmental Laws. The Company and each of its subsidiaries (i) are, and at all times prior hereto were,
in compliance with all Environmental Laws (as defined below) applicable to such entity, which compliance includes, without limitation,
obtaining, maintaining and complying with all permits and authorizations and approvals required by Environmental Laws to conduct their
respective businesses; and (ii) have not received notice or otherwise have knowledge of any actual or alleged violation of Environmental
Laws, or of any actual or potential liability for or other obligation concerning the presence, disposal or release of hazardous or toxic
substances or wastes, pollutants or contaminants, and, except as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package
and the Final Prospectus, (x) there are no proceedings that are pending, or known to be contemplated, against the Company or any of its
subsidiaries under Environmental Laws, other than such proceedings regarding which would not, individually or in the aggregate, have
a Material Adverse Effect; (y) to the knowledge of the Company, none of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is aware of any issues
regarding compliance with Environmental Laws, including any pending or proposed Environmental Laws, or liabilities or other obligations
under Environmental Laws or concerning hazardous or toxic substances or wastes, pollutants or contaminants, that could reasonably be
expected to have a material effect on the capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position of the Company and its subsidiaries;
and (z) none of the Company or any of its subsidiaries anticipates material capital expenditures relating to Environmental Laws. As used
herein, the term Environmental Laws means any laws, regulations, ordinances, rules, orders, judgments, decrees,
permits or other legal requirements of any governmental authority, including, without limitation, any international, foreign, national,
state, provincial, regional, or local authority, relating to pollution, the protection of human health or safety, the environment, or
natural resources, or to the use, handling, storage, manufacturing, transportation, treatment, discharge, disposal or release of hazardous
or toxic substances or wastes, pollutants or contaminants.

2.37.
ERISA. Each employee benefit plan (within the meaning of Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Security
Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA)) for which the Company or any member of its Controlled Group
(defined as any organization which is a member of a controlled group of corporations within the meaning of Section 414 of the Code) would
have any liability (each, a Plan) complies in form with the requirements of all applicable statutes, rules
and regulations including ERISA and the Code, and has been maintained and administered in substantial compliance with its terms and with
the requirements of all applicable statutes, rules and regulations including ERISA and the Code; (ii) with respect to each Plan subject
to Title IV of ERISA or Section 302 of ERISA or Section 412 and 430 of the Code (A) no reportable event (within the meaning
of Section 4043(c) of ERISA) has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur, (B) no failure to satisfy the minimum funding standard
(within the meaning of Section 302 of ERISA or Section 412 and 430 of the Code), whether or not waived, has occurred or is reasonably
expected to occur, (C) the fair market value of the assets under each Plan (excluding for these purposes accrued but unpaid contributions)
exceeds the present value of all benefits accrued under such Plan (determined based on those assumptions used to fund such Plan) and
(D) neither the Company or any member of its Controlled Group has incurred, or reasonably expects to incur, any liability under Title
IV of ERISA (other than contributions to the Plan or premiums to the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation in the ordinary course and
without default) in respect of a Plan (including a multiemployer plan, within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA);
(iii) each Plan that is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code is so qualified and nothing has occurred, whether by
action or by failure to act, which would cause the loss of such qualification; and (iv) no prohibited transaction, within the meaning
of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, has occurred with respect to any Plan excluding transactions to which a statutory
or administrative prohibited transaction exemption applies.

15 

2.38.
Related Party Transactions. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Final
Prospectus, no relationship, direct or indirect, exists between or among the Company or any of its subsidiaries, on the one hand, and
the directors, officers, stockholders, other Affiliates, customers or suppliers of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, on the other
hand, that would be required by the Securities Act to be described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and
the Final Prospectus.

2.39.
No Unlawful Contributions or Other Payments. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries, nor any director, officer
of the Company, nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any agent, employee, Affiliate or other person associated with or acting on behalf
of the Company or any of its subsidiaries has (i) used any corporate funds for any unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other
unlawful expense relating to political activity; (ii) made any direct or indirect unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government
or regulatory official or employee; (iii) made any bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other unlawful payment; or (iv)
violated or is in violation of any provision of (y) the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations
thereunder (the FCPA), or (z) any non-U.S. anti-bribery or anti-corruption statute or regulation. The Company
and its subsidiaries have instituted and maintain and enforce policies and procedures designed to promote and ensure compliance with
all applicable anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws.

2.40.
Compliance with Anti-Money Laundering Laws. The operations of the Company and its subsidiaries are and have been conducted
at all times in compliance with all applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements, including those of the Currency and
Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, the applicable anti-money laundering statutes of all jurisdictions where the
Company or any of its subsidiaries conduct business, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations
or guidelines issued, administered or enforced by any governmental agency (collectively, the Anti-Money Laundering Laws);
and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company
or any of its subsidiaries with respect to the Anti-Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened.

2.41.
Compliance with OFAC. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries nor any director, officer of the Company, nor, to
the knowledge of the Company, any agent, employee or Affiliate of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is an individual or entity (an
OFAC Person), or is owned or controlled by an OFAC Person, that is currently the subject or target of any
sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S. government (including, without limitation, the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the
U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC) or the U.S. Department of State and including, without limitation, the designation
as a specially designated national or blocked person), the United Nations Security Council, the European
Union, His Majestys Treasury, or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, Sanctions), nor
is the Company or any of its subsidiaries located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject or the target
of Sanctions, including, without limitation, Crimea, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan and Syria (each, a Sanctioned Country);
and the Company will not directly or indirectly use the proceeds of the offering, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such
proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other OFAC Person (i) to fund or facilitate any activities of or business with any
OFAC Person that, at the time of such funding or facilitation, is the subject or the target of Sanctions, (ii) to fund or facilitate
any activities or business in any Sanctioned Country or (iii) in any other manner that will result in a violation by any OFAC Person
(including any OFAC Person participating in the transaction, whether as underwriter, advisor, investor or otherwise) of Sanctions. Since
the Companys inception, the Company and its subsidiaries have not knowingly engaged in and are not now knowingly engaged in any
dealings or transactions with any OFAC Person that at the time of the dealing or transaction is or was the subject or the target of Sanctions
or with any Sanctioned Country.

16 

2.42.
No Registration Rights. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Final
Prospectus, there are no contracts, agreements or understandings between the Company or any of its subsidiaries, on the one hand, and
any person, on the other hand, granting such person any rights to require the Company or any of its subsidiaries to file a registration
statement under the Securities Act with respect to any securities of the Company or any of its subsidiaries owned or to be owned by such
person or to require the Company or any of its subsidiaries to include such securities in any securities to be registered pursuant to
any registration statement to be filed by the Company or any of its subsidiaries under the Securities Act.

2.43. Subsidiaries.
The subsidiaries of the Company shall be referred to hereinafter each as a Subsidiary and collectively
as Subsidiaries. The description of the corporate structure of the Company and each of the agreements
among the Subsidiaries as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus under the
caption Corporate History and Structure filed as Exhibit 21.1 to the Registration Statement is true and accurate in
all material respects and nothing has been omitted from such description which would make it misleading. The Subsidiaries of the
Company listed in Schedule 2.43 hereto are the only significant subsidiaries (as defined under Rule 1.02(w) of
Regulation S-X under the Securities Act) of the Company (the Significant Subsidiaries).

2.44.
No Restrictions on Subsidiaries. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and
the Final Prospectus, no Subsidiary of the Company is currently prohibited, directly or indirectly, from paying any dividends to the
Company, from making any other distribution on such Subsidiarys share capital or similar ownership interest, from repaying to
the Company any loans or advances to such Subsidiary from the Company or from transferring any of such Subsidiarys properties
or assets to the Company or any other Subsidiary of the Company.

2.45.
Exchange Listing. The Common Stock is listed on the Exchange, and the Company has taken no action designed to, or likely
to have the effect of, delisting the Common Stock from the Exchange, nor has the Company received any notification that the Exchange
is contemplating terminating such listing, except as described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.

2.46.
Exchange Act Registration. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) under the Exchange Act. The Company
has taken no action designed to, or likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange
Act, nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating such registration.

17 

2.47.
Prior Securities Transactions. No securities of the Company have been sold by the Company or by or on behalf of, or for
the benefit of, any person or persons controlling, controlled by or under common control with the Company, except as disclosed in the
Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.

2.48.
Application of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in
order to render inapplicable any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights
agreement) or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Companys certificate of incorporation (or similar charter documents)
or the laws of its state of incorporation that is or could become applicable as a result of the Underwriter and the Company fulfilling
their obligations or exercising their rights hereunder (including documents incorporated herein by reference or attached hereto).

2.49.
D&O Questionnaires. To the Companys knowledge, all information contained in the questionnaires (the Questionnaires)
completed by each of the Companys directors, officers and beneficial holders of 5% or more of the Companys Common Stock
immediately prior to the Offering as supplemented by all information concerning the Companys directors, officers and principal
stockholders as described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, provided to the Underwriter is true
and correct in all material respects and the Company has not become aware of any information which would cause the information disclosed
in the Questionnaires to become inaccurate and incorrect in any material respect.

2.50.
No Integrated Offering. Neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has,
directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that
would cause this offering of the Closing Units to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of any applicable stockholder
approval provisions of any Trading Market on which any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated.

2.51.
Litigation; Governmental Proceedings. There is no material action, suit, proceeding, inquiry, arbitration, investigation,
litigation or governmental proceeding pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened against, or involving the Company, any
of its Subsidiaries or, to the Companys knowledge, any executive officer or director which has not been disclosed in the Registration
Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus which is required to be disclosed.

2.52.
FINRA Matters.

2.52.1.
No Brokers Fees. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Final
Prospectus, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is a party to any contract, agreement or understanding with any person (other
than this Agreement) that would give rise to a valid claim against any of them or the Underwriter for a brokerage commission, finders
fee or like payment in connection with the offering and sale of the Securities.

18 

2.52.2.
Payments Within Six (6) Months. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus,
and other than in connection with the Companys private placement of senior secured promissory notes and Common Stock pursuant
to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement between the Company and certain institutional investors, dated as of November 6, 2024,
the Company has not made any direct or indirect payments (in cash, securities or otherwise) to: (i) any person, as a finders fee,
consulting fee or otherwise, in consideration of such person raising capital for the Company or introducing to the Company persons who
raised or provided capital to the Company; (ii) any FINRA member; or (iii) any person or entity that has any direct or indirect affiliation
or association with any FINRA member, within the six (6) months prior to the initial filing of the Registration Statement, other than
the payment to the Underwriter as provided hereunder in connection with the Offering.

2.52.3.
Use of Proceeds. None of the net proceeds of the Offering will be paid by the Company to any participating FINRA member
or its affiliates, except as specifically authorized herein.

2.52.4.
FINRA Affiliation. There is no (i) officer or director of the Company, (ii) to the Companys knowledge, any beneficial
owner of 10% or more of any class of the Companys securities or (iii) to the Companys knowledge, any beneficial owner of
the Companys unregistered equity securities which were acquired during the 180-Calendar Day period immediately preceding the filing
of the Registration Statement that is an affiliate or associated person of a FINRA member participating in the Offering (as determined
in accordance with the rules and regulations of FINRA).

2.52.5.
Information. All information provided by the Company in its FINRA questionnaire to Representative Counsel specifically
for use by Representative Counsel in connection with its Public Offering System filings (and related disclosure) with FINRA is true,
correct and complete in all material respects.

3. Representations and Warranties
of the Underwriter. The Underwriter represents and warrants to, and agrees with, the Company:

3.1.
No Testing-the-Waters Communications. The Underwriter has not (i) alone engaged in any Testing-the-Waters Communication
and (ii) authorized anyone to engage in Testing-the-Waters Communications. The Underwriter has not distributed, or authorized anyone
else to distribute, any Written Testing-the-Waters Communications.

4. Purchase and Resale.

4.1.
Agreements to Sell and Purchase. On the basis of the representations, warranties and covenants herein and subject to the
conditions herein and any adjustments made in accordance with Section 4.3 hereof,

19 

4.1.1.
The Company agrees to issue and sell the Closing Units to the Underwriter.

4.1.2.
The Underwriter agrees to purchase from the Company the number of Closing Units set forth opposite the Underwriters name in
Schedule 4.1.2 hereto, subject to such adjustments as the Underwriter in its sole discretion shall make to eliminate any sales or
purchases of fractional Shares.

4.1.3.
The Closing Units are to be offered initially to the public at the offering price set forth on the cover page of the Final Prospectus
(the Public Offering Price). The purchase price per Closing Unit to be paid by the Underwriter to the Company
shall be $0.138 per Unit (the Purchase Price), which represents the Public Offering Price less an
underwriting discount of 7.0% and a non-accountable expense allowance of 1.0%.

4.1.4.
Payment for the Closing Units (the Closing Units Payment) shall be made by wire transfer in immediately available
funds to the accounts specified by the Company to the Underwriter at the offices of Kaufman & Canoles, P.C. at 10:00 a.m., ET, on
February 14, 2025 or at such other place on the same or such other date and time, not later than the fifth (5th) Business Day
thereafter, as the Underwriter and the Company may agree upon in writing (the Closing Date). The Closing
Units Payment shall be made against delivery of the Closing Units to be purchased on the Closing Date to the Underwriter with any transfer
taxes, stamp duties and other similar taxes payable in connection with the sale of the Closing Units duly paid by the Company.

4.2.
Over-Allotment Option.

4.2.1.
On the basis of the representations, warranties and covenants herein and subject to the conditions herein, the Underwriter is hereby
granted an option (the Over-Allotment Option) to purchase, in the aggregate, up to 15,000,000 additional
shares of Common Stock, representing 15.0% of the Closing Units and/or Pre-funded Warrants sold in the offering from the Company (the
Option Shares) and/or up to 15,000,000 Series A Warrants to purchase an aggregate of an additional
15,000,000 shares of Common Stock, representing 15.0% of the Closing Units sold in the offering from the Company and 15,000,000
Series B Warrants to purchase an aggregate of an additional 15,000,000 shares of Common Stock, representing 15.0% of the Closing
Units sold in the offering from the Company (the Option Warrants). The purchase price to be paid per Option
Share shall be equal to the price per Closing Unit set forth in Section 4.1 hereof (less $0.00001 attributable to each whole Option Warrant
included in the Closing Unit) and the purchase price to be paid per Option Warrant shall be equal to $0.00001 per Option Warrant. The
Over-allotment Option is, at the Underwriters sole discretion, for Option Shares and Option Warrants together, solely Option Shares,
solely Option Warrants, or any combination thereof (each, an Option Security and collectively, the Option
Securities). The Closing Units and the Option Securities are collectively referred to as the Securities.
The Securities and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Pre-funded Warrants and the Warrants (the Underlying
Shares), are collectively referred to as the Public Securities. The Public Securities shall
be issued directly by the Company and shall have the rights and privileges described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus. The Closing Warrants and the Option Warrants, if any, shall be issued pursuant to, and shall have the rights
and privileges set forth in, the form of Warrant, and the Closing Pre-funded Warrants shall be issued pursuant to, and shall have the
rights and privileges set forth in, the form of Pre-funded Warrant. The offering and sale of the Public Securities is herein referred
to as the Offering.

20 

4.2.2.
Upon an exercise of the Over-Allotment Option and subject to the terms and conditions herein, the Company agrees to issue and sell the
Option Securities to the Underwriter.

4.2.3.
The Underwriter may exercise the Over-Allotment Option at any time in whole, or from time to time in part, on or before the forty-fifth
(45th) Calendar Day following the date of the Final Prospectus, by written notice from the Underwriter to the Company (the Over-Allotment
Exercise Notice). The Underwriter must give the Over-Allotment Exercise Notice to the Company at least one (1) Business
Day prior to the Closing Date or the applicable Additional Closing Date, as the case may be. The Underwriter may cancel any exercise
of the Over-Allotment Option at any time prior to the Closing Date or the applicable Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, by
giving written notice of such cancellation to the Company.

4.2.4.
The Over-Allotment Exercise Notice shall set forth each of the following:

4.2.4.1
the aggregate number of Option Securities as to which the Over-Allotment Option is being exercised.

4.2.4.2
the Over-Allotment Option Purchase Price.

4.2.4.3
the names and denominations in which the Option Securities are to be registered.

4.2.4.4
the applicable Additional Closing Date, which may be the same date and time as the Closing Date but shall not be earlier than the Closing
Date nor later than the tenth (10th) full Business Day after the date of the Over-Allotment Exercise Notice.

4.2.5.
Payment for the Option Securities (the Option Securities Payment) shall be made by wire transfer in immediately
available funds to the accounts specified by the Company to the Underwriter at the offices of Kaufman & Canoles, P.C. at 10:00 a.m.
ET on the date specified in the corresponding Over-Allotment Exercise Notice, or at such other place on the same or such other date and
time, not later than the fifth (5th) Business Day thereafter, as the Underwriter and the Company may agree upon in writing (an Additional
Closing Date). The Option Securities Payment shall be made against delivery to the Underwriter for the respective accounts
of the Underwriter of the Option Securities to be purchased on any Additional Closing Date, with any transfer taxes, stamp duties and
other similar taxes payable in connection with the sale of the Option Securities duly paid by the Company. Delivery of the Option Securities
shall be made through the facilities of DTC unless the Underwriter shall otherwise instruct.

4.3.
Public Offering. The Company understands that the Underwriter intends to make a public offering of the Units as soon after
the effectiveness of this Agreement as in the judgment of the Underwriter is advisable, and initially to offer the Units on the terms
set forth in the Final Prospectus. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Underwriter may offer and sell Units to or through any
Affiliate of the Underwriter.

21 

5. Covenants of the Company.
The Company hereby covenants and agrees with the Underwriter as follows:

5.1.
Filings with the Commission. The Company will:

5.1.1.
prepare and file the Final Prospectus (in a form approved by the Underwriter and containing the Rule 430A Information) with the Commission
in accordance with and within the time periods specified by Rules 424(b) and 430A under the Securities Act.

5.1.2.
file any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus with the Commission to the extent required by Rule 433 under the Securities Act.

5.1.3.
file with the Commission such reports as may be required by Rule 463 under the Securities Act.

5.2.
Notice to the Underwriter. The Company will advise the Underwriter promptly, and confirm such advice in writing:

5.2.1.
when the Registration Statement has become effective.

5.2.2.
when the Final Prospectus has been filed with the Commission.

5.2.3.
when any amendment to the Registration Statement has been filed or becomes effective.

5.2.4.
when any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement has been filed with the Commission.

5.2.5.
when any supplement to the Final Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, any Written Testing-the-Waters Communication or any
amendment to the Final Prospectus has been filed or distributed.

5.2.6.
of (x) any request by the Commission for any amendment to the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement to the Final Prospectus,
(y) the receipt of any comments from the Commission relating to the Registration Statement or (z) any other request by the Commission
for any additional information, including, but not limited to, any request for information concerning any Testing-the-Waters Communication.

5.2.7.
of (x) the issuance by the Commission of any order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or preventing or suspending
the use of the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package, the Final Prospectus, any Preliminary Prospectus, any Issuer Free
Writing Prospectus or any Written Testing-the-Waters Communication or (y) the initiation or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatening
of any proceeding for that purpose or pursuant to Section 8A of the Securities Act.

22 

5.2.8.
of the occurrence of any event or development within the Prospectus Delivery Period as a result of which, the Final Prospectus, the Pricing
Disclosure Package, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or any Written Testing-the-Waters Communication as then amended or supplemented
would include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein,
in the light of the circumstances existing when the Final Prospectus, the Pricing Disclosure Package, any such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus
or any such Written Testing-the-Waters Communication is delivered to a purchaser, not misleading.

5.2.9.
of the issuance by any governmental or regulatory authority or any order preventing or suspending the use of any of the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package, the Final Prospectus, any Preliminary Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or any
Testing-the-Waters Communication or the initiation or threatening for that purpose.

5.2.10.
of the receipt by the Company of any notice with respect to any suspension of the qualification of the Units for offer and sale in any
jurisdiction or the initiation or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatening of any proceeding for such purpose.

5.3.
Ongoing Compliance.

5.3.1.
If during the Prospectus Delivery Period:

5.3.1.1
any event or development shall occur or condition shall exist as a result of which the Final Prospectus as then amended or
supplemented would include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in the light of the circumstances existing when the Final Prospectus is delivered to a purchaser, not
misleading, the Company will, as soon as reasonably possible, notify the Underwriter thereof and forthwith prepare and, subject to
Section 5.4 hereof, file with the Commission and furnish, at its own expense, to the Underwriter and to such dealers as
the Underwriter may designate such amendments or supplements to the Final Prospectus as may be necessary so that the statements in
the Final Prospectus as so amended or supplemented will not, in the light of the circumstances existing when the Final Prospectus is
delivered to a purchaser, be misleading; or

5.3.1.2
it is necessary to amend or supplement the Final Prospectus to comply with applicable law, the Company will, as soon as reasonably
possible, notify the Underwriter thereof and forthwith prepare and, subject to Section 5.4 hereof, file with the
Commission and furnish, at its own expense, to the Underwriter and to such dealers as the Underwriter may designate such amendments
or supplements to the Final Prospectus as may be necessary so that the Final Prospectus will comply with applicable law;
and

23 

5.3.2.
if at any time prior to the Closing Date or any Additional Closing Date, as the case may be:

5.3.2.1
any event or development shall occur or condition shall exist as a result of which the Pricing Disclosure Package as then amended or
supplemented would include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in the light of the circumstances existing when the Pricing Disclosure Package is delivered to a purchaser, not
misleading, the Company will immediately notify the Underwriter thereof and forthwith prepare and, subject to Section 5.4 hereof,
file with the Commission (to the extent required) and furnish, at its own expense, to the Underwriter and to such dealers as the
Underwriter may designate such amendments or supplements to the Pricing Disclosure Package as may be necessary so that the
statements in the Pricing Disclosure Package as so amended or supplemented will not, in the light of the circumstances existing when
the Pricing Disclosure Package is delivered to a purchaser, be misleading; or

5.3.2.2
it is necessary to amend or supplement the Pricing Disclosure Package to comply with applicable law, the Company will immediately
notify the Underwriter thereof and forthwith prepare and, subject to Section 5.4 hereof, file with the Commission (to
the extent required) and furnish, at its own expense, to the Underwriter and to such dealers as the Underwriter may designate such
amendments or supplements to the Pricing Disclosure Package as may be necessary so that the Pricing Disclosure Package will comply
with applicable law.

5.4.
Amendments, Supplements and Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses. Before (i) using, authorizing, approving, referring to, distributing
or filing any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, (ii) filing (x) any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement or (y) any amendment or supplement
to the Registration Statement or the Final Prospectus, or (iii) distributing any amendment or supplement to the Pricing Disclosure Package
or the Final Prospectus, the Company will furnish to the Underwriter and counsel for the Underwriter a copy of the proposed Issuer Free
Writing Prospectus, Rule 462(b) Registration Statement or other amendment or supplement for review and will not use, authorize, refer
to, distribute or file any such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or Rule 462(b) Registration Statement, or file or distribute any such
proposed amendment or supplement (A) to which the Underwriter objects in a timely manner and (B) which is not in compliance with the
Securities Act. The Company will, pursuant to reasonable procedures developed in good faith, retain copies of each Issuer Free Writing
Prospectus that is not filed with the Commission in accordance with Rule 433 under the Securities Act.

24 

5.5.
Delivery of Copies. The Company will, upon request of the Underwriter, deliver, without charge, (i) to the Underwriter,
three signed copies of the Registration Statement as originally filed and each amendment thereto, in each case, including all exhibits
and consents filed therewith; and (ii) to each Underwriter (A) a conformed copy of the Registration Statement as originally filed and
each amendment thereto (without exhibits and consents) and (B) during the Prospectus Delivery Period, as many copies of the Final Prospectus
(including all amendments and supplements thereto and each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus) as the Underwriter may reasonably request.

5.6.
Blue Sky Compliance. The Company will use its best efforts, with the Underwriters cooperation, if necessary, to
qualify or register (or to obtain exemptions from qualifying or registering) the Units for offer and sale under the securities or Blue
Sky laws of such jurisdictions as the Underwriter shall reasonably request and will use its reasonable best efforts, with the Underwriters
cooperation, if necessary, to continue such qualifications, registrations and exemptions in effect so long as required for the distribution
of the Units; provided that the Company shall not be required to (i) qualify as a foreign corporation or other entity or as a
dealer in securities in any such jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to so qualify, (ii) file any general consent to
service of process in any such jurisdiction or (iii) subject itself to taxation in any such jurisdiction if it is not otherwise so subject.

5.7.
Earning Statement. The Company will make generally available to its security holders and the Underwriter as soon as practicable
an earning statement that satisfies the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act and Rule 158 under the Securities Act covering
a period of at least 12 months beginning after the effective date (as defined in Rule 158 under the Securities Act) of
the Registration Statement; provided that the Company will be deemed to have furnished such statement to its security holders
and the Underwriter to the extent it is filed on the Commissions Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval system (EDGAR).

5.8. Stockholder
Approval. The Company shall hold a special meeting of stockholders (which may also be at the annual meeting of stockholders)
at the earliest practicable date after the date hereof, but in no event later than sixty (60) Calendar Days after the Closing Date
for the purpose of obtaining Stockholder Approval (as defined below), if required to effect the purpose thereof, with the
recommendation of the Board that such proposal be approved, and the Company shall solicit proxies from its stockholders in
connection therewith in the same manner as all other management proposals in such proxy statement and all management-appointed
proxyholders shall vote their proxies in favor of such proposal. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to obtain such
Stockholder Approval, and officers, directors and stockholders subject to Lock-Up Agreement pursuant to Section 8.9 shall cast
their proxies in favor of such proposal. If the Company does not obtain Stockholder Approval at the first meeting, the Company shall
call a meeting every sixty (60) days thereafter to seek Stockholder Approval until the earlier of the date Stockholder Approval is
obtained or the Warrants are no longer outstanding. Stockholder Approval has the meaning set forth in
the Warrants.

25 

5.9.
Use of Proceeds. The Company shall apply the net proceeds from the sale of the Closing Units and the Option Securities
in the manner described under the caption Use of Proceeds in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package
and the Final Prospectus.

5.10.
Clear Market.

5.10.1.
For a period of ninety (90) days after the Release Date (the Standstill Period), the Company will not (x)
offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option,
right or warrant to purchase, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, or file with the Commission a registration
statement under the Securities Act relating to, any shares of Common Stock or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable
for shares of Common Stock, or publicly disclose the intention to make any offer, sale, pledge, disposition or filing, or (y) enter into
any swap or other agreement that transfers, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of the shares of Common
Stock or any such other securities, whether any such transaction described in clause (x) or (y) above is to be settled by delivery of
shares of Common Stock or such other securities, in cash or otherwise, without the prior written consent of the Underwriter.

5.10.2.
The restrictions contained in Section 5.10.1 hereof shall not apply to: (A) the Units, (B) any shares of Common Stock issued
under Company Common Stock Incentive Plans or warrants issued by the Company, in each case, described as outstanding in the
Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus, (C) any options and other awards granted under a
Company Common Stock Incentive Plan as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Final
Prospectus, provided that such securities are issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no
registration rights that require or permit any registration statement in connection therewith to be filed publicly or declared
effective during the Standstill Period (D) the amendment of a Company Common Stock Incentive Plan as described in the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus, (E) the filing by the Company of any registration statement on
Form S-8 or a successor form thereto relating to a Company Common Stock Incentive Plan described in the Registration Statement, the
Pricing Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus and (F) shares of Common Stock or other securities issued pursuant to
acquisitions or strategic transactions (whether by merger, consolidation, purchase of equity, purchase of assets, reorganization or
otherwise) approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company, provided that such securities are issued as
restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that require or permit the filing of
any registration statement in connection therewith during the Standstill Period, and provided that any such issuance shall only be
to a Person (or to the equityholders of a Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of
an asset in a business synergistic with the business of the Company and shall provide to the Company additional benefits in addition
to the investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose
of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing in securities; provided, however, that any such
shares of Common Stock or other securities issued or granted pursuant to clauses (B), (C) and (F) during the Standstill Period shall
not be saleable in the public market until the expiration of the Standstill Period.

26 

5.10.3.
If the Underwriter, in its sole discretion, agrees to release or waive the restrictions set forth in any Lock-Up Agreement as described
in Section 8.9 and provides the Company with notice of the impending release or waiver substantially in the form of Exhibit
5.10.3.1 hereto at least three (3) Business Days before the effective date of the release or waiver, then the Company agrees
to announce the impending release or waiver by a press release substantially in the form of Exhibit 5.10.3.2 hereto
through a major news service at least two (2) Business Days before the effective date of the release or waiver.

5.11.
No Stabilization or Manipulation. None of the Company, its Affiliates or any person acting on its or any of their behalf
(other than the Underwriter, as to which no covenant is given) will take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that constitutes
or that could reasonably be expected to cause or result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any securities of the Company.
The Company acknowledges that the Underwriter may engage in passive market making transactions in the Common Stock on the Exchange in
accordance with Regulation M.

5.12.
Investment Company Act. The Company shall not invest, or otherwise use the proceeds received by the Company from the sale
of the Closing Units or the Option Securities in such a manner as would require the Company or any of its subsidiaries to register as
an investment company (as defined in the Investment Company Act) under the Investment Company Act.

5.13.
Transfer Agent. For the period of two years from the date of this Agreement, the Company shall engage and maintain, at
its expense, a registrar and transfer agent for the Common Stock.

5.14.
Reports. For the period of two years from the date of this Agreement, the Company will furnish to the Underwriter, as soon
as they are available, copies of all reports or other communications (financial or other) furnished to holders of the Common Stock, and
copies of any reports and financial statements furnished to or filed with the Commission or any national securities exchange or automatic
quotation system; provided that the Company will be deemed to have furnished such reports and financial statements to the Underwriter
to the extent they are filed on the Commissions Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval system.

5.15.
Right of First Refusal. The Company agrees that, if, for the period ending thirty-six (36) months after the commencement
of sales in the Offering, the Company or any of its subsidiaries: (a) decides to finance or refinance any indebtedness, the Underwriter
(or any affiliate designated by the Underwriter) shall have the right to act as sole book-runner, sole manager, sole placement agent
or sole agent with respect to such financing or refinancing; or (b) decides to raise funds by means of a public offering (including at-the-market
facility) or a private placement or any other capital raising financing of equity, equity-linked or debt securities, the Underwriter
(or any affiliate designated by the Underwriter) shall have the right to act as sole book-running manager, sole underwriter or sole placement
agent for such financing. If the Underwriter or one of its affiliates decides to accept any such engagement, the agreement governing
such engagement (each, a Subsequent Transaction Agreement) will contain, among other things, provisions for
customary fees for transactions of similar size and nature, but in no event will the fees be less than those outlined herein, and the
provisions of this Agreement, including indemnification, that are appropriate to such a transaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
decision to accept the Companys engagement under this Section 5.15 shall be made by the Underwriter or one of its affiliates,
by a written notice to the Company, within ten (10) Calendar Days of the receipt of the Companys notification of its financing
needs, including a detailed term sheet. The Underwriters determination of whether in any case to exercise its right of first refusal
will be strictly limited to the terms on such term sheet, and any waiver of such right of first refusal shall apply only to such specific
terms. If the Underwriter waives its right of first refusal, any deviation from such terms (including without limitation after the launch
of a subsequent transaction) shall void the waiver and require the Company to seek a new waiver from the right of first refusal on the
terms set forth in this Section 5.15.

27 

6. Covenants of the Underwriter.
The Underwriter hereby covenants and agrees with the Company as follows:

6.1. Underwriter
Free Writing Prospectus. The Underwriter has not used, authorized the use of, referred to or participated in the planning
for use of, and will not use, authorize the use of, refer to or participate in the planning for use of, any Free Writing Prospectus
(which term includes use of any written information furnished to the Commission by the Company and not incorporated by reference
into the Registration Statement and any press release issued by the Company) other than (i) a Free Writing Prospectus that contains
no issuer information filed or required to be filed pursuant to Rule 433(d) under the Securities Act
(Issuer Information) that was not included in the Preliminary Prospectus or a previously filed Issuer
Free Writing Prospectus, (ii) any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus listed in Schedule 2.5.4 hereto or prepared pursuant to
Section 2.5.4 or Section 5.4 hereof (including any electronic road show), or (iii) any Free Writing Prospectus prepared by
the Underwriter and approved by the Company in advance in writing.

6.2.
Section 8A Proceedings. The Underwriter is not subject to any pending proceeding under Section 8A of the Securities Act
with respect to the offering of the Units and will promptly notify the Company if any such proceeding against it is initiated during
the Prospectus Delivery Period.

7. Payment of Expenses.

7.1.
Company Expenses. The Company hereby agrees to pay on the Closing Date all expenses incident to the performance of the
obligations of the Company under this Agreement including, but not limited to: (a) all filing fees and expenses relating to the registration
of the Units with the Commission; (b) all filing fees and expenses associated with the review of the offering of the Units by FINRA;
(c) all fees and expenses relating to the listing of the Shares on the Exchange (to the extent relevant) or on such other stock exchanges
as the Company and the Underwriter together determine; (d) all fees, expenses and disbursements relating to the registration or qualification
of the Units under the blue sky securities laws of such states and other jurisdictions as the Underwriter may reasonably
designate (including, without limitation, all filing and registration fees, and the reasonable fees and disbursements of the Companys
blue sky counsel, which will be Underwriters counsel) unless such filings are not required in connection with the
Companys proposed Exchange listing; (e) all fees, expenses and disbursements relating to the registration, qualification or exemption
of the Securities under the securities laws of such foreign jurisdictions as the Underwriter may reasonably designate; (f) the costs
of all mailing and printing of the underwriting documents, the Registration Statement, Pricing Disclosure Package, the Final Prospectus,
any Preliminary Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or any Testing-the-Waters Communication and all amendments, supplements
and exhibits thereto as the Underwriter may reasonably deem necessary; (g) the costs of preparing, printing and delivering certificates
representing the Shares; (h) fees and expenses of the transfer agent for the Shares; (i) transfer and/or stamp taxes, if any, payable
upon the transfer of securities from the Company to the Underwriter; (j) the fees and expenses of the Companys accountants; and
(k) reasonable legal fees and disbursements for the Underwriters counsel. The total amount payable by the Company pursuant to
(k) to the Underwriter shall not exceed $200,000. The Underwriter may deduct from the net proceeds of the Offering payable to the Company
on the Closing Date the expenses set forth herein to be paid by the Company to the Underwriter. Except as provided for in this Agreement,
the Underwriter shall bear the costs and expenses incurred by them in connection with the sale of the Units and the transactions contemplated
thereby.

28 

7.2.
Non-accountable Expenses. On the Closing Date, the Company shall pay to the Underwriter, by deduction from the net proceeds
of the Offering a non-accountable expense allowance equal to one percent (1.0%) of the gross proceeds received by the Company from the
sale of the Closing Units), provided, however, that in the event that the Offering is terminated, the Company agrees to reimburse the
Underwriter pursuant to Section 12 hereof.

7.3.
Underwriter Expenses. Except to the extent otherwise provided in this Section 7 or Section 9 hereof, the Underwriter
will pay all of its own costs and expenses, including the fees and expenses of their counsel, any stock transfer taxes on resale of any
of the Shares held by them, and any advertising expenses connected with any offers they may make.

7.4.
Company Reimbursement. The provisions of this Section 7 shall not affect any agreement that the Company may make for
the sharing of such costs and expenses.

8. Conditions of the Obligations
of the Underwriter. The obligations of the Underwriter to purchase the Closing Units as provided herein on the Closing Date or
the Option Securities as provided herein on any Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, shall be subject to the timely performance
by the Company of its covenants and other obligations hereunder, and to each of the following additional conditions:

8.1.
Registration Compliance; No Stop Order.

8.1.1.
The Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto shall have become effective, no stop order suspending the effectiveness
of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto shall be in effect, and no proceeding for such purpose or pursuant
to Section 8A of the Securities Act shall be pending before or threatened by the Commission.

29 

8.1.2.
The Company shall have filed the Final Prospectus and each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus with the Commission in accordance with and
within the time periods prescribed by Section 5.1 hereof.

8.1.3.
The Company shall have (A) disclosed to the Underwriter all requests by the Commission for additional information relating to the offer
and sale of the Units and (B) complied with such requests to the reasonable satisfaction of the Underwriter.

8.2.
Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Company contained herein shall be true and correct
on the date hereof and on and as of the Closing Date or any Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, and the statements of the Company
and its officers made in any certificates delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall be true and correct on and as of the Closing Date
or any Additional Closing Date, as the case may be.

8.3.
Auditor Comfort Letters. On the date of this Agreement and on the Closing Date or any Additional Closing Date, as the case
may be, RBSM LLP shall have furnished to the Underwriter, at the request of the Company, letters, dated the respective dates of delivery
thereof and addressed to the Underwriter, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Underwriter, containing statements and
information of the type customarily included in accountants comfort letters to underwriters with respect to the
financial statements and certain financial information contained in each of the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package
and the Final Prospectus; provided that the letter delivered on the Closing Date or any Additional Closing Date, as the case may
be, shall use a cut-off date no more than two (2) Business Days prior to the Closing Date or such Additional Closing Date,
as the case may be.

8.4. No
Material Adverse Change. No event or condition of a type described in Section 2.12 hereof shall have occurred or shall
exist, which event or condition is not described in each of the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus (in each case,
exclusive of any amendment or supplement thereto), the effect of which in the judgment of the Underwriter makes it impracticable or
inadvisable to proceed with the offering, sale or delivery of the Units on the Closing Date or any Additional Closing Date, as the
case may be, in the manner and on the terms contemplated by this Agreement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus
(in each case, exclusive of any amendment or supplement thereto).

8.5.
Opinion and Negative Assurance Letter of Counsel to the Company. U.S. Company Counsel shall each have furnished to the
Underwriter, at the request of the Company, its (i) written opinion, addressed to the Underwriter and dated the Closing Date or any Additional
Closing Date, as the case may be, and (ii) negative assurance letter, addressed to the Underwriter and dated the Closing Date or any
Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, in each case, in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Underwriter.

30 

8.6. Officers
Certificate. The Underwriter shall have received as of the Closing Date or any Additional Closing Date, a certificate from the Companys CFO in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Underwriter, containing
statements and information confirming that the financial statements and certain financial information contained in the Registration
Statement is consistent with the Companys records and does not contain any material misstatements or omissions and shall have
received as of the Closing Date or any Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, a certificate of an executive officer of the
Company who has specific knowledge of the Companys financial matters and is satisfactory to the Underwriter, (i) confirming
that such officer has carefully reviewed the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package, the Final Prospectus, each
Issuer Free Writing Prospectus and each Written Testing-the-Waters Communication and, to the knowledge of such officer, the
representations set forth in Sections 2.1.2, 2.2, 2.3.1, 2.4.1, 2.5.1, 2.6 and 2.8, hereof are true and correct on and as of
the Closing Date or any Additional Closing Date, as the case may be; (ii) to the effect set forth in clause (i) of Section 2.12
and Section 8.1 hereof; and (iii) confirming that all of the other representations and warranties of the Company in this
Agreement are true and correct on and as of the Closing Date or any Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, and that the
Company has complied with all agreements and covenants and satisfied all other conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied
hereunder at or prior to the Closing Date or any Additional Closing Date, as the case may be.

8.7.
No Legal Impediment to Issuance and Sale. No action shall have been taken and no statute, rule, regulation or order shall
have been enacted, adopted or issued by any federal, state or foreign governmental or regulatory authority that would, as of the Closing
Date or any Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, prevent the issuance, sale or delivery of the Closing Units or the Option Securities
by the Company; and no injunction or order of any federal, state or foreign court shall have been issued that would, as of the Closing
Date or any Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, prevent the issuance, sale or delivery of the Closing Units or the Option Securities.

8.8.
Good Standing. The Underwriter shall have received on and as of the Closing Date and any Additional Closing Date, as the
case may be, satisfactory evidence of the good standing of the Company in its jurisdiction of incorporation, in writing from the appropriate
governmental authorities of such jurisdiction.

8.9. Lock-Up
Agreements. The Lock-Up Agreements substantially in the form of Exhibit 8.9 hereto executed by the
officers, directors and certain stockholders of the Company relating to sales and certain other dispositions of shares of Common
Stock or certain other securities, delivered to the Underwriter on or before the date hereof, shall be in full force and effect on
the Closing Date or any Additional Closing Date, as the case may be.

8.10.
Exchange Listing. On the Closing Date or any Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, the Shares shall have been approved
for listing on the Exchange, subject to notice of issuance.

31 

8.11. Irrevocable
Consent. On or before the date hereof, the Company shall have received the irrevocable consents executed by the
Companys officers and directors in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 8.11, which Irrevocable Consents
shall not be waived or otherwise released by the Company, whereby such officers and directors agree to seek and vote all equity of
the Company held by them in favor of each corporate action contemplated in the definition of Stockholder Approval (as defined in
Section 5.8 hereof and in the Common Warrants), whether at a meeting of stockholders, by action taken at a meeting, by consent
or otherwise.

8.12.
Additional Documents. On or prior to the Closing Date or any Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, the Underwriter
and its counsel shall have received such information, certificates and other additional documents from the Company as they may reasonably
require for the purpose of enabling them to pass upon the issuance and sale of the Units as contemplated herein or in order to evidence
the accuracy of any of the representations and warranties, or the satisfaction of any of the covenants, closing conditions or other obligations,
contained in this Agreement.

All
opinions, letters, certificates and other documents delivered pursuant to this Agreement will be deemed to be in compliance with the
provisions hereof only if they are reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to counsel for the Underwriter.

If
any condition specified in this Section 8 is not satisfied when and as required to be satisfied, this Agreement and all
obligations of the Underwriter hereunder may be terminated by the Underwriter by notice to the Company at any time on or prior to
the Closing Date or any Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, which termination shall be without liability on the part of any
party to any other party, except that the Company shall continue to be liable for the payment of expenses under Section 7 and
Section 12 hereof and except that the provisions of Section 9 and Section 10 hereof shall at all times be effective and
shall survive any such termination.

9. Indemnification.

9.1. Indemnification
of the Underwriter by the Company. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Underwriter, its Affiliates,
directors, officers, employees and agents and each person, if any, who controls the Underwriter within the meaning of Section 15 of
the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act from and against any and all losses, claims, damages and liabilities
(including, without limitation, all reasonable legal fees and other expenses incurred in connection with any suit, action or
proceeding or any claim asserted, as such fees and expenses are incurred), joint or several, that arise out of or are based upon (i)
any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement (or any amendment or
supplement thereto), or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in
order to make the statements therein not misleading, or (ii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact
contained in any Pricing Disclosure Package (including any Pricing Disclosure Package that has subsequently been amended), the Final
Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), any Preliminary Prospectus, any Issuer Information, any Issuer Free Writing
Prospectus, any Written Testing-the-Waters Communication or any Road Show, or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a
material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading, in each case, except insofar as such losses, claims, damages or liabilities arise out of, or are based upon, any untrue
statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with the Underwriter
Information. The indemnity agreement set forth in this Section 9.1 shall be in addition to any liabilities that the Company may
otherwise have.

32 

9.2. Indemnification
of the Company by the Underwriter. The Underwriter agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its directors, each
officer who signed the Registration Statement and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of
the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act from and against any and all losses, claims, damages and liabilities
(including, without limitation, all reasonable legal fees and other expenses incurred in connection with any suit, action or
proceeding or any claim asserted, as such fees and expenses are incurred), joint or several, to the same extent as the indemnity set
forth in Section 9.1 hereof; provided, however, that the Underwriter shall be liable only to the extent that any untrue statement or
omission or alleged untrue statement or omission was made in the Registration Statement (or any amendment or supplement thereto),
any Pricing Disclosure Package (including any Pricing Disclosure Package that has subsequently been amended), the Final Prospectus
(or any amendment or supplement thereto), any Preliminary Prospectus, any Issuer Information, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus,
any Written Testing-the-Waters Communication or any Road Show in reliance upon, and in conformity with, the Underwriter Information
relating to the Underwriter. The indemnity agreement set forth in this Section 9 shall be in addition to any liabilities that
the Underwriter may otherwise have.

9.3.
Notifications and Other Indemnification Procedures. If any suit, action, proceeding (including any governmental or regulatory
investigation), claim or demand shall be brought or asserted against any person in respect of which indemnification may be sought pursuant
to any of the preceding subsections of this Section 9, such person (the Indemnified Person) shall promptly
notify the person against whom such indemnification may be sought (the Indemnifying Person) in writing; provided
that the failure to notify the Indemnifying Person shall not relieve it from any liability that it may have under any of the preceding
subsections of this Section 9 except to the extent that it has been materially prejudiced by such failure; and provided,
further, that the failure to notify the Indemnifying Person shall not relieve it from any liability that it may have to an Indemnified
Person otherwise than under any of the preceding subsections of this Section 9. If any such proceeding shall be brought or asserted
against an Indemnified Person and it shall have notified the Indemnifying Person thereof, the Indemnifying Person shall retain counsel
reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Person (who shall not, without the consent of the Indemnified Person, be counsel to the Indemnifying
Person) to represent the Indemnified Person in such proceeding and shall pay the reasonable and documented fees and expenses of such
counsel related to such proceeding, as incurred. In any such proceeding, any Indemnified Person shall have the right to retain its own
counsel, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Indemnified Person unless (i) the Indemnifying Person
and the Indemnified Person shall have mutually agreed to the contrary; (ii) the Indemnifying Person has failed within a reasonable time
to retain counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Person; (iii) the Indemnified Person shall have reasonably concluded that
there may be legal defenses available to it that are different from or in addition to those available to the Indemnifying Person; or
(iv) the named parties in any such proceeding (including any impleaded parties) include both the Indemnifying Person and the Indemnified
Person and representation of both parties by the same counsel would be inappropriate due to actual or potential differing interest between
them. It is understood and agreed that the Indemnifying Person shall not, in connection with any proceeding or related proceedings in
the same jurisdiction, be liable for the fees and expenses of more than one separate firm (in addition to any local counsel) for all
Indemnified Persons, and that all such fees and expenses shall be paid or reimbursed as they are incurred. Any such separate firm for
(i) the Underwriter, its Affiliates, directors, officers, employees and agents and each person, if any, who controls the Underwriter
within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act shall be designated in writing by the Underwriter;
and (ii) the Company, its directors, its officers who signed the Registration Statement and each person, if any, who controls the Company
within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act shall be designated in writing by the Company.

33 

9.4.
Settlements. The Indemnifying Person under this Section 9 shall not be liable for any settlement of any proceeding
effected without its written consent, which consent may not be unreasonably withheld, but if settled with such consent or if there be
a final judgment for the plaintiff, the Indemnifying Person agrees to indemnify the Indemnified Person from and against any loss, claim,
damage, liability or expense by reason of such settlement or judgment. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, if at any time an Indemnified
Person shall have requested an Indemnifying Person to reimburse the Indemnified Person for any reasonably incurred and documented fees
and expenses of counsel as contemplated by this Section 9, the Indemnifying Person agrees that it shall be liable for any settlement
of any proceeding effected without its written consent if (i) such settlement is entered into more than forty-five (45) Calendar Days
after receipt by such Indemnifying Person of the aforesaid request, (ii) such Indemnifying Person shall not have reimbursed the Indemnified
Person in accordance with such request, or shall not have disputed in good faith the Indemnified Persons entitlement to such reimbursement,
prior to the date of such settlement and (iii) such Indemnified Person shall have given the Indemnifying Person at least forty-five (45)
Calendar Days prior notice of its intention to settle. No Indemnifying Person shall, without the prior written consent of the
Indemnified Person effect any settlement, compromise or consent to the entry of judgment in any pending or threatened action, suit or
proceeding in respect of which any Indemnified Person is or could have been a party and indemnity was or could have been sought hereunder
by such Indemnified Person, unless such settlement, compromise or consent (x) includes an unconditional release of such Indemnified Person,
in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnified Person, from and against all liability on claims that are the subject
matter of such action, suit or proceeding and (y) does not include any statements as to or any findings of fault, culpability or failure
to act by or on behalf of any Indemnified Person.

10. Contribution.

10.1.
To the extent the indemnification provided for in Section 9 hereof is unavailable to or insufficient to hold harmless an Indemnified
Person in respect of any losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses referred to therein, then each Indemnifying Person, in lieu
of indemnifying such Indemnified Person thereunder, shall contribute to the aggregate amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Person,
as incurred, as a result of any losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses referred to therein (i) in such proportion as is appropriate
to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriter, on the other hand, from the offering
of the Units pursuant to this Agreement or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) above is not permitted by applicable law, in
such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in clause (i) above but also the relative fault
of the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriter, on the other hand, in connection with the statements or omissions that resulted
in such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative benefits
received by the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriter, on the other hand, in connection with the offering of the Units pursuant
to this Agreement shall be deemed to be in the same respective proportions as the total net proceeds from the offering of the Units pursuant
to this Agreement (before deducting expenses) received by the Company, on the one hand, and the total underwriting discounts and commissions
received by the Underwriter, on the other hand, in each case as set forth in the table on the cover of the Final Prospectus bear to the
aggregate initial offering price of the Units. The relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriter, on the other
hand, shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission
or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company, on the one hand, or the Underwriter, on
the other hand, and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement
or omission.

34 

10.2.
The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of the losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses referred to above shall be
deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth in Section 9 hereof, all reasonable legal or other fees or expenses incurred
by such party in connection with investigating or defending any action or claim. The provisions set forth in Section 9 hereof with
respect to notice of commencement of any action shall apply if a claim for contribution is to be made under this Section 10; provided,
however, that no additional notice shall be required with respect to any action for which notice has been given under Section 9
hereof for purposes of indemnification.

10.3.
The Company and the Underwriter agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 10 was determined
by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to in
this Section 10.

10.4.
Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 10, the Underwriter shall not be required to contribute any amount in excess of the
amount by which the total discounts and commissions received by the Underwriter in connection with the Units distributed by it exceeds
the amount of any damages the Underwriter has otherwise paid or become liable to pay by reason of any untrue or alleged untrue statement
or omission or alleged omission. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11 of the Securities
Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.

10.5.
For purposes of this Section 10, each director, officer, employee and agent of the Underwriter and each person, if any, who controls
the Underwriter within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act shall have the same rights to
contribution as the Underwriter, and each director and officer of the Company who signed the Registration Statement, and each person,
if any, who controls the Company with the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, shall have the
same rights to contribution as the Company.

10.6.
The remedies provided for in Section 9 and Section 10 hereof are not exclusive and shall not limit any rights or remedies which
may otherwise be available to any Indemnified Person at law or in equity.

35 

11. Termination.

11.1.
Prior to the delivery of and payment for the Units on the Closing Date or any Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, this Agreement
may be terminated by the Underwriter in the absolute discretion of the Underwriter by notice given to the Company if after the execution
and delivery of this Agreement: (i) trading or quotation of any securities issued or guaranteed by the Company shall have been suspended
or materially limited on any securities exchange, quotation system or in the over-the-counter market; (ii) trading in securities generally
on any of the New York Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq Stock Exchange or the over-the-counter market shall have been suspended or materially
limited; (iii) a general banking moratorium on commercial banking activities shall have been declared by federal or New York state authorities;
(iv) there shall have occurred a material disruption in commercial banking or securities settlement, payment or clearance services in
the United States; (v) there shall have occurred any outbreak or escalation of national or international hostilities or any crisis or
calamity, or any change in the United States or international financial markets, or any substantial change or development involving a
prospective substantial change in general economic, financial or political conditions in the United States or internationally, as in
the judgment of the Underwriter is material and adverse and makes it impracticable or inadvisable to proceed with the offering, sale
or delivery of the Units on the Closing Date or any Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, in the manner and on the terms described
in the Pricing Disclosure Package or to enforce contracts for the sale of securities; or (vi) the Company or any of its subsidiaries
shall have sustained a loss by strike, fire, flood, earthquake, accident or other calamity of such character as in the judgment of the
Underwriter may interfere materially with the conduct of the business and operations of the Company and its subsidiaries, considered
as one entity, regardless of whether or not such loss shall have been insured.

11.2.
Any termination pursuant to this Section 11 shall be without liability on the part of: (x) the Company to the Underwriter, except
that the Company shall continue to be liable for the payment of expenses under Section 7; (y) the Underwriter to the Company; or
(z) any party hereto to any other party except that the provisions of Section 9, Section 10 and this Section 11 hereof shall
at all times be effective and shall survive any such termination.

12. Reimbursement of the Underwriters
Expenses. If (a) the Company fails to deliver the Units to the Underwriter for any reason at the Closing Date or any Additional
Closing Date, as the case may be, in accordance with this Agreement or (b) the Underwriter declines to purchase the Units for any reason
permitted under this Agreement, then the Company agrees to reimburse the Underwriter for all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses
(including the reasonable and documented fees and expenses of counsel to the Underwriter) incurred by the Underwriter in connection with
this Agreement and the applicable offering contemplated hereby.

36 

13. Representations and Indemnities
to Survive Delivery. The respective indemnities, rights of contribution, agreements, representations, warranties and other statements
of the Company and the Underwriter set forth in or made pursuant to this Agreement or made by or on behalf of the Company or the Underwriter
pursuant to this Agreement or any certificate delivered pursuant hereto shall remain in full force and effect, regardless of any investigation
made by or on behalf of the Underwriter, the Company or any of their respective officers or directors or any controlling person, as the
case may be, and shall survive delivery of and payment for the Units sold hereunder and any termination of this Agreement.

14. Notices. All notices,
requests, consents, claims, demands, waivers and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to
have been duly given (i) when delivered by hand (with written confirmation of receipt), (ii) when received by the addressee if sent by
a nationally recognized overnight courier (receipt requested), (iii) on the date sent by facsimile (with confirmation of transmission)
or email of a PDF document if sent during normal business hours of the recipient, and on the next Business Day if sent after normal business
hours of the recipient, or (iv) on the third (3rd) Calendar Day after the date mailed, by certified or registered mail (in each case,
return receipt requested, postage pre-paid). Such communications must be sent to the respective parties at the following addresses (or
at such other address for a party as shall be specified in a notice given in accordance with this Section 14):

If to the Underwriter: Aegis Capital Corp.

1345 Avenue of the Americas, 27th Floor,
New York, NY 10105

Email: banking@aegiscap.com

Attention: Robert Eide

with a copy to: Kaufman & Canoles, P.C.

Two James Center, 14th Floor, 1021 E.
Cary St., Richmond, VA 23219

Email: awbasch@kaufcan.com 

jbwilliston@kaufcan.com

Attention: Anthony Basch

J. Britton Williston

If to the Company: Digital Ally, Inc.

14001 Marshall Drive, Lenexa, KS 66215

Email: stan.ross@digitalally.com

Attention: Stanton Ross

with copy to: Sullivan & Worcester LLP

1251 Avenue of the Americas

New York, NY 10020

Email: jsegilia@sullivanlaw.com

Attention: Joseph Segilia

Any
party hereto may change the address or facsimile number for receipt of communications by giving written notice to the others in accordance
with this Section 14.

37 

15. Successors. This
Agreement shall inure solely to the benefit of and be binding upon the Underwriter, the Company and the other indemnified parties referred
to in Section 9 and Section 10 hereof, and in each case their respective successors. Nothing in this Agreement is intended,
or shall be construed, to give any other person or entity any legal or equitable right, benefit, remedy or claim under, or in respect
of or by virtue of, this Agreement or any provision contained herein. The term successors, as used herein, shall not include
any purchaser of the Units from the Underwriter merely by reason of such purchase.

16. Partial Unenforceability.
The invalidity or unenforceability of any Section, paragraph or provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability
of any other Section, paragraph or provision hereof. If any Section, paragraph or provision of this Agreement is for any reason determined
to be invalid or unenforceable, there shall be deemed to be made such minor changes (and only such minor changes) as are necessary to
make it valid and enforceable.

17. Governing Law. This
Agreement and any claim, controversy or dispute arising under or related to this Agreement, whether sounding in contract, tort or statute,
shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York applicable to agreements made and to
be performed in such state (including its statute of limitations), without giving effect to the conflict of laws provisions thereof to
the extent such principles or rules would require or permit the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than those of the State
of New York. The Company has irrevocably appointed Stanton Ross, as its agent to receive service of process or other legal summons for
purposes of any such suit, action or proceeding that may be instituted in any state or federal court in the Borough of Manhattan in the
City of New York, United States of America.

18. Consent to Jurisdiction.
No legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby (each, a Related
Proceeding) may be commenced, prosecuted or continued in any court other than the courts of the State of New York located
in the City and County of New York or in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, which courts (collectively,
the Specified Courts) shall have jurisdiction over the adjudication of any Related Proceeding, and the parties
to this Agreement hereby irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction the Specified Courts and personal service of process with
respect thereto. The parties to this Agreement hereby irrevocably waive any objection to the laying of venue of any Related Proceeding
in the Specified Courts and irrevocably waive and agree not to plead or claim in any Specified Court that any Related Proceeding brought
in any Specified Court has been brought in an inconvenient forum.

38 

19. Equitable Remedies.
Each party to this Agreement acknowledges and agrees that (a) a breach or threatened breach by the Company of any of its obligations
under Section 5.10 or Section 5.15 would give rise to irreparable harm to the Underwriter for which monetary damages would not be
an adequate remedy and (b) if a breach or a threatened breach by the Company of any such obligations occurs, the Underwriter will, in
addition to any and all other rights and remedies that may be available to such party at law, at equity, or otherwise in respect of such
breach, be entitled to equitable relief, including a temporary restraining order, an injunction, specific performance of the terms of
Section 5.10 or Section 5.15 and any other relief that may be available from a court of competent jurisdiction, without any requirement
to (i) post a bond or other security, or (ii) prove actual damages or that monetary damages will not afford an adequate remedy. Each
party to this Agreement agrees that such party shall not oppose or otherwise challenge the existence of irreparable harm, the appropriateness
of equitable relief or the entry by a court of competent jurisdiction of an order granting equitable relief, in either case, consistent
with the terms of this Section 19.

20. Waiver of Jury Trial.
The parties to this Agreement hereby irrevocably waive, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial
by jury in any Related Proceeding.

21. No Fiduciary Relationship.
The Company acknowledges and agrees that: (i) the purchase and sale of the Units pursuant to this Agreement, including the determination
of the offering price of the Units and any related discounts and commissions, is an arms-length commercial transaction between
the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriter, on the other hand; (ii) in connection with each transaction contemplated hereby and
the process leading to such transaction the Underwriter is and has been acting solely as a principal and is not the agent or fiduciary
of the Company or its Affiliates, stockholders, members, partners, creditors or employees or any other party; (iii) the Underwriter has
not assumed and will not assume an advisory or fiduciary responsibility in favor of the Company with respect to any of the transactions
contemplated hereby or the process leading thereto (irrespective of whether the Underwriter has advised or is currently advising the
Company on other matters) or any other obligation to the Company except the obligations expressly set forth in this Agreement; (iv) the
Underwriter and its respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those
of the Company, and the Underwriter has no obligation to disclose any of such interests by virtue of any fiduciary or advisory relationship;
and (v) the Underwriter has not provided any legal, accounting, regulatory or tax advice in any jurisdiction with respect to the offering
contemplated hereby, and the Company has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent they deemed appropriate.
The Company waives and releases, to the full extent permitted by applicable law, any claims it may have against the Underwriter arising
from an alleged breach of fiduciary duty in connection with the offering of the Units or any matters leading up to the offering of the
Units.

39 

22. Compliance with the USA
Patriot Act. In accordance with the requirements of the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October
26, 2001)), the Underwriter is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies their respective clients, including
the Company, which information may include the name and address of its clients, as well as other information that will allow the Underwriter
to properly identify their respective clients.

23. Entire Agreement.
This Agreement, together with any contemporaneous written agreements and any prior written agreements (to the extent not superseded by
this Agreement) that relate to the offering of the Units, represents the entire agreement among the Company and the Underwriter with
respect to the preparation of the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package, the Final Prospectus, each Preliminary Prospectus,
each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, each Testing-the-Waters Communication and each Road Show, the purchase and sale of the Units and
the conduct of the offering contemplated hereby.

24. Amendments or Waivers.
No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement, nor any consent or approval to any departure therefrom, shall in any event
be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by all the parties hereto. No waiver by any party shall operate or be construed
as a waiver in respect of any failure, breach or default not expressly identified by such written waiver, whether of a similar or different
character, and whether occurring before or after the waiver. No failure to exercise, or delay in exercising, any right, remedy, power
or privilege arising from this Agreement shall operate or be construed as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise
of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege.

25. Section Headings.
The headings herein are included for convenience of reference only and are not intended to be part of, or to affect the meaning or interpretation
of, this Agreement.

26. Counterparts. This
Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but all of which together will be deemed to be one
and the same agreement. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, email (including PDF or any electronic signature complying with
the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000) or other transmission method, and any counterpart so delivered will be deemed to have been duly and
validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes.

27. Recognition of the U.S.
Special Resolution Regimes.

27.1.
In the event that the Underwriter is a Covered Entity (as defined below) becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution
Regime, the transfer from the Underwriter of this Agreement, and any interest and obligation in or under this Agreement, will be effective
to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime (as defined below) if this Agreement,
and any such interest and obligation, were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States.

40 

27.2.
In the event that the Underwriter is a Covered Entity or a BHC Act Affiliate (as defined below) of the Underwriter becomes subject to
a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights (as defined below) under this Agreement that may be exercised against
the Underwriter is permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special
Resolution Regime if this Agreement were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States.

27.3.
As used in this section:

27.3.1.
BHC Act Affiliate has the meaning assigned to the term affiliate in, and shall be interpreted
in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k).

27.3.2.
Covered Entity means any of the following:

27.3.2.1
a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b);

27.3.2.2
a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or

27.3.2.3
a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b).

27.3.3.
Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R.
252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable.

27.3.4.
U.S. Special Resolution Regime means each of (i) the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and the regulations promulgated
thereunder and (ii) Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder.

[DGLY
Underwriting Agreement Signature Page Follows]

41 

[DGLY
Underwriting Agreement Signature Page]

If
the foregoing is in accordance with your understanding, please indicate your acceptance of this Agreement by signing in the space provided
below.

Very
truly yours,

DIGITAL
ALLY, INC.

By: 

Name: Stanton Ross

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Confirmed
and accepted as of the date first above written:

AEGIS CAPITAL CORP. 

By: 

Name: Robert Eide 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

SCHEDULE
1.15

Pricing
Disclosure Package 

Number of Closing Units: 100,000,000 

Number of Units containing Firm Shares (Common Units) 7,850,000 

Number of Units containing Pre-funded Warrants (Pre-funded Units) 92,150,000 

Number of Option Shares: 15,000,000 

Number of Option Series A Common Warrants: 15,000,000 

Number of Option Series B Common Warrants: 15,000,000 

Public Offering Price per Common Unit: $ 0.15 

Public Offering Price per Pre-funded Unit: $ 0.149 

Exercise Price per Pre-Funded Warrant: $ 0.001 

Exercise Price per Series A Common Warrant: $ 0.1875 

Exercise Price per Series B Common Warrant: $ 0.3000 

Underwriting Discount per Common Unit and per Pre-funded Unit: $ 0.0105 

Non-accountable expense allowance per Common Unit and per Pre-funded Unit: $ 0.0015 

Purchase Price per Option Share: $ 0.13798 

Purchase Price per Series A or B Option Common Warrant: $ 0.00001 

SCHEDULE
2.5.4

Free
Writing Prospectuses 

SCHEDULE
2.43

Significant
Subsidiaries

Subsidiary
Legal Name Status State
of Organization Type
of Organization Entity
Organizational ID #

Digital
Ally International, Inc. Subsidiary-100%
owned Nevada Corporation NV20091423731

Shield
Products, LLC Subsidiary-100%
owned Kansas Limited
Liability Company 9656117

Digital
Ally Healthcare, Inc. Subsidiary-100%
owned Nevada Corporation NV20212106205

Nobility
Healthcare, LLC. Subsidiary-51%
owned Kansas Limited
Liability Company 9920075

TicketSmarter,
Inc. Subsidiary-100%
owned Nevada Corporation NV20211727915

TicketSmarter,
LLC Subsidiary-100%
owned Kansas Limited
Liability Company 9430463

Goody
Tickets, LLC Subsidiary-100%
owned Kansas Limited
Liability Company 6503932

Worldwide
Reinsurance, Ltd. Subsidiary-100%
owned Bermuda Private
Limited Company 47713

Digital
Connect, Inc. Subsidiary-100%
owned Nevada Corporation NV20222319342

BirdVu
Jets, Inc. Subsidiary-100%
owned Nevada Corporation NV20222550723

Kustom
440, Inc. Subsidiary-100%
owned Nevada Corporation NV20222550723

Kustom
Entertainment, Inc. Subsidiary-100%
owned Nevada Corporation NV20222805846

SCHEDULE
4.1.2

Closing
Securities

Underwriter Number
of Closing Units to Be Purchased Number
of Option Securities to Be Purchased 

if the Maximum Over-Allotment Option Is Exercised 

Aegis Capital Corp. 100,000,000 Number of Option
Shares: 15,000,000 

Number of Option Series A Warrants: 15,000,000 

Number of Option Series B Warrants: 15,000,000 

EXHIBIT
5.10.3.1 

Form
of Lock-Up Waiver 

[],
202[]

[Waiver
Recipient Name and Address]

Re: Lock-Up
Agreement Waiver

Ladies
and Gentlemen:

[Pursuant
to Section 8.9 of the Underwriting Agreement, dated February 13, 2025 (the Underwriting Agreement),
among Digital Ally, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), and Aegis Capital Corp. (the Underwriter),
and the Lock-Up Agreement, dated [], 2025 (the Lock-Up Agreement), between you and the Underwriter
relating to the Companys shares of Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share (the Share), the Underwriter
hereby gives its consent to allow you to sell up to [] Share [solely from and including [DATE] to and including [DATE]].]

[Pursuant
to Section 5.10 of the Underwriting Agreement, the Underwriter hereby
gives its consent to allow the Company to issue and sell up to [] Shares pursuant to an offering of the Shares to commence prior
to the expiration of the Lock-Up Period as defined in the Underwriting Agreement[, provided that such offering closes on or prior to
[]].]

AEGIS CAPITAL CORP.

By: 

Name: Robert Eide

Title: Chief Executive Officer

EXHIBIT
5.10.3.2

Form
of Lock-Up Waiver Press Release 

Digital
Ally, Inc.

[Date]

Digital
Ally, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company) announced today that Aegis Capital Corp., acting as the Underwriter in the
Companys recent public offering of the Companys Units consisting of one (1) share of Common Stock; one (1) Series A warrant
to purchase one (1) share of Common Stock at a per-Share exercise price of $[] (representing 125.0% of the per Closing Common
Unit offering price and one (1) Series B warrant to purchase one (1) share of Common Stock at a per-Share exercise price of $[]
(representing 200.0% of the per Closing Common Unit offering price), is [waiving] [releasing] a lock-up restriction with respect to the
Companys shares of Common Stock held by [certain officers or directors] [an officer or director] of the Company. The [waiver]
[release] will take effect on [Date], and the Shares may be sold on or after such date.

This
press release is not an offer or sale of the securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction where such offer or sale is
prohibited, and such securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

EXHIBIT
8.9

Form
of Lock-Up Agreement

EXHIBIT
8.11

Form
of Irrevocable Consent
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Digital Ally, Inc. Announces Closing of $15.0 Million
Underwritten Public Offering

LENEXA, KS, February 14, 2025 -- Digital Ally,
Inc. (Nasdaq: DGLY) (the Company), which develops, manufactures, and markets advanced video recording products and other
critical safety products for a growing variety of industries and organizational functions, including law enforcement, emergency management,
fleet safety and event security, today announced the closing of its previously announced firm commitment underwritten public offering.
Gross proceeds to the Company were approximately $15.0 million, before deducting underwriting fees and other offering expenses payable
by the Company. The offering closed on February 14, 2025.

The offering consisted of 100,000,000 Common Units
(or Pre-Funded Units), each consisting of (i) one (1) share of Common Stock or one (1) Pre-Funded Warrant, (ii) one (1) Series A Registered
Common Warrant (Series A Warrant) to purchase one (1) share of Common Stock per warrant at an exercise price of $0.1875
and (iii) one (1) Series B Registered Common Warrant (Series B Warrant and together with the Series A Warrant, the Warrants)
to purchase one (1) share of Common Stock per warrant at an exercise price of $0.30. The public offering price per Common Unit was
$0.15 (or $0.149 for each Pre-Funded Unit, which is equal to the public offering price per Common Unit sold in the offering minus an exercise
price of $0.001 per Pre-Funded Warrant). The Pre-Funded Warrants are immediately exercisable and may be exercised at any time until exercised
in full. For each Pre-Funded Unit sold in the offering, the number of Common Units in the offering will be decreased on a one-for-one
basis. The initial exercise price of each Series A Warrant is $0.1875 per share of Common Stock. The Series A Warrants are exercisable
following stockholder approval and expire five (5) years thereafter. The initial exercise price of each Series B Warrant is $0.30 per
share of Common Stock or pursuant to an alternative cashless exercise option. The Series B Warrants are exercisable following stockholder
approval and expire two and one half (2.5) years thereafter. The number of securities issuable under the Series B Warrant is subject to
adjustment as described in more detail in the report on Form 8-K to be filed in connection with the offering.

Solely to cover over-allotments, if any, the Company
granted Aegis Capital Corp. (Aegis) a 45-day option to purchase additional shares of Common Stock and/or Warrants of (i)
up to 15.0% of the number of shares of Common Stock sold in the offering, (ii) up to 15.0% of the number of Series A Warrants sold in
the offering and (iii) up to 15.0% of the number of Series B Warrants sold in the offering. The purchase price per additional share of
Common Stock is equal to the public offering price of one Common Unit (less $0.00001 allocated to each Warrant), less the underwriting
discount. The purchase price per additional Warrant is $0.00001. On February 14, 2025, Aegis exercised its over-allotment option with
respect to 15,000,000 Series A Warrants and 15,000,000 Series B Warrants.

Aegis Capital Corp. acted as the sole book-running
manager for the offering. Sullivan & Worcester LLP acted as counsel to the Company. Kaufman & Canoles, P.C. acted as counsel to
Aegis Capital Corp.

The offering was made pursuant to a registration statement
on Form S-1 (No. 333-284448) previously filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) and declared effective
by the SEC on February 12, 2025. The offering was made only by means of a prospectus. A final prospectus describing the terms of the proposed
offering will be filed with the SEC and will be available on the SECs website located at www.sec.gov. Electronic copies of the
preliminary prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus may be obtained, when available, by contacting Aegis Capital Corp.,
Attention: Syndicate Department, 1345 Avenue of the Americas, 27th floor, New York, NY 10105, by email at syndicate@aegiscap.com, or by
telephone at +1 (212) 813-1010.

This press release shall not constitute an offer to
sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such
an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or
jurisdiction.

About Digital Ally, Inc.

Digital Ally, Inc. (NASDAQ: DGLY) through its subsidiaries,
is engaged in video solution technology, human & animal health protection products, healthcare revenue cycle management, ticket brokering
and marketing, event production and jet chartering. Digital Ally continues to add organizations that demonstrate the common traits of
positive earnings, growth potential, innovation and organizational synergies.

For additional news and information please visit www.digitalally.com.

Forward-Looking Statements

The foregoing material may contain forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
each as amended. Forward-looking statements include all statements that do not relate solely to historical or current facts, including
without limitation statements regarding the Companys product development and business prospects, and can be identified by the use
of words such as may, will, expect, project, estimate, anticipate,
plan, believe, potential, should, continue or the negative versions
of those words or other comparable words. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future actions or performance. These forward-looking
statements are based on information currently available to the Company and its current plans or expectations and are subject to a number
of risks and uncertainties that could significantly affect current plans. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize,
or the underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may differ significantly from those anticipated, believed, estimated, expected,
intended, or planned. Although the Company believes that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable,
the Company cannot guarantee future results, performance, or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the security
laws of the United States, the Company does not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to
actual results.

Stanton Ross, CEO

Tom Heckman, CFO

Digital Ally, Inc.

913-814-7774

info@digitalallyinc.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>dgly-20250218.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>dgly-20250218_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>dgly-20250218_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 18, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 18, 2025

Entity File Number 001-33899

Entity Registrant Name DIGITAL
ALLY, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001342958

Entity Tax Identification Number 20-0064269

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 6366 College Blvd.,

Entity Address, City or Town Overland Park

Entity Address, State or Province KS

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 66211

City Area Code (913)

Local Phone Number 814-7774

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
stock, $0.001 par value

Trading Symbol DGLY

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://digitalallyinc.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

dgly-20250218.xsd 
dgly-20250218_lab.xml 
dgly-20250218_pre.xml 
form8-k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-007233-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001342958 

2025-02-18 
2025-02-18 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001342958 
8-K 
2025-02-18 
DIGITAL ALLY, INC. 
NV 
001-33899 
20-0064269 
6366 College Blvd., 
Overland Park 
KS 
66211 
(913) 
814-7774 
Common stock, $0.001 par value 
DGLY 
NASDAQ 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>