<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-001343.txt : 20250106
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-001343.hdr.sgml : 20250106
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250106163207
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-001343
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250101
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250106
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250106

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			OMEGA HEALTHCARE INVESTORS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000888491
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				383041398
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11316
		FILM NUMBER:		25511649

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		303 INTERNATIONAL CIRCLE,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			HUNT VALLEY
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21030
		BUSINESS PHONE:		410-427-1700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		303 INTERNATIONAL CIRCLE,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			HUNT VALLEY
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21030
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm252000d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000088849100008884912025-01-012025-01-01iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
January 1, 2025

OMEGA HEALTHCARE INVESTORS, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter)

Maryland 1-11316 38-3041398

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation) (Commission File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

303 International Circle,

Suite 200

Hunt Valley, Maryland21030

(Address of principal executive offices
/ Zip Code)

(410) 427-1700

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

Check the appropriate box below if the
Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate
by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, $.10 par value OHI New York Stock Exchange

Item 5.02 Departure
of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

Leadership Transition

Effective January 1, 2025, the
Board of Directors (the Board) of Omega Healthcare Investors, Inc. (the Company) appointed Matthew Gourmand,
previously the Companys Senior Vice President of Corporate Strategy & Investor Relations, as President of the Company.
In addition, the Board appointed Vikas Gupta, previously the Companys Senior Vice President of Acquisitions & Development,
as Chief Investment Officer of the Company.

Mr. Gourmand
(age 49) has served as the Companys Senior Vice President of Corporate Strategy & Investor Relations since October 2017.
Prior to this, Mr. Gourmand spent 10 years as an equity portfolio manager at Millennium Partners and Stevens Capital Management.
Mr. Gourmand spent three years as an equity research analyst at UBS and six years in the audit department of Deloitte where he qualified
as a Chartered Accountant and a Certified Public Accountant. He earned an LLB in Law from University College, London, and holds the Chartered
Financial Analyst (CFA) designation.

Mr. Gupta
(age 43) has served as the Companys Senior Vice President of Acquisitions & Development since April 2015.
From 2003 to July 2011, Mr. Gupta served in various roles at CapitalSource Finance, most recently as a Sr. Loan Officer/VP,
where he oversaw a portfolio of healthcare assets.

In connection with these appointments,
the Compensation Committee of the Board approved new employment agreements effective January 1, 2025 for each of Mr. Gourmand
and Mr. Gupta (the New Employment Agreements). Each New Employment Agreement provides for a term through December 31,
2027 and an annual base salary of $550,000 for Mr. Gourmand and $525,000 for Mr. Gupta, effective January 1, 2025 (subject
to annual review for possible increase). Each New Employment Agreement provides that the executive officers annual bonus opportunity
at the high level of performance will be set at 125% of annual base salary.

The New Employment Agreements provide
for a potential amount of severance pay in the event of a termination without cause or with good reason (both, as defined in the New Employment
Agreements) of (i) a multiple of two times of the sum of annual base salary and the three-year average annual bonus, and (ii) employer-paid
group healthcare premiums for the executive officer and spouse and dependents for 18 months after termination of employment, or until
such coverage terminates, if earlier. Both executive officers are subject to covenants regarding non-competition and non-solicitation
of clients and employees post-termination of employment for a period of two years. The New Employment Agreements provide for a prorated
annual bonus if the executive officer terminates employment due to death or disability.

Neither of Mr. Gourmand or Mr. Gupta
have any family relationship with any director, executive officer or person chosen to become a director or executive officer of the Company,
nor are there any arrangements or understandings between either of Mr. Gourmand or Mr. Gupta and any other person(s) pursuant
to which they were selected to become an officer or director of the Company. There are no related party transactions between either of
Mr. Gourmand or Mr. Gupta and the Company reportable under Item 5.02 of Form 8-K and Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.

The description of the New Employment
Agreements contained in this Current Report on Form 8-K does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference
to the full text of each of the New Employment Agreements, respectively, which will be filed as exhibits to the Companys Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the first quarter of 2025.

In conjunction with these promotions,
the Company and Daniel J. Booth, the Companys Chief Operating Officer, mutually agreed that Mr. Booths employment with
the Company would terminate effective January 2, 2025.

The Company and its subsidiary Omega
Asset Management, LLC entered into a Transition Agreement and Release (the Transition Agreement) as of January 1, 2025
with Mr. Booth in connection with his departure and transitioning of his responsibilities. The Transition Agreement provides that
Mr. Booth will be entitled to receive the payments and benefits due in connection with a termination of employment by the Company
without cause pursuant to his Employment Agreement, as amended, dated effective January 1, 2024, provided that vesting of his previously
granted equity incentives shall be prorated through January 1, 2026, and he shall be entitled to certain continued benefits under
his supplemental life insurance policy. In addition, pursuant to a Consulting Agreement entered into between the Company and Mr. Booth
as of January 3, 2025, Mr. Booth has agreed to perform such consulting and advisory services from January 3, 2025 through
January 1, 2026 as the Company may require in connection with transitioning Mr. Booths responsibilities, in exchange
for consulting fee of $10,000 per month. All separation benefits are conditioned on Mr. Booth executing a general release of claims
against the Company as well as his continued compliance with all applicable post-termination employee covenants.

The descriptions of the Transition Agreement
and the Consulting Agreement contained in this Current Report on Form 8-K do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their
entirety by reference to the Transition Agreement and the Consulting Agreement, respectively, copies of which are filed herewith as Exhibits
10.1 and 10.2, respectively, and are incorporated in this Item 5.02 by reference.

Employment Agreement Amendments

As of January 1, 2025, the Company
also entered into amendments of the employment agreements of each of the Companys other named executive officers to extend the
term of their respective employment agreements by one year to December 31, 2027 and revise their annual salaries in accordance with
the annual review conducted by the Compensation Committee of the Board.

Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.

On January 6, 2025, the Company
issued a press release announcing the executive transitions described above. The press release, furnished as Exhibit 99.1 hereto,
shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements
and Exhibits

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit No. Description
of Exhibit

10.1 Transition
Agreement and Release, dated as of January 1, 2025, between Omega Healthcare Investors, Inc., Omega Asset Management LLC and
Mr. Booth.

10.2 Consulting
Agreement, dated as of January 3, 2025, between Omega Healthcare Investors, Inc., Omega Asset Management LLC and Mr. Booth.

99.1 Press
release issued by the Company on January 6, 2025.

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

OMEGA HEALTHCARE INVESTORS, INC.

Dated: January 6, 2025 By: /s/ Gail D. Makode

Gail D. Makode

Chief Legal Officer, General Counsel
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm252000d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

Execution Version

TRANSITION AGREEMENT AND RELEASE

THIS TRANSITION AGREEMENT
AND RELEASE (the Agreement) is made effective as of the 1st day of January, 2025 (the Effective Date),
except as otherwise provide herein, among Omega Healthcare Investors, Inc. (Parent), Omega Asset Management
LLC (the Company) and Daniel J. Booth (Executive). The Parent, the Company and the Executive,
when collectively referred to, are hereinafter identified as the Parties.

INTRODUCTION

Effective January 2, 2025
(the Transition Effective Date), Executive will terminate employment from the Company and its Affiliates,
which shall mean, for purposes of this Agreement, any person, firm, corporation, partnership, association or entity that, directly or
indirectly or through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by or is under common control with the Company, as determined
by the Company; and the term of the Employment Agreement effective January 1, 2024 among Parent, the Company and Executive, as amended,
(the Employment Agreement) is hereby terminated as of January 2, 2025. In addition, effective as of January 3,
2025, Parent and Executive shall enter into a Consulting Agreement (the Consulting Agreement), substantially in
the form attached as Exhibit A hereto, pursuant to which Executive shall perform business consulting and business advisory
services to Parent and its Affiliates from and after January 3, 2025 through January 1, 2026. As a result of the level
of services expected under the Consulting Agreement, Executive is expected to incur a Separation from Service within
the meaning of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code on January 2, 2025. Pursuant to the Employment Agreement, Executives
termination of employment on January 2, 2025, constitutes a termination of employment by the Company without Cause,
as defined in the Employment Agreement, and as a result, Executive is entitled to certain payments, including prorated incentive compensation.
Further, the Company recognizes that due in part to Executives long tenure with the Company and its Affiliates, Executive has
unique knowledge, experience and skills, and the Company has a unique need to engage Executive for an interim period to assist in a smooth
transition of his duties and knowledge to other officers. Accordingly, the Parties desire to enter into this Agreement pursuant to which
Executive will receive certain compensation as provided under the Employment Agreement and certain other prorated incentive compensation
and agree to provide transitional consulting services to the Company from January 3, 2025 through January 1, 2026, in each
case upon the terms set forth below.

NOW, THEREFORE, the
Parties agree as follows:

1. Terms
and Conditions of Engagement.

(a) Transitional
Employment and Consulting Agreement. The Company and Executive agree that Executive shall remain employed by the Company through
and until January 2, 2025, and Parent and Executive shall enter into the Consulting Agreement, pursuant to which Executive
shall perform such business consulting and business advisory services to Parent and its Affiliates as Parent may require from time to
time from and after January 3, 2025 through January 1, 2026.

2. Compensation.

The
Parties hereby agree that, in consideration for Executives promises contained herein, the Executive shall remain employed in his
current role and be paid his base salary at his current rate through and until the Transition Effective Date, as well as continue participation
in any Company benefit plans through and until the Transition Effective Date. Further, in consideration for Executives promises
contained herein, and provided that Executive executes this Agreement and returns it to the Company on January 1, 2025, executes
and returns to the Company the Release Agreement described in Section 2(e) hereof as of January 3, 2025,
and does not challenge any portion of this Agreement, including the Release Agreement, or revoke the Release Agreement within the revocation
period provided therein, and provided that Executive complies with this Agreement, the Employment Agreement and Intellectual Property
Agreement (as defined below), Executive shall be entitled to receive the following amounts (collectively referred to herein as the Transition
Amounts), in accordance with Sections 3(b) and 3(c)(1) of the Employment Agreement, in addition to any consulting
fees payable pursuant to the Consulting Agreement:

(a) Benefits.
Following the Transition Effective Date, should Executive elect to receive benefits through COBRA,Executive shall be entitled to, in accordance with Section 3(c)(i)(B) of the Employment Agreement, payment of 100% of
the applicable monthly COBRA premium under the Companys group health plan for the coverage elected by Executive, his spouse and
his eligible dependents, continued for the lesser of eighteen (18) month or until such COBRA coverage for Executive (or his spouse or
dependents) terminates, which the Company shall pay directly to its group health plan insurer on Executives behalf, provided however,
that if such payment would violate applicable law or result in liability or penalties under applicable law, the Company shall instead
pay Executive a taxable amount equal to the amount of each such monthly premium, with one-half of each monthly premium being added to
each of the two monthly installment payments in clause (b) below until all such required taxable amounts have been paid. In addition,
the Company shall cooperate with Employee to cause Employees supplemental life insurance policy to remain in effect following
Employees termination of employment and to cause the transfer of any and all benefits under such policy to Employee as of such
time, in each case subject to the consent and requirements of the respective insurance carrier and the terms of such insurance policy,
and provided that Employee assumes the full responsibility for any premiums owing under such policy following the Transition Effective
Date and any tax liability associated the transfer of such policy benefits to Employee.

(b) Transition
Payment. Subject to lawful deductions, the gross sum of $2,039,713, equal to two times the sum of (i) Executives annual
base salary plus (ii) an amount equal to Executives Average Annual Bonus as defined in the Employment Agreement
(the Transition Payment), in accordance with Section 3(c)(i)(A) of the Employment Agreement. Executive
acknowledges and agrees that payment of the Transition Payment shall be made in substantially equal installments not less frequently
than twice per month over the twenty-four (24) month period commencing as of the date of his Separation from Service (expected to be
January 2, 2025), provided that, the first payment shall be made sixty (60) days following the date of Separation from Service (or
the first business day following such 60 day period) and shall include all payments accrued from the date of Separation from Service
to the date of the first payment.

2

(c) Equity
Awards. In accordance with Section 3(b) of the Employment Agreement, any rights to, amounts due under or vesting of any
unvested and outstanding equity awards made by Parent or any of its Affiliates to Executive, as specified according to the terms and
conditions of such awards or grants or pursuant to any plans or documents otherwise governing such awards or grants, provided that, if
Executive executes and returns the Letter Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit B to the Company along with this Agreement,
complies with the Consulting Agreement and does not terminate the Consulting Agreement before January 1, 2026 and the Company does
not terminate the Consulting Agreement before January 1, 2026 due to breach by Executive, the prorated vesting for such awards shall
assume that Executive has provided services through January 1, 2026, reflecting the period of services to be provided by Executive
pursuant to the Consulting Agreement, instead of through the date of his termination of employment by the Company without Cause. For
the avoidance of doubt, the amounts of all such outstanding equity awards due to Executive hereunder are limited to the amounts specified
below, but otherwise remain subject to all the terms and conditions of such equity awards:

(i) Time-Based Awards. Subject to Sections
2(e), (f) and (g), 3, 4 and 5, Executive shall vest in a total of 91,929 time-based
restricted stock units and profits interest units under the Time-Based Restricted Stock Units
Award Agreements and Time-Based Profits Interest Units Award Agreements issued by Parent
effective January 1, 2022, January 1, 2023 and January 1, 2024, with proration
of vesting occurring as if Executive had incurred a Qualifying Termination
(as defined in such agreements) on January 1, 2026, and which vested units shall be
paid when required by the terms of such agreements. The 91,929 units are comprised of 28,685
units under the January 1, 2022 award agreement, 32,429 units under the January 1,
2023 award agreement and 30,815 units under the January 1, 2024 award agreement.

(ii) Performance-Based Awards. Subject
to Sections 2(e), (f) and (g), 3, 4, and 5, Executive shall vest in the same number
of performance restricted stock units, LTIP units and profits interest units under the agreements
below as if Executive had incurred a Qualifying Termination (as defined in
such agreements) on January 1, 2026, which vested units shall be paid when required
by the terms of such agreements. The number of vested units under each such agreement is
set forth below, based on the applicable level of performance achieved (threshold, target
or high), and where less than the full performance period under the agreement was served
by Executive, a period served by Executive through January 1, 2026, as well as based
on an assumption that a Change in Control (as defined in such agreements) does
not occur during the applicable Performance Period (as defined in such agreements).
If a Change in Control does occur during the applicable Performance Period, the number of
vested units will be determined under the applicable agreement, as modified by this subsection.

3

Performance-Based
Units % of Period 

Agreement Threshold Target High Served 

1/1/2022 

for 12/31/2024 Performance Period end 

-TSR-Based Performance
Profit Interests Units Award Agreement 6,518 40,187 112,145 100 %

-Relative TSR-Based Performance Profit
Interests Units Award Agreement 6,063 38,977 116,159 100 %

1/1/2023 

for 12/31/2025 Performance Period end 

-TSR-Based Performance Profit
Interests Units Award Agreement 7,257 44,765 125,117 100 %

-Relative TSR-Based Performance Profit
Interests Units Award Agreement 7,323 47,310 142,087 100 %

1/1/2024 

for 12/31/2026 Performance Period end 

-TSR-Based Performance Profit Interests
Units Award Agreement 5,119 32,183 92,985 66.85 %

-Relative TSR-Based Performance Profit
Interests Units Award Agreement 4,740 31,071 95,548 66.85 %

(d)Expenses.
Executive shall be entitled to be reimbursed in accordance with Company policy for reasonable and necessary expenses incurred by Executive
in connection with the performance of Executives duties of employment hereunder through the Transition Effective Date in accordance
with the Employment Agreement.

(e) Release
Contingency. The payments to Executive required by Sections 2(a) through 2(c) are contingent upon Executive executing the
Release Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit C (the Release Agreement) on January 3, 2025, and
delivering it to the Company on January 3, 2025, and not revoking the Release Agreement in accordance with its procedures within
the revocation period provided in the Release Agreement. If Executive fails to timely execute and deliver the Release Agreement or if
Executive revokes the Release Agreement within the revocation period provided in the Release Agreement, this Agreement shall thereupon
automatically terminate, without the requirement of any further action by any party, provided that the provisions of Sections 4 and 5
hereof shall continue to apply to Executive.

4

(f) Section 409(a).
All payments provided for in this Agreement are intended to be exempt from Code Section 409A to the maximum extent possible, and
any payments that are subject to Code Section 409A are intended to be compliant therewith, and this Agreement shall be construed
consistent with such intent. For purposes of Section 409A, each the entitlement to a series of installment payments hereunder will
be treated as the right to a series of separate payments to the extent not inconsistent with any other agreement to which Executive is
subject. Notwithstanding any other provision hereof if the Executive is a specified employee within the meaning of Code
Section 409A at the date of his separation from service, then if, and solely to the extent, required to avoid a tax under Code Section 409A,
payments which would otherwise have been made during the first six (6) months after separation from service shall be withheld and
paid to the Executive during the seventh month following the date of his termination of employment. While the Company intends that no
payment under this Agreement shall be subject to tax under Code Section 409A, the Company provides no guarantee of tax consequences
to Executive and Executive shall be responsible for Executives own taxes. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the total payments
to be paid to Executive hereunder, along with any other payments to Executive, would result in Executive being subject to the excise
tax imposed by Code Section 4999, the Company shall reduce the aggregate payments to the largest amount which can be paid to Executive
without triggering the excise tax, but only if and to the extent that such reduction would result in Executive retaining larger aggregate
after-tax payments. The determination of the excise tax and the aggregate after-tax payments to be received by Executive will be made
by the Company after consultation with its advisors and in material compliance with applicable law. For this purpose, the Parties agree
that the payments provided for in Section 3(c)(i) of the Employment Agreement are intended to be reasonable compensation for
refraining from performing services after termination of employment (i.e., Executives obligations pursuant to Sections 4, 5 and
6) to the maximum extent possible, and if necessary or desirable, the Company will retain a valuator or consultant to determine the amount
constituting reasonable compensation. If payments are to be reduced, to the extent permissible under Code Section 4999, payments
will be reduced in a manner that maximizes the after-tax economic benefit to Executive and to the extent consistent with that objective,
in the following order of precedence: (A) first, payments will be reduced in order of those with the highest ratio of value for
purposes of the calculation of the parachute payment to projected actual taxable compensation to those with the lowest such ratio, (B) second,
cash payments will be reduced before non-cash payments, and (C) third, payments to be made latest in time will be reduced first.
Any reduction will be made in a manner that is intended to avoid a tax being incurred under Code Section 409A.

(g) Incentive
Recovery Policy. Pursuant to Section 8 of the Employment Agreement, Executive has agreed to be bound by the Companys
Incentive Compensation Recovery Policy, as amended, and that this provision shall survive termination of the Employment Agreement and
this Agreement.

3. Termination.

(a) Termination.
This Agreement may be terminated only: (i) by mutual agreement of the Parties; (ii) as provided in Section 2, as a result
of the failure of Executive to timely execute and deliver the Release Agreement or as a result of Executive revoking the Release Agreement;
or (iii) by the Company, as a result of Executives material breach of this Agreement or the Employment Agreement, and if
the breach is determined to be curable in the reasonable judgment of the Company, only if the Company has first given Executive written
notice of the breach and a reasonable opportunity to cure the same. Notice of termination shall be given prior to termination in writing
and shall specify the effective date of termination. Except for earned and accrued salary and benefits and expenses under Sections 2
and 2(d), Executive shall not be entitled to any payments if this Agreement is terminated under clauses (ii) or (iii) above.

(b) Survival.
The covenants of Executive in Sections 4 and 5 hereof and shall survive the termination of this Agreement and shall not be extinguished
thereby.

5

4. Restrictive
Covenants.

Executive previously agreed
pursuant to Sections 4, 5, 6 and 8 of the Employment Agreement to be subject to certain nondisclosure, cooperation, noncompetition, nonsolicitation
and nondisparagement obligations, as well as the Companys Incentive Compensation Recovery Policy, as amended, and the Intellectual
Property Agreement between Company and the Executive dated as of August 28, 2024 (the Intellectual Property Agreement),
each of which survived his termination of employment. Executive confirms that he agrees to comply with his obligations pursuant to Sections
4, 5, 6 and 8 of the Employment Agreement and that Executives compliance with the same shall be a condition of his receiving the
amounts payable under Sections 2(a) through 2(c) hereof.

5. Remedies
and Enforceability.

Executive agrees that the
covenants, agreements, and representations contained in Section 4 hereof are of the essence of this Agreement; that each of such
covenants are reasonable and necessary to protect and preserve the interests and properties of the Company and its Affiliates; that irreparable
loss and damage will be suffered by the Company and its Affiliates should Executive breach any of such covenants and agreements; that
each of such covenants and agreements is separate, distinct and severable not only from the other of such covenants and agreements but
also from the other and remaining provisions of this Agreement; that the unenforceability of any such covenant or agreement shall not
affect the validity or enforceability of any other such covenant or agreements or any other provision or provisions of this Agreement;
and that (a) Executive shall forfeit any unpaid compensation under Sections 2(a) through 2(c) if Executive materially
breaches a covenant in Section 4 hereof, and (b) the Company and Parent shall be entitled to seek both temporary and permanent
injunctions to prevent a breach or contemplated breach by Executive of any of such covenants or agreements, in addition to other remedies
available to them.

6. Notice.

All notices, requests, demands
and other communications required hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if delivered or if mailed,
by United States certified or registered mail, prepaid to the party to which the same is directed at the following addresses (or at such
other addresses as shall be given in writing by the Parties to one another):

If to the Company: Omega
Healthcare Investors, Inc.

303 International Circle, Suite 200

Hunt Valley, MD 21030

Attn: Chief Legal Officer, General Counsel

If to Executive: to the last address the Company

has on file for Executive

Notices delivered in person shall be effective on the date of delivery.
Notices delivered by mail as aforesaid shall be effective upon the fourth calendar day subsequent to the postmark date thereof.

6

7. Miscellaneous.

(a) Assignment.
The rights and obligations of the Company and Parent under this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the Companys and Parents
successors and assigns. This Agreement may be assigned by the Company or Parent to any legal successor to the Companys or Parents
business or to an entity that purchases all or substantially all of the assets of the Company or Parent, but not otherwise without the
prior written consent of Executive. Executive may not assign this Agreement.

(b) Waiver.
The waiver of any breach of this Agreement by any party shall not be effective unless in writing, and no such waiver shall constitute
the waiver of the same or another breach on a subsequent occasion.

(c) Governing
Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Maryland. The Parties
agree that any appropriate state or federal court located in Baltimore, Maryland shall have jurisdiction of any case or controversy arising
under or in connection with this Agreement and shall be a proper forum in which to adjudicate such case or controversy. The Parties consent
to the jurisdiction of such courts.

(d) Entire
Agreement. This Agreement embodies the entire agreement of the Parties hereto relating to the subject matter hereof and supersedes
all oral agreements, and to the extent inconsistent with the terms hereof, all other written agreements. The Parties agree that the term
of the Employment Agreement is terminated effective January 2, 2025and that the Employment Agreement is hereby terminated effective
January 2, 2025, except as to the terms which survive termination, including without limitation Sections 4 and 5 of the Employment
Agreement. As of January 2, 2025, Executive resigns from all positions that he holds with Parent, the Company and the Affiliates.

(e) Amendment.
This Agreement may not be modified, amended, supplemented or terminated except by a written instrument executed by the Parties hereto.

(f) Severability.
Each of the covenants and agreements hereinabove contained shall be deemed separate, severable and independent covenants, and in the
event that any covenant shall be declared invalid by any court of competent jurisdiction, such invalidity shall not in any manner affect
or impair the validity or enforceability of any other part or provision of such covenant or of any other covenant contained herein.

(g) Captions
and Section Headings. Captions and section headings used herein are for convenience only and are not a part of this Agreement
and shall not be used in construing it.

7

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, Parent, the Company and Executive have each executed and delivered this Agreement as of the date first shown
above.

OMEGA HEALTHCARE INVESTORS, INC.

By: /s/ C. Taylor Pickett

C. Taylor Pickett, Chief Executive Officer

OHI ASSET MANAGEMENT LLC

By: /s/ C. Taylor Pickett

C. Taylor Pickett, Chief Executive Officer

EXECUTIVE

By: /s/ Daniel
J. Booth

Daniel J. Booth

8

EXHIBIT A

CONSULTING AGREEMENT

CONSULTING AGREEMENT

This Consulting Agreement
(this Agreement) is entered to be effective as of January 3, 2025, by and between Omega Healthcare Investors, Inc.
(hereinafter Omega or the Company) and Daniel J. Booth (hereinafter Consultant).

RECITALS

WHEREAS,
until January 2, 2025, Consultant was an officer of Omega, as well as an officer and director of subsidiaries of Omega
(collectively, the Omega Companies);

WHEREAS,
Consultant has expertise in the area of Omegas business and is willing to provide consulting services to Omega as set
forth herein; and

WHEREAS,
Omega is willing and desires to engage Consultant as an independent contractor, during the Term (as defined below), on the
terms and conditions set forth herein.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and of the mutual promises set forth herein, and intending to be legally bound,
the parties hereto agree as follows:

AGREEMENT

1. Term; Termination; Rights on Termination.

(a) This
Agreement will commence on January 3, 2025, and unless modified by the mutual written agreement of the parties, shall continue
until January 1, 2026 (the Term). This Agreement may be terminated at any time, with or without cause,
by either party with ten (10) days written notice to the other party. The effectiveness of this Agreement is contingent upon
Consultant signing on January 3, 2025, and returning on January 3, 2025 that certain Release Agreement and not revoking
the Release Agreement within the revocation period provided therein. 

(b) In
the event Omega terminates this Agreement during the Term, other than for Consultants willful failure or gross negligence
in performing the consulting services described on Schedule A hereof (the Services), Consultant shall
receive from Omega, the monthly Consulting Fee (defined below) then in effect for whatever time period is remaining under the Term.

Exhibit A Page 1

2. Compensation.

Consulting
Fee. In consideration of the Services that may be performed by Consultant, Omega agrees to pay Consultant $10,000 per
month during the Term as a retainer for Consultants services for Services of up to twenty (20) hours per month, subject to
the maximum number of hours of services to be provided as described in Section 3(b) below, with monthly payments being
made on or before the last business day of the month following provision of the Services during the Term of this Agreement (Consulting
Fee). Should Consultant exceed 20 hours per month in provision of the Services, the Chief Executive Officer and Consultant
shall mutually agree on any additional fee payable, if any. The Company may withhold from any amounts payable with respect to this
Agreement such federal, state, local and other taxes as may be required to be withheld, if any, pursuant to any applicable law or
regulation. As Consultant is not an employee of any of the Omega Companies, Consultant shall not be permitted to participate in any
benefit plans of any of the Omega Companies, except for any right he has to participate in group health plans pursuant to COBRA as
a result of a termination of employment. 

3. Terms
and Scope of Services.

(a) This
Agreement shall control and govern all work performed by Consultant. No subsequent variance from, amendment to or modification of
this Agreement shall be binding upon the Omega Companies unless it is in writing, expressly provides that it is intended as a variance,
amendment or modification and is executed by a fully authorized representative of the Omega Companies. 

(b) The
scope of services to be provided hereunder is set forth in Schedule A hereto and as further modified and amended under
subsequent written agreements between the parties. It is understood that the number of hours of services to be provided hereunder
per month are expected over the Term not to exceed twenty percent (20%) of the time worked by Consultant per month for
the Omega Companies averaged over the thirty-six month period before the first day of the Term. 

(c) All
travel and out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Consultant for the benefit of the Omega Companies and in the performance of this agreement
that are preapproved in advance by the Company, shall be reimbursed by the Company within ten (10) business days following presentation
of valid expense receipts. 

(d) All
payments to Consultant hereunder will be reported on Form 1099, and Consultant agrees to accept exclusive liability for the
payment of all taxes, contributions for unemployment insurance, old age and survivors insurance or annuities, which are based
on the fees and expense reimbursements paid to Consultant; and Consultant agrees to reimburse Omega for any of the aforesaid taxes
or contributions which by law Omega may be required to pay because of Consultants failure to pay the same. 

Exhibit A Page 2

(e) The
level of Consultants services under this Agreement is intended to result in a separation from service (as defined
under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code) occurring on January 2, 2025. Consultant acknowledges that the Company
makes no warranties as to any tax consequences regarding payment of the Consulting Fee, and Consultant shall solely be responsible
for payment of his own taxes. 

(f) Consultant,
as an independent contractor, shall personally perform the services rendered under this Agreement and may not subcontract or delegate
his duties to any other party. It is specifically understood and agreed that the manner and means of performing the services required
under this Agreement shall be at the sole discretion of the Consultant through use of his independent judgment. Subject to Section 3(b),
Consultant shall devote sufficient business time and efforts to the performance of services for the Company to complete the services
within the time frames for completion established by the Company. Consultant shall use Consultants best efforts in such endeavors.
Consultant shall also perform Consultants services with a level of care, skill, and diligence that a prudent professional
acting in a like capacity and familiar with such matters would use.

(g) Consultant
shall have no authority to bind the Omega Companies or any of its officers or employees to any agreement or to make managerial or Consultant
decisions that are binding on the Omega Companies. Consultant shall not be subject to the supervision, direction or control of the Omega
Companies as to the particular means or methods of performing his services. However, the Omega Companies shall retain the right to review
and inspect at any time any part of the work performed by Consultant to assure compliance with appropriate standards and specifications.

(h) Upon
request or when Consultants relationship with the Company terminates, Consultant will immediately deliver to the Company all
copies of any and all materials and writings received from, created for, or belonging to the Company including, but not limited to,
those which relate to or contain proprietary or confidential information, consistent with the requirements of the Intellectual Property
Agreement. 

4. Entire Agreement.
This Agreement contains the entire understanding and agreement between the parties hereto with respect to its subject matter and
supersedes any prior or contemporaneous written or oral agreements, representations or warranties between them respecting the subject
matter hereof, other than any Transition and Release Agreement entered into between Consultant and Omega.

5. Amendment.
This Agreement may be amended only by a writing signed by Consultant and by a duly authorized officer of Omega.

6. Remedy for Breach.
Should either Consultant or Omega resort to legal proceedings to enforce this Agreement, the prevailing party in such legal proceeding
shall be awarded, in addition to such other relief as may be granted, attorneys fees and costs incurred in connection with
such proceeding.

Exhibit A Page 3

7. Governing Law.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Maryland. The parties agree
that any appropriate state or federal court located in Baltimore, Maryland shall have jurisdiction of any case or controversy arising
under or in connection with this Agreement and shall be a proper forum in which to adjudicate such case or controversy. The parties
consent to the jurisdiction of such courts.

8. Duplicate.
This Agreement may be executed in duplicate originals and is not effective unless signed by both parties.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
Omega and Consultant have executed this Agreement effective as of the date first written above.

Consultant Omega Healthcare
Investors, Inc.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Exhibit A Page 4

SCHEDULE A

SCOPE OF SERVICES

Consultant shall render such transitional support
services and perform such individual projects as may be requested by the Chief Executive Officer of Omega from time to time during the
Term (the Services).

It is contemplated that the Consultant may not
be asked to perform any or all of the specified services above during the performance of this Agreement. At the same time, it is contemplated
that the Consultant may be asked to render and perform other valued consulting services to the Company.

All services rendered and performance thereof
shall be at the direction of the Chief Executive Officer of Omega.

EXHIBIT B

LETTER AGREEMENT

LETTER AGREEMENT

The undersigned, Daniel J. Booth, (the Limited
Partner), OHI Healthcare Properties Limited Partnership (the Partnership), and Omega Healthcare
Investors, Inc., as the Partnerships general partner (Omega or the General Partner)
in connection with the execution of that certain Transition and Release Agreement, by and between the General Partner, Omega Asset Management
LLC and the Limited Partner, hereby agree as follows effective as of January 1, 2025 (the Effective Date).
Capitalized terms used herein without definition will have the meaning assigned to them in the Second Amended and Restated Agreement
of OHI Healthcare Properties Limited Partnership, dated as of April 1, 2015, as it may be amended or any successor agreement thereof
(the Partnership Agreement). All Section references herein are references to sections of the
Partnership Agreement unless otherwise specified.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the
Partnership Agreement, the Limited Partner agrees that with respect to the Limited Partner (and its successors and assigns) and any and
all LP Units held as of the date hereof and any LP Units acquired hereafter, the last sentence of Section 8.6(a) is deleted
in its entirety and replaced with the following (new language bold and double-underlined):

The Cash Amount shall be payable to
the Tendering Partner on the Specified Redemption Date; provided, however, that the Partnership shall be entitled to offset against,
and deduct from, the Cash Amount that is payable to the Tendering Partner any amounts payable under or owed by the Tendering Partner
pursuant to any security deposit indemnity agreement between the Tendering Partner and the Partnership or any of its Affiliates;
and provided further, that the Partnership shall be entitled, in the General Partners sole discretion, to reduce the Cash Amount
by an administrative allocation amount of up to 1% of the Cash Amount.

For the avoidance of doubt, Section 8.6(a) as
amended above shall apply to any redemption of LP Units by the Limited Partner (and its successors and assigns) after the date hereof,
regardless of when any such LP Units were acquired, granted, or received.

Each party to this letter agreement represents
and warrants to each other party that (i) the representing party has duly authorized the execution, delivery, and performance of
this letter agreement; (ii) the terms of this letter agreement are binding upon, and enforceable against, the representing party,
subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws affecting creditors
rights and remedies generally and to general principles of equity; and (iii) the execution, delivery and performance of this letter
agreement by such representing party does not and will not violate any agreement or arrangement to which it is a party or by which it
may be bound, or any order or decree to which such party is subject.

Where there is any inconsistency between the
terms of this letter agreement, on the one hand, and the Partnership Agreement, or any other document or agreement relating to the Limited
Partners LP Units, on the other hand, the terms of this letter agreement shall prevail.

Exhibit B Page 1

This letter agreement will be binding upon, and
will inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by, the parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns.

This letter agreement may be executed in one
or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, and all of which together will constitute one instrument.

Each of the undersigned parties hereto acknowledge
and agree that this letter agreement and any subsequent amendment may be executed by electronic signature, which shall have the same
legal force and effect as a handwritten signature.

Exhibit B Page 2

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed
this letter agreement effective as of the date first written above.

Partnership:

OHI Healthcare Properties Limited Partnership

By: Omega Healthcare Investors, Inc.

Its: General Partner

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

General
Partner:

Omega Healthcare Investors, Inc.

By 

Name: 

Title: 

Limited
Partner:

Name: 

Exhibit B Page 3

EXHIBIT C

RELEASE AGREEMENT

RELEASE AGREEMENT

This Agreement (this Agreement)
is made this 3rd day of January, 2025, among Omega Healthcare Investors, Inc. (Parent), OHI Asset Management
LLC (Employer), and Daniel J. Booth (Employee).

Introduction

On January 2, 2025,
Employee ceased to be employed as an employee of the Company and an executive officer of Parent and the Company as provided in that certain
Transition and Release Agreement dated January 1, 2025 (the Transition and Release Agreement). Effective January 3,
2025, Employer, Parent and Employee entered into a Consulting Agreement (the Consulting Agreement).

The Transition and Release
Agreement requires that as a condition to Employees right to receive payments under Sections 2(a) through 2(c) thereunder
(the Transition Amounts) and as a condition to the effectiveness of the Consulting Agreement, Employee must execute
this Agreement.

NOW,
THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows:

1. Employee has been offered at least twenty-one
(21) days from receipt of this Agreement within which to consider this Agreement, and to
become effective this Agreement must be signed by Employee on (and not before or after) January 3,
2025, and returned to Employer on that same date. The effective date of this Agreement shall
be the date eight (8) days after the date on which Employee signs this Agreement
(the Effective Date). For a period of seven (7) days following
Employees execution of this Agreement, Employee may revoke this Agreement, and this
Agreement shall not become effective or enforceable until such seven (7) day period
has expired. Employee must communicate revocation of this Agreement in writing to the Employer
no later than seven (7) days following Employees execution of this Agreement.
Employees signing of the Agreement triggers the commencement of the seven (7) day
revocation period.

2. In exchange for Employees execution
of this Agreement and in full and complete settlement of any claims as specifically provided
in this Agreement, the Employer will provide Employee with the Transition Amounts in accordance
with and subject to the requirements of the Transition and Release Agreement.

3. Employee acknowledges and agrees that this
Agreement is in compliance with the Age Discrimination in Employment Act and the Older Workers
Benefit Protection Act and that the releases set forth in this Agreement shall be applicable,
without limitation, to any claims brought under these Acts.

The release given by Employee in this
Agreement is given solely in exchange for the consideration set forth in Section 2 of this Agreement and such consideration is in
addition to anything of value that Employee was entitled to receive prior to entering into this Agreement.

Exhibit C Page 1

Employee has been advised to consult
an attorney prior to entering into this Agreement, and this provision of the Agreement satisfies the requirement of the Older Workers
Benefit Protection Act that Employee be so advised in writing.

By entering into this Agreement, Employee
does not waive any rights or claims that may arise after the date this Agreement is executed.

4. This Agreement shall in no way be construed
as an admission by Employer or Parent that it has acted wrongfully with respect to Employee
or any other person or that Employee has any rights whatsoever against Employer or Parent.
Employer and Parent specifically disclaim any liability to or wrongful acts against Employee
or any other person on the part of themselves, their employees or their agents.

5. As a material inducement to Employer and Parent
to enter into this Agreement, Employee hereby irrevocably releases Employer and Parent and
each of the owners, stockholders, predecessors, successors, directors, officers, employees,
representatives, attorneys, affiliates (and agents, directors, officers, employees, representatives
and attorneys of such affiliates) of Employer and Parent and all persons acting by, through,
under or in concert with them (collectively, the Releasees), from any
and all charges, claims, liabilities, agreements, damages, causes of action, suits, costs,
losses, debts and expenses (including attorneys fees and costs actually incurred)
of any nature whatsoever, known or unknown, including, but not limited to, rights arising
out of alleged violations of any contracts, express or implied, any covenant of good faith
and fair dealing, express or implied, or any tort, or any legal restrictions on Employers
right to terminate employees, or any federal, state or other governmental statute, regulation,
or ordinance, including, without limitation: (1) Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of
1964, as amended by the Civil Rights Act of 1991 (race, color, religion, sex, and national
origin discrimination); (2) the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA);
(3) 42 U.S.C. 1981 (discrimination); (4) the Americans with Disabilities
Act (disability discrimination); (5) the Equal Pay Act; (6) the Age Discrimination
in Employment Act; (7) the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act; (6) Executive
Order 11246 (race, color, religion, sex, and national origin discrimination); (7) Executive
Order 11141 (age discrimination); (8) Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of
1973 (disability discrimination); (9) negligence; (10) negligent hiring and/or
negligent retention; (11) intentional or negligent infliction of emotional distress
or outrage; (12) defamation; (13) interference with employment; (14) wrongful
discharge; (15) invasion of privacy; or (16) violation of any other legal or contractual
duty arising under the laws of the State of Maryland or the laws of the United States (Claim
or Claims), which Employee now has, or claims to have, or which Employee
at any time heretofore had, or claimed to have, or which Employee at any time hereinafter
may have, or claim to have, against each or any of the Releasees, in each case as to acts
or omissions by each or any of the Releasees up to the time Employee signs this Agreement.

Exhibit C Page 2

6. The release in the preceding paragraph of this
Agreement does not apply to any rights, payments or benefits after the effective date of
the termination of this Agreement for (a) base salary pursuant to Section 2(a) of
the Employment Agreement accrued up to the effective date of termination, (b) any rights
to, amounts due under or vesting of any unvested and outstanding equity awards or grants
made by Parent or any of its Affiliates (as defined in the Employment Agreement)
to Employee, as specified according to the terms and conditions of such awards or grants
or pursuant to any plans or documents otherwise governing such awards or grants, as modified
by Section 2(c) of the Transition and Release Agreement, (c) pay for accrued
but unused vacation that Employer is legally obligated to pay Employee, if any, and only
if Employer is so obligated, (d) any rights as provided under the terms of any other
employee benefit and compensation agreements or plans applicable to Employee, (e) expenses
required to be reimbursed pursuant to Section 2(d) of the Employment Agreement,
(f) any rights Employee has under Section 2(h) of the Employment Agreement,
and (g) any rights the Employee may have (if any) to workers compensation benefits.

7. Employee promises that he will not make statements
disparaging to any of the Releasees other than truthful statements to any federal, state,
or local governmental agencies regarding an investigation by or proceeding before such agency
or a possible violation of law or regulation. Employee agrees not to make any statements
about any of the Releasees to the press (including without limitation any newspaper, magazine,
radio station or television station) or in any social or electronic media outlet without
the prior written consent of Employer. The obligations set forth in the two immediately preceding
sentences will expire two years after the Effective Date. Employee will also cooperate with
Employer and its affiliates if Employer requests Employees testimony. To the extent
practicable and within the control of Employer, Employer will use reasonable efforts to schedule
the timing of Employees participation in any such witness activities in a reasonable
manner to take into account Employees then current employment, and will pay the reasonable
documented out-of-pocket expenses that Employer pre-approves and that Employee incurs for
travel required by Employer with respect to those activities.

8. Except as set forth in this Section, Employee
agrees not to disclose the existence or terms of this Agreement to anyone. However, Employee
may disclose it to a member of his immediate family or legal or financial advisors if necessary
and on the condition that the family member or advisor similarly does not disclose these
terms to anyone. Employee understands that he will be responsible for any disclosure by a
family member or advisor as if he had disclosed it himself. This restriction does not prohibit
Employees disclosure of this Agreement or its terms to the extent necessary during
a legal action to enforce this Agreement or to the extent Employee is legally compelled to
make a disclosure. However, Employee will notify Employer promptly upon becoming aware of
that legal necessity and provide it with reasonable details of that legal necessity. Notwithstanding
any other provision hereof, Employee may disclose the existence and terms of this Agreement
directly to any federal, state, or local governmental agencies to the extent Employee is
communicating with such agency regarding an investigation by or proceeding before such agency
or a possible violation of law or regulation, and in the event of such communication, Employee
is not required to notify or seek approval or authorization from Employer of such communication.

9. Employee has not filed or caused to be filed
any lawsuit, complaint or charge with respect to any Claim he releases in this Agreement.
Employee promises never to file or pursue a lawsuit, complaint or charge based on any Claim
released by this Agreement, except that Employee may participate in an investigation or proceeding
conducted by an agency of the United States Government or of any state. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, Employee is not prohibited from filing a charge with the Equal Employment Opportunity
Commission but expressly waives his right to personal recovery as a result of such charge.
Employee also has not assigned or transferred any claim he is releasing, nor has he purported
to do so. Notwithstanding any other provision hereof, Employee is not prohibited from initiating
or participating in an investigation or proceeding conducted by any federal, state, or local
governmental agencies regarding a possible violation of law or regulation or, other than
in connection with a charge filed with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, recovering
a monetary award for initiating or participating in any such investigation or proceeding.

Exhibit C Page 3

10. Employer, Parent and Employee agree that the
terms of this Agreement shall be final and binding and that this Agreement shall be interpreted,
enforced and governed under the laws of the State of Maryland. The provisions of this Agreement
can be severed, and if any part of this Agreement is found to be unenforceable, the remainder
of this Agreement will continue to be valid and effective.

11. This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement
among Employer, Parent and Employee and fully supersedes any and all prior agreements or
understandings, written and/or oral, between Employer and Employee pertaining to the subject
matter of this Agreement.

12. Employee is solely responsible for the payment
of any fees incurred as the result of an attorney reviewing this agreement on behalf of Employee.
In any litigation concerning the validity or enforceability of this contract or in any litigation
to enforce the provisions of this contract, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover
reasonable attorneys fees and costs, including court costs and expert witness fees
and costs.

Employees signature below indicates Employees
understanding and agreement with all of the terms in this Agreement.

Employee should take this Agreement home and
carefully consider all of its provisions before signing it. Employee has been provided at least twenty-one (21) days to decide whether
Employee wants to accept and sign this Agreement. Also, if Employee signs this Agreement, Employee will then have an additional seven (7) days
in which to revoke Employees acceptance of this Agreement after Employee has signed it. This Agreement will not be effective
or enforceable, nor will any consideration be paid, until after the seven (7) day revocation period has expired. Again, Employee
is free and encouraged to discuss the contents and advisability of signing this Agreement with an attorney of Employees choosing.

Employee
should read carefully. This agreement includes a release of all known and unknown claims through the effective date. Employee is strongly
advised to consult with an attorney before executing this document.

Exhibit C Page 4

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Parent,
Employer and Employee have executed this Agreement effective as of the date first written above.

OMEGA HEALTHCARE INVESTORS, INC.

By: 

OHI ASSET MANAGEMENT LLC

By: 

EMPLOYEE

By: 

Date Signed

Exhibit C Page 5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm252000d1_ex10-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

Execution Version

CONSULTING AGREEMENT

This Consulting Agreement
(this Agreement) is entered to be effective as of January 3, 2025, by and between Omega Healthcare Investors, Inc.
(hereinafter Omega or the Company) and Daniel J. Booth (hereinafter Consultant).

RECITALS

WHEREAS,
until January 2, 2025, Consultant was an officer of Omega, as well as an officer and director of subsidiaries of Omega
(collectively, the Omega Companies);

WHEREAS,
Consultant has expertise in the area of Omegas business and is willing to provide consulting services to Omega as set
forth herein; and

WHEREAS,
Omega is willing and desires to engage Consultant as an independent contractor, during the Term (as defined below), on the
terms and conditions set forth herein.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and of the mutual promises set forth herein, and intending to be legally bound,
the parties hereto agree as follows:

AGREEMENT

1. Term; Termination; Rights
on Termination.

(a) This
Agreement will commence on January 3, 2025, and unless modified by the mutual written agreement of the parties, shall continue
until January 1, 2026 (the Term). This Agreement may be terminated at any time, with or without cause,
by either party with ten (10) days written notice to the other party. The effectiveness of this Agreement is contingent upon
Consultant signing on January 3, 2025, and returning on January 3, 2025 that certain Release Agreement and not revoking
the Release Agreement within the revocation period provided therein. 

(b) In
the event Omega terminates this Agreement during the Term, other than for Consultants willful failure or gross negligence
in performing the consulting services described on Schedule A hereof (the Services), Consultant shall
receive from Omega, the monthly Consulting Fee (defined below) then in effect for whatever time period is remaining under the Term.

Page 1

2. Compensation.

Consulting
Fee. In consideration of the Services that may be performed by Consultant, Omega agrees to pay Consultant $10,000 per
month during the Term as a retainer for Consultants services for Services of up to twenty (20) hours per month, subject to
the maximum number of hours of services to be provided as described in Section 3(b) below, with monthly payments being
made on or before the last business day of the month following provision of the Services during the Term of this Agreement (Consulting
Fee). Should Consultant exceed 20 hours per month in provision of the Services, the Chief Executive Officer and Consultant
shall mutually agree on any additional fee payable, if any. The Company may withhold from any amounts payable with respect to this
Agreement such federal, state, local and other taxes as may be required to be withheld, if any, pursuant to any applicable law or
regulation. As Consultant is not an employee of any of the Omega Companies, Consultant shall not be permitted to participate in any
benefit plans of any of the Omega Companies, except for any right he has to participate in group health plans pursuant to COBRA as
a result of a termination of employment. 

3. Terms
and Scope of Services.

(a) This
Agreement shall control and govern all work performed by Consultant. No subsequent variance from, amendment to or modification of
this Agreement shall be binding upon the Omega Companies unless it is in writing, expressly provides that it is intended as a variance,
amendment or modification and is executed by a fully authorized representative of the Omega Companies. 

(b) The
scope of services to be provided hereunder is set forth in Schedule A hereto and as further modified and amended under
subsequent written agreements between the parties. It is understood that the number of hours of services to be provided hereunder
per month are expected over the Term not to exceed twenty percent (20%) of the time worked by Consultant per month for
the Omega Companies averaged over the thirty-six month period before the first day of the Term. 

(c) All
travel and out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Consultant for the benefit of the Omega Companies and in the performance of this agreement
that are preapproved in advance by the Company, shall be reimbursed by the Company within ten (10) business days following presentation
of valid expense receipts. 

(d) All
payments to Consultant hereunder will be reported on Form 1099, and Consultant agrees to accept exclusive liability for the
payment of all taxes, contributions for unemployment insurance, old age and survivors insurance or annuities, which are based
on the fees and expense reimbursements paid to Consultant; and Consultant agrees to reimburse Omega for any of the aforesaid taxes
or contributions which by law Omega may be required to pay because of Consultants failure to pay the same. 

Page 2

(e) The
level of Consultants services under this Agreement is intended to result in a separation from service (as defined
under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code) occurring on January 2, 2025. Consultant acknowledges that the Company
makes no warranties as to any tax consequences regarding payment of the Consulting Fee, and Consultant shall solely be responsible
for payment of his own taxes. 

(f) Consultant,
as an independent contractor, shall personally perform the services rendered under this Agreement and may not subcontract or delegate
his duties to any other party. It is specifically understood and agreed that the manner and means of performing the services required
under this Agreement shall be at the sole discretion of the Consultant through use of his independent judgment. Subject to Section 3(b),
Consultant shall devote sufficient business time and efforts to the performance of services for the Company to complete the services
within the time frames for completion established by the Company. Consultant shall use Consultants best efforts in such endeavors.
Consultant shall also perform Consultants services with a level of care, skill, and diligence that a prudent professional
acting in a like capacity and familiar with such matters would use.

(g) 

Consultant shall have no authority to bind
the Omega Companies or any of its officers or employees to any agreement or to make managerial or Consultant decisions that are binding
on the Omega Companies. Consultant shall not be subject to the supervision, direction or control of the Omega Companies as to the
particular means or methods of performing his services. However, the Omega Companies shall retain the right to review and inspect
at any time any part of the work performed by Consultant to assure compliance with appropriate standards and specifications.

(h) Upon
request or when Consultants relationship with the Company terminates, Consultant will immediately deliver to the Company all
copies of any and all materials and writings received from, created for, or belonging to the Company including, but not limited to,
those which relate to or contain proprietary or confidential information, consistent with the requirements of the Intellectual Property
Agreement. 

4. Entire Agreement.
This Agreement contains the entire understanding and agreement between the parties hereto with respect to its subject matter and
supersedes any prior or contemporaneous written or oral agreements, representations or warranties between them respecting the subject
matter hereof, other than any Transition and Release Agreement entered into between Consultant and Omega.

5. Amendment.
This Agreement may be amended only by a writing signed by Consultant and by a duly authorized officer of Omega.

6. Remedy for Breach.
Should either Consultant or Omega resort to legal proceedings to enforce this Agreement, the prevailing party in such legal proceeding
shall be awarded, in addition to such other relief as may be granted, attorneys fees and costs incurred in connection with
such proceeding.

Page 3

7. Governing Law.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Maryland. The parties agree
that any appropriate state or federal court located in Baltimore, Maryland shall have jurisdiction of any case or controversy arising
under or in connection with this Agreement and shall be a proper forum in which to adjudicate such case or controversy. The parties
consent to the jurisdiction of such courts.

8. 

Duplicate.
This Agreement may be executed in duplicate originals and is not effective unless signed by both parties.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
Omega and Consultant have executed this Agreement effective as of the date first written above.

Consultant Omega
Healthcare Investors, Inc.

/s/ Daniel J. Booth By: 

/s/ C. Taylor Pickett

Name:
Daniel J. Booth Name: 

C. Taylor Pickett

Title: 

Chief Executive Officer

Page 4

SCHEDULE A

SCOPE OF SERVICES

Consultant shall render such transitional support
services and perform such individual projects as may be requested by the Chief Executive Officer of Omega from time to time during the
Term (the Services).

It is contemplated that the Consultant may not
be asked to perform any or all of the specified services above during the performance of this Agreement. At the same time, it is contemplated
that the Consultant may be asked to render and perform other valued consulting services to the Company.

All services rendered and performance thereof
shall be at the direction of the Chief Executive Officer of Omega.

Page 5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm252000d1_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

303 International Circle

Suite 200

Hunt Valley, MD 21030 P: 410.427.1700

F: 410.427.8800

PRESS RELEASE FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

OMEGA ANNOUNCES KEY LEADERSHIP CHANGES

HUNT
VALLEY, MARYLAND January 6, 2025 Omega Healthcare Investors, Inc. (NYSE:OHI) (the Company
or Omega) today announced key leadership changes. Matthew Gourmand, previously Senior Vice President, Corporate Strategy &
Investor Relations, has been appointed President, and Vikas Gupta, previously Senior Vice President, Acquisitions & Development,
has been appointed Chief Investment Officer. Separately, after 23 years as Chief Operating Officer, Dan Booth has stepped down from his
position and is expected to remain in a consulting role for a period of 12 months.

Taylor Pickett, Omegas Chief Executive
Officer, stated, The Company has been fortunate to enjoy a stable executive team for many years, while augmenting the long-standing
team with the next generation of leaders. The announcement today marks the next stage of the Companys long-term and continuous
succession planning process. Mr. Pickett continued, Having worked with Matthew and Vikas since they joined the team, I
believe their significant industry experience, strong business acumen, and exceptional work ethic will help drive the next stage of growth
at the company. Mr. Pickett concluded, Dan Booth has been an integral member of the Omega team for over 23 years. His
contributions to our success have been extensive, and, on behalf of the entire Company, I want to thank Dan for the critical role
he has played in shaping Omega.

* * * * * *

Omega
is a real estate investment trust that invests in the long-term healthcare industry, primarily in skilled nursing and assisted living
facilities. Its portfolio of assets is operated by a diverse group of healthcare companies, predominantly in a triple-net lease
structure. The assets span all regions within the US, as well as in the UK. More information on Omega is available at www.omegahealthcare.com.

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION, CONTACT

Andrew Dorsey, VP, Corporate Strategy &
Investor Relations, or

David Griffin, Director, Corporate Strategy &
Investor Relations, at (410) 427-1705
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ohi-20250101.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ohi-20250101_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ohi-20250101_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>tm252000d1_ex99-1img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 01, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 01, 2025

Entity File Number 1-11316

Entity Registrant Name OMEGA HEALTHCARE INVESTORS, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0000888491

Entity Tax Identification Number 38-3041398

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code MD

Entity Address, Address Line One 303 International Circle,

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 200

Entity Address, City or Town Hunt Valley

Entity Address, State or Province MD

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 21030

City Area Code 410

Local Phone Number 427-1700

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $.10 par value

Trading Symbol OHI

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://omegahealthcare.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ohi-20250101.xsd 
ohi-20250101_lab.xml 
ohi-20250101_pre.xml 
tm252000d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-001343-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>tm252000d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000888491 

2025-01-01 
2025-01-01 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0000888491 
8-K 
2025-01-01 
OMEGA HEALTHCARE INVESTORS, INC. 
MD 
1-11316 
38-3041398 
303 International Circle, 
Suite 200 
Hunt Valley 
MD 
21030 
410 
427-1700 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $.10 par value 
OHI 
NYSE
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>