<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001831631-25-000060.txt : 20250418
<SEC-HEADER>0001831631-25-000060.hdr.sgml : 20250418
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250418163507
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001831631-25-000060
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250415
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250418
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250418

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			loanDepot, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001831631
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FINANCE SERVICES [6199]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		EIN:				853948939
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40003
		FILM NUMBER:		25850709

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6561 IRVINE CENTER DRIVE
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92618
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(949) 434-5964

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6561 IRVINE CENTER DRIVE
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92618
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ldi-20250415.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?ldi-20250415

FALSE000183163100018316312025-04-152025-04-15

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

_____________________

FORM 8-K

_____________________

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (or date of earliest event reported): April 15, 2025

_____________________

loanDepot, Inc.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

_____________________

Delaware 001-40003 85-3948939

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification Number)

6561 Irvine Center Drive

Irvine, California92618

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (888)337-6888

_____________________

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Class A Common Stock, $0.001 Par Value LDI New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On April 15, 2025, loanDepot.com, LLC (the Company), a Delaware limited liability company and an indirect subsidiary of loanDepot, Inc., as seller, entered into Amendment No. 5 (Amendment 5) to the Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of August 11, 2021 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the MRA), with UBS AG, by and through its branch office at 1285 Avenue of Americas, New York, New York, as buyer (UBS) pursuant to which the Company may sell to, and later repurchase from, UBS certain residential mortgage loans. The primary purpose of Amendment 5, and certain ancillary agreements is to extend the Termination Date until April 14, 2026.

The foregoing description of Amendment 5 does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of Amendment 5, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

10.1# 

Amendment No. 5 to the Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement, dated April 15, 2025, between UBS AG, by and through its branch office as 1285 Avenue of Americas, New York, New York and loanDepot.com, LLC.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

# Confidential information has been omitted because it is both (i) not material and (ii) is the type of information that the Company treats as private or confidential pursuant to Item 601 of Regulation S-K.

SIGNATURE 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

loanDepot, Inc.

By: /s/ David Hayes 

Name: David Hayes

Title: Chief Financial Officer

Date: April 18, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>exhibit101ubsmraamendment5.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 10.1

Certain confidential information contained in this document, marked by [***], has been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K because it is both (i) not material and (ii) is the type of information that the Company treats as private or confidential. Schedules (or similar attachments) have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K.

EXECUTION

AMENDMENT NO. 5

TO AMENDED AND RESTATED MASTER REPURCHASE AGREEMENT

Amendment No. 5 to Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of April 15, 2025 (this Amendment), between UBS AG, by and through its branch office at 1285 Avenue of the Americas, New York, New York (the Buyer) and loanDepot.com, LLC (the Seller).

RECITALS

The Buyer and Seller are parties to that certain (a) Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of August 11, 2021 (as amended by Amendment No. 1, dated as of April 19, 2022, Amendment No. 2, dated as of July 28, 2022, Amendment No. 3, dated as of June 29, 2023 and Amendment No. 4, dated as of April 16, 2024, the Existing Repurchase Agreement; and as further amended by this Amendment, the Repurchase Agreement) and (b) Pricing Letter, dated as of August 11, 2021 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Pricing Letter). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Existing Repurchase Agreement and Pricing Letter, as applicable.

Accordingly, the Buyer and Seller hereby agree, in consideration of the mutual promises and mutual obligations set forth herein, that the Existing Repurchase Agreement is hereby amended as follows:

SECTION 1.AMENDMENT TO EXISTING REPURCHASE AGREEMENT. EFFECTIVE AS OF THE DATE HEREOF (THE AMENDMENT EFFECTIVE DATE), THE EXISTING REPURCHASE AGREEMENT IS HEREBY AMENDED TO DELETE THE STRICKEN TEXT (INDICATED TEXTUALLY IN THE SAME MANNER AS THE FOLLOWING EXAMPLE: STRICKEN TEXT) AND TO ADD THE DOUBLE-UNDERLINED TEXT (INDICATED TEXTUALLY IN THE SAME MANNER AS THE FOLLOWING EXAMPLE: DOUBLE-UNDERLINED TEXT) AS SET FORTH IN EXHIBIT A HERETO. THE PARTIES HERETO FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT EXHIBIT A CONSTITUTES THE REPURCHASE AGREEMENT AS AMENDED AND MODIFIED BY THE TERMS SET FORTH HEREIN.

Delivered Documents. On the Amendment Effective Date, the Buyer shall have received the following documents, each of which shall be satisfactory to the Buyer in form and substance:

(a)this Amendment, executed and delivered by duly authorized officers of the Buyer and Seller; 

1

LEGAL02/45709326v2

(b)Amendment No. 14 to Pricing Letter, dated as of the date hereof, executed and delivered by Buyer and Seller; and

(c)such other documents as the Buyer or counsel to the Buyer may reasonably request.

SECTION 1.Ratification of Agreement. As amended by this Amendment, the Existing Repurchase Agreement is in all respects ratified and confirmed and the Existing Repurchase Agreement as so modified by this Amendment shall be read, taken, and construed as one and the same instrument.

SECTION 2.Representations and Warranties. Seller hereby represents and warrants to the Buyer that it is in compliance with all the terms and provisions set forth in the Repurchase Agreement on its part to be observed or performed, and that no Default or Event of Default has occurred or is continuing, and hereby confirms and reaffirms the representations and warranties contained in Section 10 of the Repurchase Agreement. Seller hereby represents and warrants that this Amendment has been duly and validly executed and delivered by it, and constitutes its legal, valid and binding obligation, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms.

SECTION 3.Limited Effect. Except as expressly amended and modified by this Amendment, the Existing Repurchase Agreement shall continue to be, and shall remain, in full force and effect in accordance with its terms. 

SECTION 4.Severability. Each provision and agreement herein shall be treated as separate and independent from any other provision or agreement herein and shall be enforceable notwithstanding the unenforceability of any such other provision or agreement.

SECTION 5.Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument, and any of the parties hereto may execute this Amendment by signing any such counterpart. The parties agree that this Amendment, any documents to be delivered pursuant to this Amendment and any notices hereunder may be transmitted between them by email and/or by facsimile. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment in Portable Document Format (PDF) or by facsimile shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed original counterpart of this Amendment. The original documents shall be promptly delivered, if requested. The parties agree that this Amendment, any addendum or amendment hereto or any other document necessary for the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Amendment may be accepted, executed or agreed to through the use of an electronic signature in accordance with the E-Sign, UETA and any applicable state law. Any document accepted, executed or agreed to in conformity with such laws will be binding on all parties hereto to the same extent as if it were physically executed and each party hereby consents to the use of any secure third party electronic signature 

2

LEGAL02/45709326v2

capture service providers with appropriate document access tracking, electronic signature tracking and document retention as may be approved by the Buyer in its sole discretion.

SECTION 6.Binding Effect. This Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns.

SECTION 7.GOVERNING LAW. THIS AMENDMENT AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS AMENDMENT, THE RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES TO THIS AMENDMENT, AND/OR THE INTERPRETATION AND ENFORCEMENT OF THE RIGHTS AND DUTIES OF THE PARTIES TO THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL LAWS AND DECISIONS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CHOICE OF LAW RULES THEREOF. THE PARTIES HERETO INTEND THAT THE PROVISIONS OF SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW SHALL APPLY TO THIS AMENDMENT. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY, THE EFFECTIVENESS, VALIDITY AND ENFORCEABILITY OF ELECTRONIC CONTRACTS, OTHER RECORDS, ELECTRONIC RECORDS AND ELECTRONIC SIGNATURES USED IN CONNECTION WITH ANY ELECTRONIC TRANSACTION BETWEEN BUYER AND SELLER SHALL BE GOVERNED BY E-SIGN.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

3

LEGAL02/45709326v2

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused their names to be signed hereto by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized as of the day and year first above written.

UBS AG, BY AND THROUGH ITS BRANCH OFFICE AT 1285 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS, NEW YORK, NEW YORK, as Buyer

By: /s/Kathleen Donovan

Name: Kathleen Donovan

Title: Managing Director

By: /s/ Chi Ma

Name: Chi Ma

Title: Executive Director

LOANDEPOT.COM, LLC, as Seller

By: /s/ David Hayes

Name: David Hayes

Title: CFO

EXHIBIT A

REPURCHASE AGREEMENT

(see attached)

LEGAL02/45709326v2

CONFORMED COPY THOUGH AMENDMENT NO. 45

AMENDED AND RESTATED MASTER REPURCHASE AGREEMENT

Between:

UBS AG, BY AND THROUGH ITS BRANCH OFFICE AT 1285 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS, NEW YORK, NEW YORK, as Buyer

and

LOANDEPOT.COM, LLC, as Seller

Dated as of August 11, 2021

LEGAL02/45709332v2

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

SECTION 2.DEFINITIONS 1

SECTION 3.INITIATION; TERMINATION 28

SECTION 4.MARGIN AMOUNT MAINTENANCE 33

SECTION 5.COLLECTIONS; INCOME PAYMENTS 34

SECTION 6.REQUIREMENT OF LAW 35

SECTION 7.TAXES. 36

SECTION 8.SECURITY INTEREST; BUYERS APPOINTMENT AS ATTORNEY-IN-FACT 40

SECTION 9.PAYMENT, TRANSFER; ACCOUNTS 41

SECTION 10.REPRESENTATIONS 45

SECTION 11.COVENANTS 50

SECTION 12.EVENTS OF DEFAULT 57

SECTION 13.REMEDIES 59

SECTION 14.INDEMNIFICATION AND EXPENSES; RECOURSE 62

SECTION 15.SERVICING 63

SECTION 16.DUE DILIGENCE 65

SECTION 17.ASSIGNABILITY 65

SECTION 18.TRANSFER AND MAINTENANCE OF REGISTER. 66

SECTION 19.HYPOTHECATION OR PLEDGE OF PURCHASED ASSETS 67

i

LEGAL02/45709332v2

SECTION 20.TAX TREATMENT 67

SECTION 21.SET-OFF 67

SECTION 22.TERMINABILITY 68

SECTION 23.NOTICES AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS 68

SECTION 24.USE OF THE WAREHOUSE ELECTRONIC SYSTEM AND OTHER ELECTRONIC MEDIA 69

SECTION 25.ENTIRE AGREEMENT; SEVERABILITY; SINGLE AGREEMENT 71

SECTION 26.GOVERNING LAW 72

SECTION 27.SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION; WAIVERS 72

SECTION 28.NO WAIVERS, ETC. 73

SECTION 29.NETTING 73

SECTION 30.CONFIDENTIALITY 73

SECTION 31.INTENT 74

SECTION 32.DISCLOSURE RELATING TO CERTAIN FEDERAL PROTECTIONS 75

SECTION 33.CONFLICTS 75

SECTION 34.MISCELLANEOUS 76

SECTION 35.GENERAL INTERPRETIVE PRINCIPLES 77

SECTION 36.AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT 77

ii

LEGAL02/45709332v2

SCHEDULES AND EXHIBITS

SCHEDULE 1 Representations and Warranties

SCHEDULE 2 Responsible Officers

SCHEDULE 3 Scheduled Indebtedness

SCHEDULE 4 List of Agency Approvals

EXHIBIT A Reserved

EXHIBIT B Form of Sellers Officers Certificate

EXHIBIT C Form of Servicer Notice 

EXHIBIT D Form of Trade Assignment 

EXHIBIT E Form of Power of Attorney

EXHIBIT F Form of Tax Compliance Certificate

EXHIBIT G Reserved

EXHIBIT H Form of Buydown Application Request

iii

LEGAL02/45709332v2

AMENDED AND RESTATED MASTER REPURCHASE AGREEMENT

This is an AMENDED AND RESTATED MASTER REPURCHASE AGREEMENT (the Agreement), dated as of August 11, 2021, between LOANDEPOT.COM, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Seller) and UBS AG, BY AND THROUGH ITS BRANCH OFFICE AT 1285 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS, NEW YORK, NEW YORK (the Buyer).

The Buyer and the Seller previously entered into a Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of June 1, 2015 (as amended, the Existing Repurchase Agreement);

The parties hereto have requested that the Existing Repurchase Agreement be amended and restated, in its entirety, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein; 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements contained herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

SECTION 1.APPLICABILITY

From time to time the parties hereto may continue to enter into transactions in which Seller agrees to transfer to Buyer Mortgage Loans on a servicing released basis against the transfer of funds by Buyer, with a simultaneous agreement by Buyer to transfer to Seller such Mortgage Loans on a servicing released basis or Agency Securities backed by such Mortgage Loans on the Repurchase Date, against the transfer of funds by Seller. Each such transaction shall be referred to herein as a Transaction and shall be governed by this Agreement (including any supplemental terms or conditions contained in any annexes identified herein, as applicable hereunder), unless otherwise agreed in writing. This Agreement is not a commitment by Buyer to enter into Transactions with Seller or remit additional Purchase Price to Seller but rather sets forth the procedures to be used in connection with periodic requests for Buyer to enter into Transactions with Seller. Seller hereby acknowledges that Buyer is under no obligation to agree to enter into, or to enter into, any Transaction pursuant to this Agreement. Any commitment to enter into Transactions shall be set forth in the Pricing Letter, and shall be subject to satisfaction of all terms and conditions of this Agreement.

The Pricing Letter is one of the Program Documents as defined below. The Pricing Letter is incorporated by reference into this Agreement and Seller agrees to adhere to all terms, conditions and requirements of the Pricing Letter as incorporated herein. In the event of a conflict or inconsistency between this Agreement and the Pricing Letter, the terms of the Pricing Letter shall govern.

SECTION 2.DEFINITIONS

As used herein, the defined terms set forth below shall have the meanings set forth herein. Additionally, as used herein, the following terms shall have the meanings defined in the Uniform Commercial Code: accounts, chattel paper (including electronic chattel paper), goods (including inventory and equipment and any accessions thereto), instruments (including 

LEGAL02/45709332v2

promissory notes), documents, investment property, general intangibles (including payment intangibles and software), and supporting obligations, products and proceeds.

1934 Act shall have the meaning set forth in Section 32 of this Agreement.

Ability to Repay Rule shall mean 12 CFR 1026.43(c), including all applicable official staff commentary.

Accepted Servicing Practices shall mean, with respect to any Mortgage Loan, those mortgage servicing practices of prudent mortgage lending institutions which service mortgage loans of the same type as such Mortgage Loan in the jurisdiction where the related Mortgaged Property is located.

Affiliate shall mean with respect to any specified entity, any other entity controlling or controlled by or under common control with such specified entity. For the purposes of this definition, control when used with respect to a specified entity means the power to direct the management and policies of such entity, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise, and the terms controlling and controlled having meanings correlative to the foregoing. For removal of doubt none of (a) MTH Mortgage, LLC, MSC Mortgage, LLC, TRI Pointe Connect, LLC, Day One Mortgage, LLC, Farm Bureau Mortgage, LLC, LGI Mortgage Solutions LLC, Henlopen Mortgage, LLC, BRP Home Mortgage, LLC, CUSA Affordable Housing, LLC, Commercial Agency USA, LLC, (b) any Permitted Holder or (c) any joint venture formed by Seller or the Permitted Holders after the date hereof which (i) Seller holds a non-controlling interest and (ii) whose financial performance has no material impact on Sellers financial performance; in all cases shall be considered an Affiliate for purposes of this Agreement or any other Program Document. 

Agency shall mean Freddie Mac, Fannie Mae or Ginnie Mae, as applicable.

Agency Approval shall mean the approvals of Seller from the relevant Agencies as set forth on Schedule 4 hereof. 

Agency High LTV Mortgage Loan shall mean a Mortgage Loan, which is secured by a first lien, and such Mortgage Loan (a) conforms to the requirements of an Agency for securitization or cash purchase and (b) has a LTV in excess of the amounts for Conforming Mortgage Loans but otherwise meets the requirements of the High LTV Refinance Option program implemented by Fannie Mae or the Enhanced Relief Refinance program implemented by Freddie Mac, as applicable. 

Agency-Required eNote Legend shall mean the legend or paragraph required by Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac, as applicable, to be set forth in the text of an eNote, which includes the provisions set forth on Exhibit I to the Custodial Agreement, as may be amended from time to time by Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac, as applicable. 

Agency Security shall mean a security issued in exchange for Purchased Mortgage Loans and backed by such Purchased Mortgage Loans that is (a) guaranteed by Ginnie Mae or (b) issued by Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac.

Agency Security Issuance Failure shall mean the failure of an Agency to cause the Delivery of an Agency Security in accordance with a Takeout Commitment.

Aging Limit shall have the meaning specified in the Pricing Letter.

2

LEGAL02/45709332v2

Agreement shall mean this Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement between Buyer and Seller, dated as of the date hereof, as the same may be further amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

ALTAshall mean American Land Title Association, or any successor thereto.

Annual Financial Statement Date shall have the meaning set forth in the Pricing Letter. 

Anti-Corruption Laws shall mean all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to Seller or any of its Subsidiaries from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption.

Anti-Money Laundering Laws shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10(x) of this Agreement.

Application shall mean the application delivered by Seller to Buyer in connection with Buyers approval of Seller for the program evidenced by this Agreement and any renewal thereof. 

Appraisal shall mean an appraisal meeting the requirements of the representations and warranties set forth in paragraph (oo) on Schedule 1 hereto.

Appraised Value shall mean (i) the value set forth in an Appraisal made in connection with the origination of the related Mortgage Loan as the value of the Mortgaged Property or (ii) in the case of property inspection waiver Mortgage Loans, the value accepted by Fannie Mae or Freddie Macs automated underwriting system as the value of the Mortgaged Property.

Appropriate Federal Banking Agency shall have the meaning ascribed to it by Section 1813(q) of Title 12 of the United States Code, as amended from time to time.

Approved CPA shall mean a certified public accountant approved by Buyer in writing in its sole discretion.

Approved Investor shall mean any institution which has made a Takeout Commitment and has been approved by Buyer and not subsequently disapproved by Buyer.

Approved Mortgage Product shall mean each Mortgage Product approved by Buyer as identified in the Pricing Letter. Notwithstanding any reference to a Mortgage Product herein, such Mortgage Product shall not be an Approved Mortgage Product unless expressly identified as such in the Pricing Letter.

Approved Underwriting Guidelines shall mean the underwriting guidelines approved by Buyer in its sole good faith discretion.

Asset Value shall, with respect to each Eligible Mortgage Loan or Agency Security, as of any date of determination, have the meaning specified under the heading Asset Value on Schedule 1 to the Pricing Letter subject to modification pursuant to the terms below. Where a Purchased Asset may qualify for two or more Asset Values hereunder, unless otherwise expressly agreed to by the Buyer in writing, such Purchased Asset shall be assigned the lower Asset Value. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Seller acknowledges that:

3

LEGAL02/45709332v2

(a)the Asset Value of a Purchased Asset may be reduced to zero by Buyer if:

[***] 

Assignment and Acceptance shall have the meaning set forth in Section 17 of this Agreement.

Assignment of Mortgage shall mean an assignment of the Mortgage, notice of transfer or equivalent instrument in recordable form, sufficient under the laws of the jurisdiction wherein the related Mortgaged Property is located to reflect the sale of the Mortgage.

Assignment of Proprietary Lease shall mean the specific agreement creating a first lien on and pledge of the Co-op Shares and the appurtenant Proprietary Lease securing a Co-op Loan.

Authoritative Copy shall mean, with respect to an eNote, the unique copy of such eNote that is within the Control of the Controller.

Bailee Letter shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Custodial Agreement.

Bankruptcy Code shall mean the United States Bankruptcy Code of 1978, as amended from time to time.

Benchmark shall have the meaning specified in the Pricing Letter. 

Beneficial Ownership Certification shall mean a certification regarding beneficial ownership meeting the requirements of the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 

Beneficial Ownership Regulation shall mean 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 

Beneficial Tax Owners shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(e)(v) of this Agreement.

Business Day shall mean a day other than (a) a Saturday or Sunday or (b) any day on which banking institutions are authorized or required by law, executive order or governmental decree to be closed in the State of New York or the State of California.

Buydown Amount shall mean amounts held in the Operating Account to the extent not applied to Obligations under this Agreement.

Buydown Application Request shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9(f) of this Agreement. 

Buydown Availability shall mean that portion of the Buydown Amount in excess of the Minimum Balance Requirement. 

Buydown Determination Date shall mean the Friday of each calendar week; provided that if such day is not a Business Day, the preceding Business Day. 

Buydown Determination Period shall mean [***] 

4

LEGAL02/45709332v2

Buydown Utilization Threshold shall mean, [***]. 

Buyer shall mean UBS AG, by and through its branch office at 1285 Avenue of the Americas, New York, New York, its successors in interest and assigns pursuant to Section 17 and, with respect to Section 7, its participants. 

Capitalized Mortgage Servicing Rights shall have the meaning specified in the Pricing Letter.

Change in Control shall mean: 

(b)any event or series of events by which any person or group (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act), but excluding any employee benefit plan of such person or its Subsidiaries, and any person or entity acting in its capacity as trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan), other than the Permitted Holders becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of 51% or more of the equity securities of loanDepot, Inc., a Delaware corporation, entitled to vote for members of the board of directors or equivalent governing body of Seller on a fully-diluted basis; or

(c)the sale, transfer, or other disposition of all or substantially all of Sellers assets (excluding any such action taken in connection with any securitization transaction) to a Person that is not a Subsidiary or an Affiliate of Seller; or

(d)there is a change in the majority of the board of directors of Seller during any twelve month period; or 

(e)if such Person is a Delaware limited liability company, such Person enters into any transaction or series of transactions to adopt, file, effect or consummate a Division, or otherwise permits any such Division to be adopted, filed, effected or consummated.

Closing Protection Letter shall mean a letter of indemnification from a title insurer addressed to Seller and/or Buyer or for which Buyer is a third party beneficiary, with coverage that is customarily acceptable to Persons engaged in the origination of mortgage loans, identifying the Settlement Agent covered thereby and indemnifying Seller and/or Buyer (directly or as a third party beneficiary) against losses incurred due to malfeasance or fraud by the Settlement Agent or the failure of the Settlement Agent to follow the specific escrow instructions specified by Seller to the Settlement Agent or otherwise by Buyer with respect to the closing of the Mortgage Loan. The Closing Protection Letter shall be either with respect to the individual Mortgage Loan being purchased pursuant hereto or a blanket Closing Protection Letter which covers closings conducted by the Settlement Agent in the jurisdiction in which the closing of such Mortgage Loan takes place. 

CLTA shall mean California Land Title Association, or any successor thereto.

CME Term SOFR Administrator shall have the meaning specified in the Pricing Letter.

Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time.

5

LEGAL02/45709332v2

Concentration Limit shall have the meaning specified in the Pricing Letter.

Conditions Precedent Trigger shall have the meaning set forth in the Pricing Letter. 

Confidential Information shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11(u) of this Agreement.

Confidential Terms shall have the meaning set forth in Section 30 of this Agreement.

Confirmation shall mean an electronic confirmation of a Transaction delivered by Buyer to Seller in accordance with Section 3(c)(v) of this Agreement.

Conforming Mortgage Loan shall mean a Mortgage Loan, which is secured by a first lien, such Mortgage Loan (a) conforms to the requirements of an Agency for securitization or cash purchase and has (i) a minimum FICO score of [***], (ii) a DTI not more than [***]% and (iii) a LTV not greater than [***]% or (b) is eligible to be insured by FHA, guaranteed by VA or guaranteed by RD (excluding any Mortgage Loan which exceeds Agency guidelines for maximum general conventional loan amount) and (i) has a minimum FICO score of [***]; (ii) has a DTI not more than [***]% and (iii) has a LTV not greater than [***]%.

Control shall mean, with respect to an eNote, the control of such eNote within the meaning of UETA and/or, as applicable, E-Sign, which is established by reference to the MERS eRegistry and any party designated therein as the Controller.

Control Failure shall mean, with respect to an eNote, (i) if the Controller status of the eNote shall not have been transferred to Buyer, (ii) Buyer shall otherwise not be designated as the Controller of such eNote in the MERS eRegistry (other than pursuant to a Bailee Letter), (iii) if the eVault shall have released the Authoritative Copy of an eNote in contravention of the requirements of the Custodial Agreement, or (iv) if the Custodian initiated any changes on the MERS eRegistry in contravention of the terms of the Custodial Agreement.

Controller shall mean, with respect to an eNote, the party designated in the MERS eRegistry as the Controller, and who in such capacity shall be deemed to be in control or to be the controller of such eNote within the meaning of UETA or E-Sign, as applicable.

Co-op Corporation shall mean, with respect to any Co-op Loan, the cooperative apartment corporation that holds legal title to the related Co-op Project and grants occupancy rights to units therein to stockholders through Proprietary Leases or similar arrangements.

Co-op Loan shall mean a Mortgage Loan secured by the pledge of stock allocated to a Co-op Unit in a Co-op Corporation and collateral assignment of the related Proprietary Lease.

Co-op Project shall mean, with respect to any Co-op Loan, all real property and improvements thereto and rights therein and thereto owned by a Co-op Corporation including without limitation the land, separate dwelling units and all common elements.

Co-op Shares shall mean, with respect to any Co-op Loan, the shares of stock issued by a Co-op Corporation and allocated to a Co-op Unit and represented by a Stock Certificate.

6

LEGAL02/45709332v2

Co-op Unit shall mean, with respect to any Co-op Loan, a specific unit in a Co-op Project.

Correspondent Mortgage Loan shall mean a Mortgage Loan originated by a third party originator and acquired by Seller in accordance with Sellers correspondent Mortgage Loan program.

Costs shall have the meaning set forth in Section 14(a) of this Agreement.

Credit File shall mean with respect to each Mortgage Loan, the documents and instruments relating to the origination and administration of such Mortgage Loan.

Custodial Account shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(b) of this Agreement. 

Custodial Agreement shall mean that certain Amended and Restated Custodial Agreement dated as of July 8, 2020, among Seller, Buyer and Custodian as the same may be amended from time to time.

Custodial Loan Transmission shall have the meaning set forth in the Custodial Agreement.

Custodian shall mean Deutsche Bank National Trust Company, or any successor thereto under the Custodial Agreement.

DE Compare Ratio shall mean the Two Year FHA Direct Endorsement Lender Compare Ratio, excluding streamline FHA refinancings, as made publicly available by HUD. 

Default shall mean an Event of Default or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become an Event of Default.

Defaulting Party shall have the meaning set forth in Section 29 of this Agreement.

Defective Mortgage Loan shall mean a Mortgage Loan (a) which is in foreclosure, has been foreclosed upon or has been converted to real estate owned property, (b) for which the Mortgagor is in bankruptcy, (c) that is not subject to a valid and binding Takeout Commitment, (d) that is subject to a Takeout Commitment with respect to which Seller or Approved Investor is in default, (e) that is rejected or excluded for any reason from the related Takeout Commitment by the Approved Investor, (f) that is not purchased by the Approved Investor in compliance with the Takeout Commitment at or prior to the expiration or termination of the Takeout Commitment for any reason, or (g) that is not repurchased by Seller in compliance with the provisions of Section 3(e).

Delegatee shall mean, with respect to an eNote, the party designated in the MERS eRegistry as the Delegatee or Delegatee for Transfers, who in such capacity is authorized by the Controller to perform certain MERS eRegistry transactions on behalf of the Controller such as Transfers of Control and Transfers of Control and Location.

Delinquent Mortgage Loan shall mean any Mortgage Loan as to which any Monthly Payment, or part thereof, remains unpaid for thirty (30) days or more (using the MBA delinquency calculation method) following the original Due Date for such Monthly Payment. 

7

LEGAL02/45709332v2

Delivery shall mean (a) with respect to any Agency Security permitted to be issued by Ginnie Mae, when Buyer is registered as the registered owner of such Agency Security on Ginnie Mae's central registry and (b) with respect to any Agency Security issued by Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac, the later to occur of (i) the issuance of such Agency Security and (ii) the transfer of all of the right, title and ownership interest in such Agency Security to Buyer or its designee. An Agency Security shall be deemed to be Delivered upon Delivery in accordance herewith.

Depository shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9(d) of this Agreement.

Division shall mean the division of a limited liability company into two or more limited liability companies pursuant to and in accordance with Section 18-217 of Chapter 18 of the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act, 6 Del. C. 18-101 et seq., as amended. 

Dollars and $ shall mean lawful money of the United States of America.

DTI shall mean with respect to any Mortgagor, the ratio of the Mortgagors average monthly debt obligations to the Mortgagors average monthly gross income.

Due Date shall mean the day of the month on which the Monthly Payment is due on a Mortgage Loan, exclusive of any days of grace.

E-Sign shall mean the federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, as amended from time to time. 

Effective Date shall mean the date upon which the conditions precedent set forth in Section 3(a) shall have been satisfied.

Electronic Agent shall mean MERSCORP Holdings, Inc., or its successor in interest or assigns.

Electronic Record shall mean, as the context requires, (i) Record and Electronic Record, both as defined in E-Sign, and shall include but not be limited to, recorded telephone conversations, fax copies or electronic transmissions, including without limitation, those involving the Warehouse Electronic System, and (ii) with respect to an eMortgage Loan, the related eNote and all other documents comprising the Mortgage File electronically created and that are stored in an electronic format, if any. 

Electronic Signature shall have the meaning set forth in E-Sign. 

Electronic Tracking Agreement shall mean one or more Electronic Tracking Agreements with respect to (x) the tracking of changes in the ownership, mortgage servicers and servicing rights ownership of Purchased Mortgage Loans held on the MERS System, and (y) the tracking of the Control of eNotes held on the MERS eRegistry, each in a form acceptable to Buyer.

Electronic Transactions shall mean transactions conducted using Electronic Records and/or Electronic Signatures or fax copies of signatures.

Eligible Mortgage Loan shall mean a Purchased Asset that is a Purchased Mortgage Loan which (a) is an Approved Mortgage Product (unless otherwise approved by Buyer), (b) complies with the representations and warranties set forth on Schedule 1 hereto (assuming that they are made as of each date of determination) (unless otherwise approved by Buyer), (c) is not a Defective Mortgage Loan and (d) is not a Delinquent Mortgage Loan.

8

LEGAL02/45709332v2

eMortgage Loan shall mean a Mortgage Loan that is a Conforming Mortgage Loan (other than an FHA Loan, VA Loan or RD Loan) with respect to which there is an eNote and as to which some or all of the other documents comprising the related Mortgage File may be created electronically and not by traditional paper documentation with a pen and ink signature. 

eNote shall mean, with respect to any eMortgage Loan, the electronically created and stored Mortgage Note that is a Transferable Record.

eNote Delivery Requirement shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(c)(ii) of this Agreement.

eNote Replacement Failure shall have the meaning set forth in the Custodial Agreement.

ERISA shall, with respect to any Person, mean the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time and any successor thereto, and the regulations promulgated and administrative rulings issued thereunder.

ERISA Affiliate shall, with respect to any Person, mean any Person which is treated as a single employer under Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code, or solely for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the Code is treated as a single employer described in Section 414 of the Code.

Escrow Payments shall mean, with respect to any Mortgage Loan, the amounts required to be escrowed by the Mortgagor with the mortgagee pursuant to the Mortgage or any other document. 

eVault shall mean an electronic repository established and maintained by an eVault Provider for delivery and storage of eNotes.

eVault Provider shall mean Document Systems, Inc. d/b/a DocMagic, or its successor in interest or assigns, or such other entity agreed upon by Custodian and Buyer. 

Event of Default shall have the meaning set forth in Section 12 of this Agreement.

Excess Proceeds shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(e) of this Agreement.

Excluded Taxes shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(e) of this Agreement.

Expenses shall mean all present and future expenses incurred by or on behalf of Buyer in connection with this Agreement or any of the other Program Documents and any amendment, supplement or other modification or waiver related hereto or thereto, whether incurred heretofore or hereafter, which expenses shall include the cost of title, lien, judgment and other record searches; reasonable attorneys fees; and costs of preparing and recording any UCC financing statements or other filings necessary to perfect the security interest created hereby.

Fannie Mae shall mean the Federal National Mortgage Association, or any successor thereto.

FATCA shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(a) of this Agreement.

9

LEGAL02/45709332v2

FDIA shall have the meaning set forth in Section 31(d) of this Agreement.

FDICIA shall have the meaning set forth in Section 31(e) of this Agreement.

FHA shall mean the Federal Housing Administration, an agency within the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development, or any successor thereto, and including the Federal Housing Commissioner and the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development where appropriate under the FHA Regulations.

FHA Loan shall mean a Mortgage Loan which is the subject of an FHA Mortgage Insurance Certificate.

FHA Mortgage Insurance Certificate shall mean the certificate evidencing the contractual obligation of the FHA respecting the insurance of a Mortgage Loan.

FHA Regulations shall mean the regulations promulgated by the Department of Housing and Urban Development under the National Housing Act, as amended from time to time and codified in 24 Code of Federal Regulations, and other Department of Housing and Urban Development issuances relating to FHA Loans, including the related handbooks, circulars, notices and mortgagee letters.

FHA, VA and RD Streamlined Mortgage Loan shall mean a refinance Mortgage Loan available to Mortgagors with existing FHA Loans, VA Loans and RD Loans and such Mortgage Loan is the subject of an FHA Mortgage Insurance Certificate, VA Loan Guaranty Agreement or RD Loan Guaranty Agreement, as applicable. 

FICO shall mean Fair Isaac & Co., or any successor thereto.

Fidelity Insurance shall mean insurance coverage with respect to employee errors, omissions, dishonesty, forgery, theft, disappearance and destruction, robbery and safe burglary, property (other than money and securities) and computer fraud in an aggregate amount acceptable to Buyer.

Financial Condition Covenants shall mean the financial covenants of the Financial Reporting Party as set forth in Section 4 of the Pricing Letter.

Financial Reporting Party shall have the meaning specified in the Pricing Letter.

Financial Statements shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11(d) of this Agreement. 

Freddie Mac shall mean Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, or any successor thereto.

GAAP shall mean generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America, applied on a consistent basis and applied to both classification of items and amounts, and shall include, without limitation, the official interpretations thereof by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, its predecessors and successors.

Ginnie Mae shall mean the Government National Mortgage Association, or any successor thereto.

10

LEGAL02/45709332v2

Ginnie Mae Modified Loan shall mean an FHA Loan, VA Loan or RD Loan that (i) is modified in accordance with the Ginnie Mae guide, (ii) conforms to the requirements of Ginnie Mae for securitization; (iii) is not a Wet Loan and (iv) is otherwise acceptable to Buyer in its sole discretion. 

GLB Act shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11(u) of this Agreement. 

Governmental Authority shall mean any nation or government, any state, county, municipality or other political subdivision thereof or any governmental body, agency, authority, department or commission (including, without limitation, any taxing authority) or any instrumentality or officer of any of the foregoing (including, without limitation, any court or tribunal) exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government and any corporation, partnership or other entity directly or indirectly owned by or controlled by the foregoing and with respect to any insured depository institution, including without limitation the Appropriate Federal Banking Agency.

Guarantee shall mean, as to any Person[***]. 

Hash Value shall mean, with respect to an eNote, the unique, tamper-evident digital signature of such eNote that is stored with MERS. 

HECM Loan shall mean a home equity conversion Mortgage Loan which is (a) secured by a first lien and (b) is eligible to be insured by FHA.

HECM Principal Balance shall mean the principal balance of a HECM Loan (including without limitation all related servicing fees, scheduled payments and/or unscheduled payments, accrued interest and MIP Payments) reduced by all amounts received or collected in respect of principal on such HECM Loan.

Hedge Agreement shall mean, with respect to any or all of the Purchased Assets, any short sale of a US Treasury Security, or futures contract, or mortgage related security, or Eurodollar futures contract, or options related contract, or interest rate swap, cap or collar agreement or Takeout Commitment, or similar arrangement providing for protection against fluctuations in interest rates or the exchange of nominal interest obligations, either generally or under specific contingencies, entered into by Seller with a party and with terms, both acceptable to Buyer.

High Balance Mortgage Loan shall mean a Mortgage Loan, other than a HECM Loan, which is secured by a first lien (subject to Permitted Encumbrances), and such Mortgage Loan (a) conforms to the requirements of an Agency for securitization or cash purchase; (b) has an original Mortgage Loan principal balance in excess of general conventional loan amounts for Conforming Mortgage Loans; (c) has an original Mortgage Loan principal balance that is less than the maximum high balance county limit for the county in which the related Mortgaged Property is located and (d) has a minimum FICO score of [***].

High Cost Mortgage Loan shall mean a Mortgage Loan (a) classified as a high cost loan under the Home Ownership and Equity Protection Act of 1994 as described in Section 32 of Regulation Z (12 CFR 1026.32); (b) classified as a high cost, high risk, high rate, threshold, covered, or predatory loan under any other applicable state, federal or local law (or a similarly classified loan using different terminology under a law, regulation or ordinance imposing heightened regulatory scrutiny or additional legal liability for residential mortgage loans having high interest rates, points and/or fees) or (c) having a percentage listed under the Indicative Loss Severity Column (the column that appears in the S&P Anti-Predatory Lending 

11

LEGAL02/45709332v2

Law Update Table, included in the then-current S&Ps LEVELS Glossary of Terms on Appendix E).

HomePath Mortgage Loan shall mean a Mortgage Loan that is originated in compliance with Fannie Maes HomePath mortgage loan program (as such program is amended, supplemented or otherwise modified, from time to time). 

HomePath Renovation Mortgage Loan shall mean a Mortgage Loan that is originated in compliance with Fannie Maes HomePath mortgage loan program (as such program is amended, supplemented or otherwise modified, from time to time). 

HomeStyle Renovation Mortgage Loan shall mean a Mortgage Loan that is originated in compliance with Fannie Maes HomeStyle Renovation mortgage loan program (as such program is amended, supplemented or otherwise modified, from time to time). 

Hsieh Investorsshall mean each of [***] and each of their respective affiliates.

HUD shall mean the Department of Housing and Urban Development or any successor thereto.

Income shall mean, with respect to any Mortgage Loan at any time, any principal thereof then payable and all interest, dividends or other distributions payable thereon.

Indebtedness shall mean [***].

Indemnified Party shall have the meaning set forth in Section 14(a) of this Agreement.

Insolvency Event shall mean, for any Person:

(A)that such Person shall discontinue or abandon operation of a substantial portion of its business; or

(B)that such Person shall fail generally to, or admit in writing its inability to, pay its debts as they become due; or

(C)an involuntary proceeding shall have been instituted in a court having jurisdiction in the premises seeking a decree or order for relief in respect of such Person in an involuntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation, reorganization or other similar Requirement of Law now or hereafter in effect, or for the appointment of a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or other similar official of such Person, or for any substantial part of its property, or for the winding-up or liquidation of its affairs, and, in each case, is not stayed, released, vacated, dismissed or fully bonded within [***] calendar days after the proceeding has been instituted; or

(D)the commencement by such Person of a voluntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar Requirement of Law now or hereafter in effect, or such Persons consent to the entry of an order for relief in an involuntary case under any such Requirement of Law, or consent to the appointment of or taking possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator 

12

LEGAL02/45709332v2

or other similar official of such Person, or for any substantial part of its property, or any general assignment for the benefit of creditors; or

(E)that such Person shall become insolvent as such term is defined in Section 101(32)(A) of the Bankruptcy Code; or 

(F)if such Person is a corporation, such Person shall take any corporate action in furtherance of, or the action of which would result in any of the actions set forth in the preceding clauses (a), (b), (c), (d) or (e).

Insured Depository Institution shall have the meaning ascribed to such term by Section 1813(c)(2) of Title 12 of the United States Code, as amended from time to time.

Jumbo Mortgage Loan shall mean a Mortgage Loan which is secured by a first lien (subject to Permitted Encumbrances) Mortgage that (a) has an original Mortgage Loan principal balance in excess of general Conforming Mortgage Loan limits but not in excess of $[***] or such other amount agreed to by Buyer in its sole discretion, (b) has an original Mortgage Loan principal balance in excess of the maximum high balance county limit for the county that the subject property is located in but not in excess of [***] or such other amount agreed to by Buyer in its sole discretion; (c) meets the eligibility requirements of Buyer as determined in its sole discretion and (d) has a Takeout Commitment from an Approved Investor which (i) shall include evidence of an underwriting approval, with no conditions outstanding to close the Mortgage Loan and a Takeout Price, purchase price commitment number and purchase price commitment expiration date for the Mortgage Loan or (ii) is in form and substance acceptable to Buyer in its sole discretion. 

LD Holdings shall mean LD Holdings Group LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.

Lien shall mean any lien, claim, charge, restriction, pledge, security interest, mortgage, deed of trust or other encumbrance.

Litigation Threshold shall have the meaning specified in the Pricing Letter.

LTV shall mean (a)with respect to any Mortgage Loan other than an Agency High LTV Mortgage Loan and a HECM Loan, the ratio of the original outstanding principal amount of the Mortgage Loan to the Appraised Value of the Mortgaged Property at origination and (b) with respect to any Mortgage Loan that is an Agency High LTV Mortgage Loan, the ratio of the original outstanding principal amount of the Mortgage Loan to the Appraised Value of the Mortgaged Property as of the date such Mortgage Loan is funded as a refinanced Mortgage Loan under the High LTV Refinance Option program implemented by Fannie Mae or the Enhanced Relief Refinance program implemented by Freddie Mac, as applicable. 

Location shall mean, with respect to an eNote, the location of such eNote which is established by reference to the MERS eRegistry. 

Maintenance Fee Rate shall have the meaning specified in the Pricing Letter. 

Manufactured Home Mortgage Loans shall have the meaning specified in paragraph (k) on Schedule 1.

Margin Call shall have the meaning specified in Section 4(b) of this Agreement.

13

LEGAL02/45709332v2

Margin Deficit shall have the meaning specified in Section 4(b) of this Agreement.

Market Value shall mean, as of any date with respect to any Purchased Asset [***]. 

Material Adverse Effect shall mean a material adverse effect on (a) the Property, business, operations or financial condition of Seller, (b) the ability of Seller to perform its obligations under any of the Program Documents to which it is a party, (c) the validity or enforceability of any of the Program Documents, (d) the rights and remedies of Buyer or any Affiliate under any of the Program Documents, (e) the timely payment of any amounts payable under the Program Documents or (f) the Asset Value of the Purchased Assets taken as a whole.

Maximum Aggregate Purchase Price shall have the meaning set forth in the Pricing Letter.

MERS shall mean Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware, or any successor thereto.

MERS eDelivery shall mean the transmission system operated by the Electronic Agent that is used to deliver eNotes, other Electronic Records and data from one MERS eRegistry member to another using a system-to-system interface and conforming to the standards of the MERS eRegistry. 

MERS eRegistry shall mean the electronic registry operated by the Electronic Agent that acts as the legal system of record that identifies the Controller, Delegatee and Location of the Authoritative Copy of registered eNotes.

MERS Org ID shall mean a number assigned by the Electronic Agent that uniquely identifies MERS members, or, in the case of a MERS Org ID that is a Secured Party Org ID, uniquely identifies MERS eRegistry members, which assigned numbers for each of Buyer, Seller and Custodian have been provided to the parties hereto.

MERS System shall mean the system of recording transfers of mortgages electronically maintained by MERS.

Minimum Balance Requirement shall have the meaning set forth in the Pricing Letter.

MIP Payments shall mean, with respect to a HECM Loan, all mortgage insurance premiums payable to either HUD or a private mortgage insurer, as set forth in the related Mortgage File.

Modification Agreement shall mean, with respect to a Ginnie Mae Modified Loan, the agreement that modifies the terms of the Mortgage Loan in accordance with the Ginnie Mae guide. 

Monthly Financial Statement Date shall have the meaning set forth in the Pricing Letter.

Monthly Payment shall mean the scheduled monthly payment of principal and interest on a Mortgage Loan.

14

LEGAL02/45709332v2

Mortgage shall mean each mortgage, assignment of rents, security agreement and fixture filing, or deed of trust, assignment of rents, security agreement and fixture filing, deed to secure debt, assignment of rents, security agreement and fixture filing, or similar instrument creating and evidencing a first lien, or with respect to a State Bond Loan a first lien and all related subordinated liens, (subject to Permitted Encumbrances) on real property and other property and rights incidental thereto, unless such Mortgage is granted in connection with a Co-op Loan, in which case the first lien position (subject to Permitted Encumbrances) is in the Co-op Shares and in the Proprietary Lease relating to such Co-op Shares.

Mortgage File shall mean, with respect to a Mortgage Loan, the documents and instruments relating to such Mortgage Loan and set forth in the Custodial Agreement.

Mortgage Interest Rate shall mean the rate of interest borne on a Mortgage Loan from time to time in accordance with the terms of the related Mortgage Note.

Mortgage Loan shall mean any first lien, or with respect to a State Bond Loan a first lien and all related subordinated liens, (subject to Permitted Encumbrances), one-to-four-family residential mortgage loan evidenced by a Mortgage Note and secured by a Mortgage, which Mortgage Loan is subject to a Transaction hereunder, which in no event shall include any mortgage loan which (a) includes any single premium credit, life or accident and health insurance or disability insurance, or (b) is a High Cost Mortgage Loan.

Mortgage Loan Schedule shall mean with respect to any Transaction as of any date, a mortgage loan schedule in the form of a computer tape or other electronic medium generated by Seller and delivered to Buyer via the Warehouse Electronic System and to Custodian as specified in the Custodial Agreement, which provides information relating to the Purchased Assets in a format required by Buyer.

Mortgage Note shall mean the promissory note or other evidence of the indebtedness of a Mortgagor secured by a Mortgage.

Mortgage Product shall have the meaning set forth in the Pricing Letter.

Mortgaged Property shall mean the real property or other Co-op Loan collateral securing repayment of the debt evidenced by a Mortgage Note.

Mortgagor shall mean the obligor or obligors on a Mortgage Note, including any Person who has assumed or guaranteed the obligations of the obligor thereunder.

Net Income shall mean, for any Person for any period, the net income of such Person for such period as determined in accordance with GAAP.

Non-Excluded Taxes shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(a) of this Agreement.

Non-Exempt Buyer shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(e) of this Agreement.

Nondefaulting Party shall have the meaning set forth in Section 29 of this Agreement.

Obligations shall mean (a) any amounts owed by Seller to Buyer in connection with a Transaction hereunder, together with interest thereon (including interest which would be payable as post-petition interest in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceeding) and all 

15

LEGAL02/45709332v2

other fees or expenses which are payable hereunder or under any of the Program Documents and (b) all other obligations or amounts owed by Seller to Buyer or an Affiliate of Buyer under any other contract or agreement, in each case, whether such amounts or obligations owed are direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured.

Omnibus Account shall mean the account established pursuant to Section 9(d) of this Agreement.

Operating Account shall mean the account established pursuant to Section 9(d) of this Agreement.

Operating Account Rate shall have the meaning specified in the Pricing Letter. 

Other Conforming Mortgage Loan shall mean a Mortgage Loan, which is secured by a first lien, or with respect to a State Bond Loan a first lien and all related subordinated liens, (subject to Permitted Encumbrances), such Mortgage Loan (a) conforms to the requirements of an Agency for securitization or cash purchase, (b) is eligible to be insured by FHA, guaranteed by VA or guaranteed by RD (excluding any Mortgage Loan which exceeds Agency guidelines for maximum general conventional loan amount) or (c) conforms to the requirements of the qualifying local or state governmental homeownership program administered by a Housing Finance Agency (as defined under 24 CFR 266.5), but in the case of (a)-(c) does not otherwise meet all of the requirements of a Conforming Mortgage Loan or State Bond Loan as set forth herein.

Other Taxes shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(b) of this Agreement.

Parthenon Investors shall mean each of [***] . each of their respective affiliates.

Permitted Holders shall mean any of the Hsieh Investors and the Parthenon Investors.

PBGC shall mean the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or any entity succeeding to any or all of its functions under ERISA.

Permitted Encumbrances shall mean the items described in clauses (m)(i) through (iii) of Schedule 1.

Person shall mean any individual, corporation, company, voluntary association, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, trust, unincorporated association or government (or any agency, instrumentality or political subdivision thereof).

Plan shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10(s) of this Agreement.

PMI Policy shall mean a policy of primary mortgage guaranty insurance issued by a Qualified Insurer, as required by this Agreement with respect to certain Mortgage Loans.

Post-Default Rate shall have the meaning set forth in the Pricing Letter.

Power of Attorney shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8(d) of this Agreement.

Price Differential shall mean, with respect to any Transaction hereunder as of any date, the aggregate amount obtained by daily application of the Pricing Rate (or, during the 

16

LEGAL02/45709332v2

continuation of an Event of Default, by daily application of the Post-Default Rate) for such Transaction to the Purchase Price for such Transaction on a 360 day per year basis for the actual number of days during the period commencing on (and including) the Purchase Date for such Transaction and ending on (but excluding) the Repurchase Date (reduced by any amount of such Price Differential previously paid by Seller to Buyer with respect to such Transaction).

Pricing Letter shall mean that certain letter agreement among Buyer and Seller, dated as of the date hereof, as the same may be amended from time to time.

Pricing Rate shall have the meaning set forth in the Pricing Letter.

Program Documents shall mean this Agreement, the Pricing Letter, the Custodial Agreement, the Electronic Tracking Agreement, the Application, a Servicer Notice, if any, and the Power of Attorney. 

Property shall mean any right or interest in or to property of any kind whatsoever, whether real, personal or mixed and whether tangible or intangible.

Proprietary Lease shall mean the lease on a Co-op Unit evidencing the possessory interest of the owner in the Co-op Shares in such Co-op Unit.

Purchase Advice shall mean a list of Purchased Assets that are requested to be repurchased in connection with a sale to an Approved Investor which shall set forth the loan identification numbers and related Takeout Price on a loan-by-loan and aggregate basis in an electronic format agreed to by Buyer. 

Purchase Advice Deficiency shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(e) of this Agreement.

Purchase Date shall mean the date on which Purchased Assets are transferred by Seller to Buyer or its designee.

Purchase Price shall have the meaning set forth in the Pricing Letter.

Purchased Agency Security shall mean each Agency Security that is subject to a Transaction and which has not been repurchased by Seller hereunder.

Purchased Assets shall mean the Purchased Mortgage Loans and the Purchased Agency Securities.

Purchased Mortgage Loan shall mean each Mortgage Loan sold by Seller to Buyer in a Transaction, as reflected in the Confirmation, and which has not been repurchased by Seller hereunder.

QM Rule shall mean 12 CFR 1026.43(e), including all applicable official staff commentary.

Qualified Insurer shall mean a mortgage guaranty insurance company duly authorized and licensed where required by law to transact mortgage guaranty insurance business and acceptable under the Approved Underwriting Guidelines.

Qualified Mortgage shall mean a Mortgage Loan that satisfies the criteria for a qualified mortgage as set forth in the QM Rule.

17

LEGAL02/45709332v2

RD shall mean the United States Department of Agriculture Rural Development and any successor thereto.

RD Loan shall mean a Mortgage Loan which is the subject of a RD Loan Guaranty Agreement as evidenced by a loan guaranty. 

RD Loan Guaranty Agreement shall mean the agreement evidencing the contractual obligation of the RD respecting the guaranty of an RD Loan. 

Recognition Agreement shall mean, an agreement among a Co-op Corporation, a lender and a Mortgagor with respect to a Co-op Loan whereby such parties (i) acknowledge that such lender may make, or intends to make, such Co-op Loan, and (ii) make certain agreements with respect to such Co-op Loan.

Records shall mean all instruments, agreements and other books, records, and reports and data generated by other media for the storage of information maintained by Seller or any other person or entity with respect to a Purchased Asset. Records shall include the Mortgage Notes, any Mortgages, the Mortgage Files, the credit files related to the Purchased Asset and any other instruments necessary to document or service a Mortgage Loan.

Register shall have the meaning set forth in Section 18(b) of this Agreement.

Regulations T, U and X shall mean Regulations T, U and X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (or any successor), as the same may be modified and supplemented and in effect from time to time.

Relevant Governmental Body shall mean the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor of any of the foregoing.

Reportable Event shall mean any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA, other than those events as to which the thirty day notice period is waived under subsections .21, .22, .24, .26, .27 or .28 of PBGC Reg. 4043.

Reporting Period shall have the meaning provided in Section 10(s) of this Agreement.

Repurchase Assets shall have the meaning provided in Section 8(a) of this Agreement.

Repurchase Date shall mean the date on which Seller is to repurchase the Purchased Assets subject to a Transaction from Buyer which shall be the earliest of (i) the Termination Date or (ii) any date determined by application of the provisions of Sections 3(e) or 13.

Repurchase Price shall mean the price at which Purchased Assets are to be transferred from Buyer or its designee to Seller upon termination of a Transaction, which will be determined in each case (including Transactions terminable upon demand) as the sum of (a) the Purchase Price; (b) any unpaid Price Differential plus (c) any Warehouse Fees or other fees due as of the date of such determination.

Requirement of Law shall mean as to any Person, the certificate of incorporation and bylaws or other organizational or governing documents of such Person, and 

18

LEGAL02/45709332v2

any law, treaty, rule, regulation, procedure or determination of an arbitrator or a court or other Governmental Authority, in each case applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its Property is subject.

Responsible Officer shall mean an officer of Seller listed on Schedule 2 hereto, as such Schedule 2 may be amended from time to time.

S&P shall mean Standard & Poors Ratings Services, or any successor thereto.

Sanctioned Country shall mean at any time, a country, region or territory which is itself the subject or target of any Sanctions. 

Sanctioned Person shall mean, at any time, (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of Treasury, the U.S. Department of State, by the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European Union member state, Her Majestys Treasury of the United Kingdom or other relevant sanctions authority, (b) any Person operating, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country or (c) any Person owned or controlled by any such Person or Persons described in the foregoing clause (a) or (b). 

Sanctions shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10(y) of this Agreement.

Scheduled Indebtedness shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10(n) of this Agreement. 

Scratch and Dent Mortgage Loan means a first lien Mortgage Loan that satisfies the following criteria: 

[***] 

SEC shall have the meaning set forth in Section 32 of this Agreement.

Section 4402 shall have the meaning set forth in Section 29 of this Agreement.

Seller shall mean loanDepot.com, LLC, or any successor in interest thereto.

Servicer shall mean Seller, Cenlar FSB, or any other third party servicer acceptable to Buyer in its sole discretion and any successors in interest and assigns as approved by Buyer. 

Servicer Notice shall mean (a) that certain notice, dated as of July 26, 2016, among Buyer, Seller and Cenlar FSB, and (b) any other notice acknowledged by any Subservicer and any Servicer that is not the Seller or Cenlar FSB substantially in the form of Exhibit C to this Agreement. 

Servicing Agent shall mean, with respect to an eNote, the field entitled, Servicing Agent in the MERS eRegistry. 

Servicing Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in Section 15(b) of this Agreement.

19

LEGAL02/45709332v2

Servicing Rights shall mean the rights of any Person to administer, service or subservice, the Purchased Assets or to possess related Records.

Settlement Agent shall mean a closing agent or a title insurance company or its agent which has not been disapproved by Buyer in its sole discretion.

SIPA shall have the meaning set forth in Section 32 of this Agreement.

State Bond Loan shall mean a Mortgage Loan (including the first lien and all related subordinated liens), which (a) is originated and underwritten in accordance with qualifying local or state governmental homeownership program administered by a Housing Finance Agency (as defined under 24 CFR 266.5) in a State approved by Buyer in its sole discretion and (b) either (i) conforms to the requirements of an Agency for securitization or cash purchase and has (A) a minimum FICO score of [***], (B) a DTI of not more than [***]% and (C) a LTV not greater than [***]% or (ii) is eligible to be insured by FHA, guaranteed by VA or guaranteed by RD and has (A) a minimum FICO score of [***]; (B) a DTI of not more than [***]% and (C) has a LTV not greater than [***]%. 

Stock Certificate shall mean, with respect to a Co-op Loan, the certificates evidencing ownership of the Co-op Shares issued by the Co-op Corporation.

Stock Power shall mean, with respect to a Co-op Loan, an assignment of the Stock Certificate or an assignment of the Co-op Shares issued by the Co-op Corporation.

Subservicer shall have the meaning set forth in Section 15(b) of this Agreement.

Subsidiary shall mean, with respect to any Person, any corporation, partnership or other entity of which at least a majority of the securities or other ownership interests having by the terms thereof ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors or other persons performing similar functions of such corporation, partnership or other entity (irrespective of whether or not at the time securities or other ownership interests of any other class or classes of such corporation, partnership or other entity shall have or might have voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency) is at the time directly or indirectly owned or controlled by such Person or one or more Subsidiaries of such Person or by such Person and one or more Subsidiaries of such Person.

Successor Rate shall mean a rate determined by Buyer in accordance with Section 5(i) of this Agreement. 

Successor Rate Conforming Changes shall mean with respect to any proposed Successor Rate, any technical, administrative or operational change (including any change to the timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Buyer decides, in its sole good faith discretion, may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Successor Rate and to permit the administration thereof by the Buyer in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Buyer decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Buyer determines that no market practice for the administration of such Successor Rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the Buyer decides, in its sole good faith discretion, is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement or any other Program Document).

20

LEGAL02/45709332v2

Successor Servicer shall have the meaning set forth in Section 15(g) of this Agreement.

Takeout Commitment shall mean (a) with respect to Purchased Assets other than Jumbo Mortgage Loans and Purchased Agency Securities, either (i) a commitment of Seller to sell one or more such Purchased Assets to an Approved Investor (including an Agency) and the corresponding Approved Investors (including an Agencys) commitment back to Seller to effectuate the foregoing, which commitment may be in the form of a to be allocated (TBA) commitment for which the related Purchased Assets are allocated or (ii) a commitment of an Agency to swap one or more Purchased Mortgage Loans for an Agency Security, which commitment may be in the form of a to be allocated (TBA) commitment for which the related Purchased Mortgage Loans are allocated; (b) with respect to Purchased Assets that are Jumbo Mortgage Loans, (i) a commitment of Seller to sell one or more such Purchased Assets to an Approved Investor and the corresponding Approved Investors commitment back to Seller to effectuate the foregoing, or (ii) evidence that the Seller is granted delegated authority by the Approved Investor, which in each instance meets the requirements set forth in the definition of Jumbo Mortgage Loan; and (c) with respect to Purchased Agency Securities, a commitment of Seller to sell one or more Purchased Agency Securities to an Approved Investor and the corresponding Approved Investors commitment back to Seller to effectuate the foregoing; and in each case, the expiration date of such commitment has not occurred. 

Takeout Failure shall mean, with respect to any Takeout Commitment (a) for the purchase of a Purchased Asset, the failure of the Approved Investor to purchase such Purchased Asset pursuant to such Takeout Commitment and (b) for the swap of a Purchased Mortgage Loan for an Agency Security backed by such Purchased Mortgage Loan, an Agency Security Issuance Failure. 

Takeout Price shall mean the price at which the Approved Investor has agreed to purchase a Purchased Asset from the Seller.

Tax Compliance Certificate shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(e)(ii) of this Agreement.

Tax Distributions shall mean distributions by the Seller for the purpose of enabling LD Holdings to make Tax Distributions, as defined and set forth in the limited liability company agreement of LD Holdings.

Taxes shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(a) of this Agreement.

Termination Date shall have the meaning set forth in the Pricing Letter.

Third Party Participants shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11(x) of this Agreement.

Third Party Transaction Parties shall have the meaning set forth in Section 16 of this Agreement.

Trade Assignment shall mean an assignment to Buyer of a forward trade between an Approved Investor and Seller with respect to one or more Purchased Agency Securities substantially in the form of Exhibit D hereto.

Transaction shall have the meaning specified in Section 1 of this Agreement.

21

LEGAL02/45709332v2

Transaction Request shall mean a request from Seller to Buyer to enter into a Transaction, which shall be submitted electronically through the Warehouse Electronic System.

Transfer of Control shall mean, with respect to an eNote, a MERS eRegistry transfer transaction used to request a change to the current Controller of such eNote. 

Transfer of Control and Location shall mean, with respect to an eNote, a MERS eRegistry transfer transaction used to request a change to the current Controller and Location of such eNote. 

Transfer of Location shall mean, with respect to an eNote, a MERS eRegistry transfer transaction used to request a change to the current Location of such eNote.

Transferable Record shall mean an Electronic Record under E-Sign and UETA that (i) would be a note under the Uniform Commercial Code if the Electronic Record were in writing, (ii) the issuer of the Electronic Record has expressly agreed is a transferable record, and (iii) for purposes of E-SIGN, relates to a loan secured by real property.

Trust Receipt shall mean the Master Trust Receipt as defined in the Custodial Agreement.

UETA shall mean the Official Text of the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act as approved by the National Conference of Commissioners on Uniform State Laws at its Annual Conference on July 29, 1999.

Unauthorized Servicing Agent Modification shall have the meaning set forth in the Custodial Agreement. 

Uniform Commercial Code or UCC shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in the State of New York; provided that if by reason of mandatory provisions of law, the perfection or the effect of perfection or non-perfection of the security interest in any Repurchase Assets or the continuation, renewal or enforcement thereof is governed by the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in a jurisdiction other than New York, Uniform Commercial Code shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in such other jurisdiction for purposes of the provisions of this Agreement relating to such perfection or effect of perfection or non-perfection.

U.S. Treasury Regulations shall mean regulations promulgated by the U.S. Department of the Treasury under the Code.

VA shall mean the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, an agency of the United States of America, or any successor thereto including the Secretary of Veterans Affairs.

VA Loan shall mean a Mortgage Loan which is the subject of a VA Loan Guaranty Agreement as evidenced by a loan guaranty certificate.

VA Loan Guaranty Agreement shall mean the agreement evidencing the contractual obligation of the VA respecting the guaranty of a VA Loan. 

Warehouse Accounts shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9(c) of this Agreement.

22

LEGAL02/45709332v2

Warehouse Electronic System shall mean the system utilized by Buyer either directly, or through its vendors, and which may be accessed by Seller in connection with delivering and obtaining information and requests in connection with the Program Documents.

Warehouse Facility shall have the meaning set forth in the Pricing Letter. 

Warehouse Fees shall have the meaning set forth in the Pricing Letter.

Wet Delivery Deadline shall have the meaning set forth in the Pricing Letter.

Wet Loan shall mean a Mortgage Loan (other than a Scratch and Dent Mortgage Loan) which Seller is selling to Buyer simultaneously with the origination thereof 

Wiring Instructions shall mean the wiring instructions of Buyer and Seller as provided to the other party in writing, as applicable.

SECTION 3.INITIATION; TERMINATION

(a)Conditions Precedent to Initial Transaction. Buyers agreement to continue to enter into Transactions hereunder is subject to the satisfaction, immediately prior to or concurrently with the making of such Transaction, of the condition precedent that Buyer shall have received from Seller any fees and expenses payable hereunder, and all of the following documents, each of which shall be satisfactory to Buyer and its counsel in form and substance:

(i)Program Documents. The Program Documents duly executed and delivered by the parties thereto.

(ii)Officers Certificate. An officers certificate of Seller substantially in the form of Exhibit B attached hereto which shall include (A) certified copies of the organizational documents of Seller and (B) a certified copy of a good standing certificate from the jurisdiction of organization of Seller, dated as of no earlier than the date ten (10) Business Days prior to the Purchase Date with respect to the initial Transaction hereunder. 

(iii)[reserved].

(iv)Security Interest. Evidence that all other actions necessary or, in the opinion of Buyer, desirable to perfect and protect Buyers interest in the Purchased Assets and other Repurchase Assets have been taken, including, without limitation, UCC searches and duly authorized and filed Uniform Commercial Code financing statements on Form UCC-1.

(v)Insurance. Evidence that Seller has added endorsements for theft of warehouse lender money and collateral, naming Buyer as a loss payee under its Fidelity Insurance and as a direct loss payee/right of action under its errors and omissions insurance policy.

(vi)Warehouse Fees. Payment of any Warehouse Fees and other costs and expenses due and payable to Buyer hereunder.

(vii)Other Documents. Such other documents as Buyer may reasonably request, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Buyer.

23

LEGAL02/45709332v2

(b)Conditions Precedent to all Transactions. Upon satisfaction of the conditions set forth in this Section 3(b), Buyer may enter into a Transaction with Seller. Buyers entering into each Transaction (including the initial Transaction) is subject to the satisfaction of the following further conditions precedent, both immediately prior to entering into such Transaction and also after giving effect thereto to the intended use thereof:

(i)Due Diligence Review. Without limiting the generality of Section 16 of this Agreement, Buyer shall have completed, to its satisfaction, its preliminary due diligence review of the related Mortgage Loans and Seller Parties.

(ii)No Default. No Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing under the Program Documents.

(iii)Representations and Warranties. Both immediately prior to the Transaction and also after giving effect thereto and to the intended use thereof, the representations and warranties made by Seller in Section 10 of this Agreement, shall be true, correct and complete on and as of such Purchase Date in all material respects with the same force and effect as if made on and as of such date (or, if any such representation or warranty is expressly stated to have been made as of a specific date, as of such specific date).

(iv)Maximum Aggregate Purchase Price. After giving effect to the requested Transaction, the aggregate outstanding Purchase Price for all Purchased Assets subject to then outstanding Transactions under this Agreement shall not exceed the Maximum Aggregate Purchase Price. 

(v)No Margin Deficit. After giving effect to the requested Transaction, the Asset Value of all Purchased Assets exceeds the aggregate Purchase Price for such Transactions.

(vi)Transaction Request. Seller shall have delivered to Buyer a Mortgage Loan Schedule with respect to all Mortgage Loans subject to the requested Transaction pursuant to the timeframes set forth in Section 3(c) of this Agreement.

(vii)Delivery of Mortgage File. Seller shall have delivered to Custodian the Mortgage File with respect to each Mortgage Loan (other than a Wet Loan) subject to the requested Transaction in accordance with the timeframes set forth in the Custodial Agreement.

(viii)Delivery of Trust Receipt. Custodian shall have delivered to Buyer, in accordance with the timeframes set forth in the Custodial Agreement, a Trust Receipt and a Custodial Loan Transmission with respect to each Mortgage Loan subject to the requested Transaction.

(ix)Release Documentation. If requested by Buyer, Seller shall have delivered to Buyer (a) with respect to a Correspondent Mortgage Loan, a bailee letter from the third party originator or its designee; (b) with respect to a Mortgage Loan that has been subject to a third party warehouse agreement (as approved by Buyer), a release from the related warehouse lender and (c) with respect a Mortgage Loan that Buyer is purchasing directly from Seller (as approved by Buyer), a release from Seller, in each case in form and substance acceptable to Buyer in its sole discretion. 

(x)Fees and Expenses. Buyer shall have received all fees and expenses as contemplated by Sections 9 and 14(b) which amounts, at Buyers option, may be 

24

LEGAL02/45709332v2

withheld from the proceeds remitted by Buyer to Seller pursuant to any Transaction hereunder; and

(xi)No Violation of Law. If any Requirement of Law (other than with respect to any amendment made to Buyers certificate of incorporation and bylaws or other organizational or governing documents) or any change in the interpretation or application of any Requirement of Law thereof or compliance by Buyer with any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any central bank or other Governmental Authority made subsequent to the date hereof shall result in Buyers entering into any Transaction to be a violation of such Requirement of Law.

(xii)No Material Adverse Change. None of the following shall have occurred and be continuing:

(A)an event or events shall have occurred in the good faith determination of Buyer resulting in the effective absence of a repo market or comparable lending market for financing debt obligations secured by mortgage loans or securities or an event or events shall have occurred resulting in Buyer not being able to finance Mortgage Loans through the repo market or lending market with traditional counterparties at rates which would have been reasonable prior to the occurrence of such event or events; or

(B)an event or events shall have occurred resulting in the effective absence of a securities market for securities backed by mortgage loans or an event or events shall have occurred resulting in Buyer not being able to sell securities backed by mortgage loans at prices which would have been reasonable prior to such event or events; or

(C)there shall have occurred a material adverse change in the financial condition of Buyer which affects (or can reasonably be expected to affect) materially and adversely the ability of Buyer to fund its obligations under this Agreement; or

(D)there shall have occurred (i) a material change in financial markets, an outbreak or escalation of hostilities or a material change in national or international political, financial or economic conditions; (ii) a general suspension of trading on major stock exchanges; or (iii) a disruption in or moratorium on commercial banking activities or securities settlement services.

(xiii)Conditions Precedent Trigger. No Conditions Precedent Trigger shall have occurred or be continuing until Seller has cured such Conditions Precedent Trigger pursuant to the definition thereof. 

Each Transaction Request delivered by Seller hereunder shall constitute a certification by Seller that all the conditions set forth in this Section 3(b) (other than clauses (xi) and (xii) hereof) have been satisfied (both as of the date of such notice or request and as of Purchase Date).

(c)Initiation.

(i)Throughout each Business Day, Seller may request that Buyer enter into Transactions hereunder by delivering a Mortgage Loan Schedule with respect to all Mortgage Loans subject to the requested Transaction on or prior to (A) with respect to Wet Loans, [***] on the requested Purchase Date and (B) with respect to Mortgage 

25

LEGAL02/45709332v2

Loans other than Wet Loans, [***] on the Business Day prior to the requested Purchase Date. 

(ii)Seller shall deliver to Custodian the Mortgage File with respect to each Mortgage Loan subject to the requested Transaction (A) which is not a Wet Loan, in accordance with the timeframes set forth in the Custodial Agreement, and (B) with respect to each Wet Loan, on or prior to the Wet Delivery Deadline; provided that, with respect to any eMortgage Loan, Seller shall deliver to Custodian each of Buyers and Sellers MERS Org IDs, and shall cause (i) the Authoritative Copy of the related eNote to be delivered to the eVault via a secure electronic file, (ii) the Controller status of the related eNote to be transferred to Buyer, (iii) the Location status of the related eNote to be transferred to Custodian, and (iv) the Delegatee status of the related eNote to be transferred to Custodian, in each case using MERS eDelivery and the MERS eRegistry (collectively, the eNote Delivery Requirements). 

(iii)Following receipt of such request, Buyer shall agree to enter into such requested Transaction so long as the conditions set forth herein are satisfied and after giving effect to the requested Transaction the aggregate outstanding Purchase Price does not exceed the Maximum Aggregate Purchase Price, in which case Buyer shall remit the Purchase Price pursuant to the Sellers Wiring Instructions. 

(iv)Buyers remittance of the Purchase Price in connection with the Transaction and Sellers acceptance thereof, will constitute the parties agreement to enter into such Transaction. Upon remittance of the Purchase Price to Seller, Seller hereby grants, assigns, conveys and transfers all rights in and to the Purchased Assets evidenced on the related Mortgage Loan Schedule submitted through the Warehouse Electronic System. 

(v)Buyer shall confirm the terms of each Transaction by posting a Confirmation on the Warehouse Electronic System by the end of the day on each Purchase Date. Each Confirmation together with this Agreement, shall be conclusive evidence of the terms of the Transaction(s) covered thereby unless objected to in writing by Seller no more [***] after the date such Confirmation was posted on the Warehouse Electronic System or unless a corrected Confirmation is posted by Buyer; provided that Buyers failure to post a Confirmation shall not affect the obligations of Seller under any Transaction. An objection sent by Seller must state specifically that such writing which is an objection, must specify the provision(s) being objected to by Seller, must set forth such provision(s) in the manner that Seller believes they should be stated, and must be received by Buyer no more [***]after the Confirmation was posted on the Warehouse Electronic System. 

(vi)The Repurchase Date for each Transaction shall not be later than the Termination Date.

(d)Issuance of Agency Securities. Upon the written approval of Buyer and subject to (x) Sellers prompt delivery to the applicable Agency any and all documents necessary to enable such Agency to make Delivery to Buyer or its designee of an Agency Security backed by the related Purchased Mortgage Loans and (y) receipt of the applicable Trade Assignment, Seller may cause Purchased Mortgage Loans to be pooled for the purpose of backing an Agency Security. At such time as an Agency Security backed by a pool of Purchased Mortgage Loans is delivered to Buyer by the applicable Agency, (a) such Agency Security shall immediately and with no further action on the part of Buyer, Seller or Custodian become subject to a Transaction hereunder and (b) the pool of Purchased Mortgage Loans backing such Agency Security shall immediately and with no further action on the part of Buyer, Seller or Custodian no longer be 

26

LEGAL02/45709332v2

subject to a Transaction hereunder and Buyer shall have been deemed to release any ownership and/or security interest it has in such pool of Purchased Mortgage Loans.

(e)Repurchase; Purchase by an Approved Investor.

(i)Seller may repurchase Purchased Assets without penalty or premium on any date by remitting to Buyer the applicable Repurchase Price pursuant to the Buyers Wiring Instructions. 

(ii)Any repurchase of Purchased Assets may occur simultaneously with a sale of the Purchased Asset to an Approved Investor subject to the following procedures:

(A) Seller shall instruct the Approved Investor to remit directly to Buyer pursuant to Buyers Wiring Instructions no later than [***] on any Business Day the Takeout Price in an amount equal to the Repurchase Price for such Purchased Asset.

(B)Simultaneously, Seller shall deliver to Buyer electronically the related Purchase Advice. The Takeout Price received by Buyer must equal the amount set forth on the Purchase Advice.

(C)The Takeout Price shall be applied to reduce the Repurchase Price in respect of the Purchased Assets listed on the Purchase Advice. In the event the Takeout Price is less than the Repurchase Price, the Buyer shall withdraw funds from the Operating Account and Warehouse Accounts such that no deficiency exists. For the avoidance of doubt, Buyer shall not release its interests in any Purchased Asset until such time as it receives the Repurchase Price in full.

(D)In the event Buyer receives the Takeout Price on or prior to [***] and either (x) no Purchase Advice is received or (y) the Takeout Price does not match the amount on the Purchase Advice (a Purchase Advice Deficiency), then Buyer shall retain the Takeout Price and the related Purchased Assets shall not be released and the Transactions shall continue to accrue Price Differential under this Agreement until the Purchase Advice Deficiency is remedied. In the event the Takeout Price matches the amount set forth in the Purchase Advice but are in excess of the Repurchase Price (such amount, the Excess Proceeds) provided that no Default or Event of Default exists, Buyer shall remit such Excess Proceeds to the Operating Account or as otherwise agreed to by Buyer and Seller.

(E)In no event shall Buyer be liable to Seller, any Approved Investor or any other Person in connection with the procedures set forth herein. 

(iii)On the Repurchase Date, termination of the Transaction will be effected by reassignment to Seller or its designee of the Purchased Assets against the simultaneous transfer of the Repurchase Price as described in this Section 3(e). Such obligation to repurchase exists without regard to any prior or intervening liquidation or foreclosure with respect to any Purchased Asset.

SECTION 4.MARGIN AMOUNT MAINTENANCE

(a)Buyer shall determine the Market Value of each Purchased Asset at such intervals as determined by Buyer in its sole discretion.

(b)If at any time the aggregate Asset Values of Purchased Assets then subject to Transactions are less than the aggregate Purchase Prices (taking into account the application of 

27

LEGAL02/45709332v2

any Buydown Availability pursuant to Section 9(f) hereof) for such Purchased Assets (a Margin Deficit), then Buyer may by notice to Seller (as such notice is more particularly set forth below, a Margin Call), require Seller to transfer to Buyer or its designee cash in the amount of the Margin Deficit.

(c)Notice delivered pursuant to Section 4(b) may be given by any written or electronic means. Any notice given before [***] on a Business Day shall be met, and the related Margin Call satisfied, no later than [***] on such Business Day; notice given after [***]on a Business Day shall be met, and the related Margin Call satisfied, no later than [***] on the following Business Day. 

(d)The failure of Buyer, on any one or more occasions, to exercise its rights hereunder, shall not change or alter the terms and conditions to which this Agreement is subject or limit the right of Buyer to do so at a later date. Seller and Buyer each agree that a failure or delay by Buyer to exercise its rights hereunder shall not limit or waive Buyers rights under this Agreement or otherwise existing by law or in any way create additional rights for Seller.

(e)Any cash transferred to Buyer pursuant to Section 4(b) above shall be held as unsegregated cash margin and collateral for all Obligations under this Agreement.

SECTION 5.COLLECTIONS; INCOME PAYMENTS

(a)On each Business Day that a Transaction is outstanding, the Pricing Rate shall be reset and, unless otherwise agreed, the accrued and unpaid Price Differential shall be settled in cash on each related Repurchase Date. To the extent a Purchased Asset is subject to a Transaction for a period in excess of [***] , at Buyers sole option, Price Differential shall be settled in cash on such date and thereafter as more frequently requested by Buyer. 

(b)Upon request of Buyer, Seller shall establish and maintain a segregated time or demand deposit account for the benefit of Buyer (the Custodial Account) with Buyer, UBS AG Stamford Branch or an Insured Depository Institution acceptable to Buyer in its sole discretion and, upon the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default, shall deposit into the Custodial Account, within [***] of receipt, all Income received with respect to each Mortgage Loan sold hereunder. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Seller shall cause all Income received with respect to the Purchased Assets by any Servicer to be remitted directly to the Custodial Account. Under no circumstances shall Seller deposit any of its own funds into the Custodial Account or otherwise commingle its own funds with funds belonging to Buyer as owner of any Mortgage Loans. Seller shall name the Custodial Account loanDepot.com, LLC in trust for the benefit of UBS AG, by and through its branch office at 1285 Avenue of the Americas, New York, New York.

(c)All Income received with respect to a Mortgage Loan purchased hereunder, whether or not deposited in the Custodial Account, shall be held in trust for the exclusive benefit of Buyer as the owner of such Mortgage Loan.

(d)Following an Event of Default, Seller shall remit to Buyer all Income and any funds in the Custodial Account as instructed by Buyer in writing. Such remittances shall be by wire transfer in accordance with wire transfer instructions previously given to Seller by Buyer.

(e)Seller authorizes Buyer to withdraw any Income otherwise due Buyer hereunder from any of the Warehouse Accounts and the Operating Account. 

28

LEGAL02/45709332v2

(f)Seller shall not change the identity or location of the Custodial Account. Seller shall from time to time, at its own cost and expense, execute such directions to Buyer, and other papers, documents or instruments as may be reasonably requested by Buyer. 

(g)If Buyer so requests, Seller shall promptly notify Buyer of each deposit in the Custodial Account, and each withdrawal from the Custodial Account, made by it with respect to Mortgage Loans owned by Buyer and serviced by Seller. Seller shall also promptly deliver to Buyer electronic copies or photocopies of all periodic bank statements and other records relating to the Custodial Account as Buyer may from time to time request. 

(h)The amount required to be paid or remitted by Seller to Buyer, not made when due shall bear interest from the due date until the remittance, transfer or payment is made, payable by Seller, at the lesser of the Post-Default Rate or the maximum rate of interest permitted by law. If there is no maximum rate of interest specified by applicable law, interest on such sums shall accrue at the Post-Default Rate.

(i)If on any date, Buyer determines in its sole good faith discretion that, by reason of circumstances affecting the relevant market, (i) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Benchmark; (ii) the Benchmark is no longer in existence; (iii) continued implementation of the Benchmark is no longer operationally, administratively or technically feasible or no significant market practice for the administration of the Benchmark exists, (iv) the Benchmark will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to Buyer of purchasing or maintaining Transactions or (v) the Relevant Governmental Body, the CME Term SOFR Administrator or a Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over Buyer has made a public statement identifying a specific date after which the Benchmark shall no longer be made available or used for determining the interest rate of loans, Buyer may give prompt notice thereof to Seller, whereupon the rate for such period that will replace the Benchmark for such period, and for all subsequent periods until such notice has been withdrawn by Buyer, shall be the greater of (x) an alternative benchmark rate (including any mathematical or other adjustments to the benchmark rate (if any) incorporated therein) and (y) zero, together with any proposed Successor Rate Conforming Changes, as determined by Buyer in its sole discretion (any such rate, a Successor Rate). 

(j)To the extent Buyer implements a Successor Rate and Successor Rate Conforming Changes it will promptly notify Seller Parties of the effectiveness of any such changes. Any determination of a Successor Rate and the adoption of Successor Rate Conforming Changes shall be made by Buyer in a manner substantially consistent with market practice with respect to similarly situated counterparties with substantially similar assets in similar facilities and any such Successor Rate Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of Seller Parties to this Agreement or the other Program Documents.

SECTION 6.REQUIREMENT OF LAW

(a)If any Requirement of Law (other than with respect to any amendment made to Buyers certificate of incorporation and bylaws or other organizational or governing documents) including those regarding capital adequacy, or any change in the interpretation or application of any Requirement of Law thereof or compliance by Buyer with any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any central bank or other Governmental Authority made subsequent to the date hereof:

(i)shall subject Buyer to any Tax or increased Tax of any kind whatsoever or change the basis of taxation of payments to Buyer;

29

LEGAL02/45709332v2

(ii)shall impose, modify or hold applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan or similar requirement against assets held by, deposits or other liabilities in or for the account of, advances, or other extensions of credit by, or any other acquisition of funds by, any office of Buyer;

(iii)shall impose on Buyer any other condition;

and the result of any of the foregoing is to increase the cost to Buyer, by an amount which Buyer deems to be material, of entering, continuing or maintaining any Transaction or to reduce any amount due or owing hereunder in respect thereof, or shall have the effect of reducing Buyers rate of return then, in any such case, Seller shall promptly pay Buyer such additional amount or amounts as calculated by Buyer in good faith as will compensate Buyer for such increased cost or reduced amount receivable on an after-tax basis.

(b)If Buyer shall have determined that the adoption of or any change in any Requirement of Law (other than with respect to any amendment made to Buyers certificate of incorporation and by-laws or other organizational or governing documents) regarding capital adequacy or in the interpretation or application thereof or compliance by Buyer or any corporation controlling Buyer with any request or directive regarding capital adequacy (whether or not having the force of law) from any Governmental Authority made subsequent to the date hereof shall have the effect of reducing the rate of return on Buyers or such corporations capital as a consequence of its obligations hereunder to a level below that which Buyer or such corporation could have achieved but for such adoption, change or compliance (taking into consideration Buyers or such corporations policies with respect to capital adequacy) by an amount deemed by Buyer to be material, then from time to time, Seller shall promptly pay to Buyer such additional amount or amounts as will compensate Buyer for such reduction.

(c)If Buyer becomes entitled to claim any additional amounts pursuant to this Section 6, it shall promptly notify Seller of the event by reason of which it has become so entitled. A certificate, with supporting documentation, as to any additional amounts payable pursuant to this Section 6 submitted in good faith by Buyer to Seller shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error.

SECTION 7.TAXES.

(a)Any and all payments by or on behalf of Seller under or in respect of this Agreement or any other Program Documents to which Seller is a party shall be made free and clear of, and without deduction or withholding for or on account of, any and all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, assessments, fees, charges or withholdings (including backup withholdings), and all liabilities (including penalties, interest and additions to tax) with respect thereto, whether now or hereafter imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by any taxation authority or other Governmental Authority (collectively, Taxes), unless required by law. If any Person shall be required under any applicable Requirement of Law to deduct or withhold any Taxes from or in respect of any sum payable under or in respect of this Agreement or any of the other Program Documents to Buyer (including, for purposes of Section 6 and this Section 7, any agent, assignee, successor or participant), (i) Seller shall make all such deductions and withholdings in respect of Taxes, (ii) Seller shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld in respect of Taxes to the relevant taxation authority or other Governmental Authority in accordance with any Requirement of Law, and (iii) the sum payable by Seller shall be increased as may be necessary so that after Seller has made all required deductions and withholdings (including deductions and withholdings applicable to additional amounts payable under this Section 7) such Buyer receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had 

30

LEGAL02/45709332v2

no such deductions or withholdings been made in respect of Non-Excluded Taxes. For purposes of this Agreement the term Non-Excluded Taxes are Taxes other than, in the case of a Buyer, (i) Taxes that are imposed on its overall net income (and franchise taxes imposed in lieu thereof) by the jurisdiction under the laws of which such Buyer is organized or of its applicable lending office, or any political subdivision thereof, unless such Taxes are imposed as a result of such Buyer having executed, delivered or performed its obligations or received payments under, or enforced, this Agreement or any of the other Program Documents (in which case such Taxes will be treated as Non-Excluded Taxes), and (ii) Taxes imposed as a result of its failure to comply with the requirements of Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (as in effect on the date hereof) and any U.S. Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder (FATCA).

(b)In addition, Seller hereby agrees to timely pay or, at the Buyers option, timely reimburse it for payment of, any present or future stamp, court, recording, documentary, excise, filing, intangible, property or value-added taxes, or similar taxes, charges or levies that arise from any payment made under or in respect of this Agreement or any other Program Document or from the execution, delivery, enforcement or registration of, any performance, receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, this Agreement or any other Program Document (collectively, Other Taxes).

(c)Seller hereby agrees to indemnify Buyer (including its Beneficial Tax Owners) for, and to hold it harmless against, the full amount of Non-Excluded Taxes and Other Taxes, and the full amount of Taxes of any kind imposed by any jurisdiction on amounts payable under this Section 7 imposed on, paid, deducted or withheld by such Buyer (or any Beneficial Tax Owners thereof) and any liability (including penalties, additions to tax, interest and expenses) arising therefrom or with respect thereto. A certificate as to the amount of such Taxes or liabilities delivered to Seller by Buyer shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The indemnity by Seller provided for in this Section 7(c) shall apply and be made whether or not the Non-Excluded Taxes, Other Taxes or any other liabilities for which indemnification hereunder is sought have been correctly or legally asserted. Amounts payable by Seller under the indemnity set forth in this Section 7(c) shall be paid within ten (10) days from the date on which Buyer makes written demand therefor.

(d)Within [***] of request of Buyer, Seller (or any Person making such payment on behalf of Seller) shall furnish to Buyer for its own account a certified copy of the official receipt evidencing payment thereof. 

(e)For purposes of this Section 7(e), the terms United States and United States person shall have the meanings specified in Section 7701 of the Code. Each Buyer (including for avoidance of doubt any assignee, successor or participant) that either (i) is not organized under the laws of the United States, any State thereof, or the District of Columbia or (ii) whose name does not include Incorporated, Inc., Corporation, Corp., P.C., insurance company, or assurance company (a Non-Exempt Buyer) shall deliver or cause to be delivered to Seller the following properly completed and duly executed documents:

(i)in the case of a Non-Exempt Buyer that is not a United States person or is a disregarded entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes owned by a person that is not a United States person, a complete and executed (x) U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN with Part II completed in which such Buyer claims the benefits of a tax treaty with the United States providing for a zero or reduced rate of withholding (or any successor forms thereto), including all appropriate attachments or (y) a U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form W-8ECI (or any successor forms thereto); or

(ii)in the case of a Non-Exempt Buyer that is an individual, (x) for non-United States persons, a complete and executed U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form 

31

LEGAL02/45709332v2

W-8BEN (or any successor forms thereto) and a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit F (a Tax Compliance Certificate) or (y) for United States persons, a complete and executed U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 (or any successor forms thereto); or

(iii)in the case of a Non-Exempt Buyer that is organized under the laws of the United States, any State thereof, or the District of Columbia and that is not a disregarded entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes owned by a person that is not a United States person, a complete and executed U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 (or any successor forms thereto); or

(iv)in the case of a Non-Exempt Buyer that (x) is not organized under the laws of the United States, any State thereof, or the District of Columbia and (y) is treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, a complete and executed U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN (or any successor forms thereto) and a Tax Compliance Certificate; or

(v)in the case of a Non-Exempt Buyer that (A) is treated as a partnership or other non-corporate entity, and (B) is not organized under the laws of the United States, any State thereof, or the District of Columbia, (x)(i) a complete and executed U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form W-8IMY (or any successor forms thereto) (including all required documents and attachments) and (ii) a Tax Compliance Certificate, and (y) in the case of a non-withholding foreign partnership or trust, without duplication, with respect to each of its beneficial owners and the beneficial owners of such beneficial owners looking through chains of owners to individuals or entities that are treated as corporations for U.S. federal income tax purposes (all such owners, Beneficial Tax Owners), the documents that would be provided by each such Beneficial Tax Owner if such Beneficial Tax Owner were Buyer; or

(vi)in the case of a Non-Exempt Buyer that is disregarded for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the document that would be required by clause (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v), (vii) and/or this clause (vi) of this Section 7(e) with respect to its Beneficial Tax Owner if such Beneficial Tax Owner were Buyer; or

(vii)in the case of a Non-Exempt Buyer that (A) is not a United States person and (B) is acting in the capacity of an intermediary (as defined in U.S. Treasury Regulations), (x)(i) a U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form W-8IMY (or any successor form thereto) (including all required documents and attachments) and (ii) a Tax Compliance Certificate, and (y) if the intermediary is a non-qualified intermediary (as defined in U.S. Treasury Regulations), from each person upon whose behalf the non-qualified intermediary is acting the documents that would be required by clause (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v), (vi), and/or this clause (vii) with respect to each such person if each such person were Buyer; and

(viii)if a payment made to a Buyer under this Agreement or any other Program Documents would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Buyer were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Buyer shall deliver to Seller at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by Seller such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by Seller as may be necessary for Seller to comply with its obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct 

32

LEGAL02/45709332v2

and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (viii), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 

If Buyer provides a form pursuant to Section 7(e)(i)(x) and the form provided by the Buyer at the time such Buyer first becomes a party to this Agreement or, with respect to a grant of a participation, the effective date thereof, indicates a United States interest withholding tax rate under the tax treaty in excess of zero, withholding tax at such rate shall be treated as Taxes other than Non-Excluded Taxes (Excluded Taxes) and shall not qualify as Non-Excluded Taxes unless and until such Buyer provides the appropriate form certifying that a lesser rate applies, whereupon withholding tax at such lesser rate shall be considered Excluded Taxes solely for the periods governed by such form. If, however, on the date a Person becomes an assignee, successor or participant to this Agreement, the Buyer transferor was entitled to indemnification or additional amounts under this Section 7, then the Buyer assignee, successor or participant shall be entitled to indemnification or additional amounts to the extent that the Buyer transferor was entitled to such indemnification or additional amounts for Non-Excluded Taxes, and the Buyer assignee, successor or participant shall be entitled to additional indemnification or additional amounts for any other or additional Non-Excluded Taxes.

(f)For any period with respect to which a Buyer has failed to provide Seller with the appropriate form, certificate or other document described in Section 7(e) (other than if such failure is due to a change in any Requirement of Law, or in the interpretation or application thereof, occurring after the date on which a form, certificate or other document originally was required to be provided), such Buyer shall not be entitled to indemnification or additional amounts under subsection (a) or (c) of this Section 7 with respect to Non-Excluded Taxes imposed by the United States by reason of such failure; provided, however, that should a Buyer become subject to Non-Excluded Taxes because of its failure to deliver a form, certificate or other document required hereunder, Seller shall take such steps as such Buyer shall reasonably request, to assist such Buyer in recovering such Non-Excluded Taxes.

(g)Without prejudice to the survival of any other agreement of Seller hereunder, the agreements and obligations of Seller contained in this Section 7 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the other Program Documents. Nothing contained in Section 6 or this Section 7 shall require Buyer to complete, execute or make available any of its Tax returns or any other information that it deems to be confidential or proprietary, or whose completion, execution or submission would, in Buyers judgment, materially prejudice Buyers legal or commercial position.

SECTION 8.SECURITY INTEREST; BUYERS APPOINTMENT AS ATTORNEY-IN-FACT

(a)Security Interest. On each Purchase Date, Seller hereby sells, assigns and conveys all rights and interests in the Purchased Assets identified on the related Mortgage Loan Schedule and the Repurchase Assets related thereto. Although the parties intend that all Transactions hereunder be sales and purchases and not loans (other than as set forth in Section 20 for U.S. tax purposes), in the event any such Transactions are deemed to be loans, and in any event Seller hereby pledges to Buyer as security for the performance by Seller of the Obligations and hereby grants, assigns and pledges to Buyer a fully perfected first priority security interest in:

(i) the Purchased Assets; 

33

LEGAL02/45709332v2

(ii)the Records related to the Purchased Assets; 

(iii)the Program Documents (to the extent such Program Documents and Sellers right thereunder relate to the Purchased Assets); 

(iv)any Property relating to any Purchased Asset or the related Mortgaged Property; 

(v)any Takeout Commitments relating to any Purchased Assets; 

(vi)any Closing Protection Letter, escrow letter or settlement agreement relating to any Purchased Asset; 

(vii)any Servicing Rights relating to any Purchased Asset; 

(viii)all insurance policies and insurance proceeds relating to any Purchased Asset or the related Mortgaged Property, including but not limited to any payments or proceeds under any related primary insurance or hazard insurance; 

(ix)any Income relating to any Purchased Asset; 

(x)the Custodial Account; 

(xi)the Warehouse Accounts; 

(xii)the Operating Account; 

(xiii)any Hedge Agreements relating to any Purchased Asset; 

(xiv)any other contract rights, accounts (including any interest of Seller in escrow accounts) and any other payments, rights to payment (including payments of interest or finance charges) and general intangibles to the extent that the foregoing relates to any Purchased Asset; 

(xv)any other assets relating to the Purchased Assets (including, without limitation, any other accounts) or any interest in the Purchased Assets; 

(xvi)accounts, chattel paper (including electronic chattel paper), goods (including inventory and equipment and any accessions thereto), instruments (including promissory notes), documents, investment property, general intangibles (including payment intangibles and software) in each case related to the Purchased Assets; and

(xvii)together with all accessions and additions thereto, substitutions and replacements therefor, and all products and proceeds of the foregoing, in all instances, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, now existing or hereafter created and wherever located (collectively, the Repurchase Assets).

(b)Servicing Rights. Seller acknowledges that it has sold the Purchased Assets to Buyer on a servicing released basis and it has no rights to service the Purchased Assets. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing and in the event that Seller is deemed to retain any residual Servicing Rights, and for the avoidance of doubt, Seller grants, assigns and pledges to Buyer a security interest in the Servicing Rights and proceeds related thereto and in all instances, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, now existing or hereafter created. The foregoing provision is intended to constitute a security agreement or other arrangement or other 

34

LEGAL02/45709332v2

credit enhancement related to this Agreement and Transactions hereunder as defined under Sections 101(47)(v) and 741(7)(xi) of the Bankruptcy Code.

(c)Financing Statements. Seller hereby authorizes Buyer to file such financing statement or statements relating to the Repurchase Assets and the Servicing Rights as Buyer, at its option, may deem appropriate. Seller shall pay the searching and filing costs for any financing statement or statements prepared or searched pursuant to this Agreement.

(d)Buyers Appointment as Attorney in Fact. Seller agrees to execute a Power of Attorney, the form of Exhibit E hereto (the Power of Attorney), to be delivered on the date hereof.

SECTION 9.PAYMENT, TRANSFER; ACCOUNTS

(a)Payments and Transfers of Funds. Unless otherwise mutually agreed in writing, all transfers of funds to be made by Seller hereunder shall be made in Dollars, in immediately available funds, without deduction, set off or counterclaim, to Buyer pursuant to the Wiring Instructions, on the date on which such payment shall become due.

(b)Remittance of Purchase Price. On the Purchase Date for each Transaction, ownership of the Purchased Assets shall be transferred to Buyer or its designee against the simultaneous transfer of the Purchase Price pursuant to Sellers Wiring Instructions. With respect to the Purchased Assets being sold by Seller on a Purchase Date, Seller hereby sells, transfers, conveys and assigns to Buyer or its designee without recourse, but subject to the terms of this Agreement, all the right, title and interest of Seller in and to the Purchased Assets together with all right, title and interest in and to the proceeds of any related Repurchase Assets. 

(c)Warehouse Accounts. Buyer or the Buyers designee shall maintain for Seller an inbound account and a margin account (the Warehouse Accounts). The Warehouse Accounts shall be in the form of non-interest bearing book-entry accounts. Buyer shall have exclusive withdrawal rights from the Warehouse Accounts. All amounts on deposit in the Warehouse Accounts shall be held as cash margin and collateral for all Obligations under this Agreement. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that a Margin Call or other Default exists, Buyer shall be entitled to use any or all of the amounts on deposit in any Warehouse Account to cure such circumstance or otherwise exercise remedies available to Buyer without prior notice to, or consent from, Seller. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Seller acknowledges that (i) amounts in the Warehouse Accounts are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, any governmental entity or otherwise and (ii) Buyer is not required to segregate funds in the Warehouse Accounts from its own funds or from funds held for others.

(d)Operating Account. From time to time, Seller may provide funds to Buyer for deposit to an interest bearing account (the Operating Account) in accordance with this Section 9. The Operating Account shall be a subaccount of an interest-bearing savings account (the Omnibus Account) maintained by Buyer as agent for the benefit of Seller and other sellers of mortgage related assets with a bank determined by Buyer its sole discretion (the Depository). The Buyer shall have non-exclusive withdrawal rights from the Operating Account. Seller acknowledges that Buyer acts as Sellers agent for the limited purpose of placing funds with the Depository, and that funds held by Buyer as Sellers agent are not a deposit account or other liability of Buyer. Buyer shall maintain records of Sellers interest in the funds maintained in the Omnibus Account. Withdrawals may be paid by wire transfer or any other means chosen by Buyer from time to time in its sole discretion. 

35

LEGAL02/45709332v2

(e)Depository. Unless otherwise designated in writing by Buyer, the Depository shall be UBS AG, Stamford Branch. Funds on deposit at the UBS AG, Stamford Branch are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, Securities Investor Protection Corporation or any governmental agency of the United States, Switzerland or any other jurisdiction. The Omnibus Account and Operating Account are obligations of the UBS AG, Stamford Branch only, and are not obligations of UBS AG generally or of any of its other affiliates. The payment of principal and interest on the Operating Account at the UBS AG, Stamford Branch is subject to the creditworthiness of UBS AG. The Operating Account is not a deposit account or other liability of Buyer. In the unlikely event of the failure of the UBS AG, Stamford Branch, the Seller acknowledges that it will be a general unsecured creditor of UBS AG.

(f)Buydown Amount. The Buydown Amount shall be held as unsegregated cash margin and collateral for all Obligations under this Agreement. 

(i)Provided that no Default or Event of Default exists, [***], the Seller may submit a written request in the form of Exhibit H hereto (a Buydown Application Request) requesting Buyer apply the Buydown Availability to new Transactions pursuant to the terms identified therein; provided that in no event shall the Buyer apply the Buydown Availability to the extent it would cause the Purchase Price Percentage for such Purchased Mortgage Loans to be less than [***]%. To the extent that the Buydown Utilization Threshold is not met on any Buydown Determination Date, all Transactions entered into on [***] and thereafter (until such time that the Buydown Utilization Threshold is met and Seller delivers a Buydown Application Request) shall be at the applicable Asset Value as set forth in the Pricing Letter without consideration of any prior Buydown Application Request.

(ii)During the requested period of time that the application of the Buydown Availability is effective (as identified in the Buydown Application Request), the Buyer shall apply the Buydown Availability from the Operating Account and shall allocate such amount to the outstanding Purchase Price of the Purchased Mortgage Loans that become subject to Transactions during such time to match the applicable Buydown Application Request. To the extent there are insufficient funds in the Operating Account, Seller shall wire such funds at least [***] to the effective date of any Buydown Application Request.

(iii)Provided that no Default or Event of Default exists, [***], the Seller may submit a Buydown Application Request, requesting that Buyer no longer apply such amounts to the outstanding Purchase Price of all Purchased Mortgage Loans. Upon the effective date thereof as set forth in the Buydown Availability Request, all Transactions may revert to the applicable Asset Value as set forth in the Pricing Letter and Buyer may return such previously applied amounts to the Operating Account in its sole discretion. 

(iv)A Buydown Application Request shall be effective only upon Buyers written acceptance thereof which may be by email. 

(v)Any application of the Buydown Availability of the Buydown Availability to the Operating Account shall be subject to the terms of the Program Documents, including, without limitation, Schedule 1 of the Pricing Letter. Any return of the Buydown Availability to the Operating Account shall be subject to Buyers sole discretion.

(vi)Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that a breach of a Concentration Limit, a Margin Call or other Default exists, the Buyer shall be entitled to use any or all of the Buydown Amount (which for the avoidance of doubt, 

36

LEGAL02/45709332v2

shall include amounts of Buydown Availability applied to the outstanding Purchase Price of Purchased Mortgage Loans pursuant to the terms hereof) and to withdraw such amounts from the Operating Account or re-apply amounts previously applied to the outstanding Purchase Price in Buyers sole discretion to cure such circumstance or otherwise exercise remedies available to the Buyer without prior notice to, or consent from, Seller. 

(vii)Regardless of whether a Margin Call or other Default exists, Buyer also may withdraw interest paid to the Operating Account in its discretion from time to time, and without prior notice to or consent from the Seller, as a full or partial off-set to Sellers obligation hereunder to pay the Price Differential. 

(viii)Within [***] receipt of written request from Seller, and provided no Margin Call or other Default exists, Buyer shall withdraw any portion of such Buydown Amount from the Operating Account and remit such amount back to Seller.

(g)Operating Account Interest. Subject to Section 9(h), the Buydown Amount will accrue interest at the Operating Account Rate; provided that in no event shall interest accrue on [***]. Unless otherwise set forth in the Pricing Letter:

(i)The Depository calculates interest accrual daily on the basis of funds credited to the Operating Account, but credits interest monthly. As a result, interest will not begin to compound until credited in the month following its accrual. The Depository credits interest to the Operating Account in the month following its accrual on a schedule set by Depository from time to time, which may result in a delay in interest crediting as late as the twentieth (20th) day of the calendar month.

(ii)The Depository accrues interest on funds deposited to the Operating Account beginning on the day on which such funds are received in the Operating Account, and through, but not including, the day on which funds are withdrawn from the Operating Account.

(iii)Interest paid on funds in the Operating Account at the Operating Account Rate shall be credited to the Operating Account unless otherwise withdrawn by Buyer at the direction of Seller as provided herein.

(h)Maintenance of Balances. If Seller shall fail to maintain with Buyer during any calendar month deposits in the Operating Account in the average, after charges to compensate Buyer for services rendered to Seller, equal to at least the Minimum Balance Requirement, Seller shall pay to Buyer a fee equal to the amount of such deficit multiplied by the Maintenance Fee Rate.

(i)Fees. Seller shall pay in immediately available funds to Buyer all fees, including without limitation, the Warehouse Fees, as and when required hereunder. All such payments shall be made in Dollars, in immediately available funds, without deduction, set-off or counterclaim, to Buyer at such account designated by Buyer. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing or any other provision of this Agreement, Buyer may withdraw and retain from the Warehouse Accounts and Operating Account any Warehouse Fees due and owing to Buyer.

SECTION 10.REPRESENTATIONS

Seller represents and warrants to Buyer that as of the Purchase Date for any Purchased Assets, as of the date of this Agreement and any Transaction hereunder and at all 

37

LEGAL02/45709332v2

times while the Program Documents are in full force and effect and/or any Transaction hereunder is outstanding:

(a)Acting as Principal. Seller will engage in such Transactions as principal (or, if agreed in writing in advance of any Transaction by the other party hereto, as agent for a disclosed principal).

(b)No Broker. Seller has not dealt with any broker, investment banker, agent, or other person, except for Buyer, who may be entitled to any commission or compensation in connection with the sale of Purchased Assets pursuant to this Agreement.

(c)Financial Statements. The Financial Reporting Party has heretofore furnished to Buyer a copy, certified by its president, chief financial officer or other officer acceptable to Buyer, of its (a) Financial Statements for the Financial Reporting Party for the fiscal year ended the Annual Financial Statement Date, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous year, with an unqualified opinion thereon of an Approved CPA and (b) Financial Statements for the Financial Reporting Party for such monthly period(s), of the Financial Reporting Party up until Monthly Financial Statement Date, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous month and year-to-date. All such Financial Statements are complete and correct and fairly present, in all material respects, the consolidated and consolidating financial condition of the Financial Reporting Party and the consolidated and consolidating results of its operations as at such dates and for such monthly periods, all in accordance with GAAP. Since the Annual Financial Statement Date, there has been no material adverse change in the consolidated business, operations or financial condition of the Financial Reporting Party taken as a whole from that set forth in said Financial Statements nor is Seller aware of any state of facts which (without notice or the lapse of time) would or could result in any such material adverse change or could have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(d)Organization, Etc. Seller is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization. Seller (a) has all requisite corporate or other power, and has all governmental licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals necessary to own its assets and carry on its business as now being or as proposed to be conducted, except where the lack of such licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals would not be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect; (b) is qualified to do business and is in good standing in all other jurisdictions in which the nature of the business conducted by it makes such qualification necessary, except where failure so to qualify would not be reasonably likely (either individually or in the aggregate) to have a Material Adverse Effect; and (c) has full power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the Program Documents.

(e)Authorization, Compliance, Approvals. The execution and delivery of, and the performance by Seller of its obligations under, the Program Documents to which it is a party (a) are within Sellers powers, (b) have been duly authorized by all requisite action, (c) do not violate any provision of applicable law, rule or regulation, or any order, writ, injunction or decree of any court or other Governmental Authority, or its organizational documents, (d) do not violate any indenture, agreement, document or instrument to which Seller or any of its Subsidiaries is a party, or by which Seller or any of Sellers properties, any of the Repurchase Assets is bound or to which any of them is subject and (e) are not in conflict with, do not result in a breach of, or constitute (with due notice or lapse of time or both) a default under, or except as may be provided by any Program Document, result in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any of the property or assets of Seller or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to, any such indenture, agreement, document or instrument. Seller is not required to obtain any consent, approval or authorization from, or to file any declaration or statement with, any Governmental 

38

LEGAL02/45709332v2

Authority in connection with or as a condition to the consummation of the Transactions contemplated herein and the execution, delivery or performance of the Program Documents to which it is a party. 

(f)Litigation. There are no actions, suits, arbitrations, investigations (including, without limitation, any of the foregoing which are pending or, to Sellers knowledge, threatened) or, to the knowledge of the Seller, other legal or arbitrable proceedings affecting Seller or any of its Subsidiaries or affecting any of the Repurchase Assets or any of the other properties of Seller before any Governmental Authority which (i) questions or challenges the validity or enforceability of the Program Documents or any action to be taken in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, (ii) except as disclosed to Buyer, makes a claim or claims in an aggregate amount greater than the Litigation Threshold, (iii) individually or in the aggregate, if adversely determined, would be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect or (iv) requires filing with the SEC in accordance with its regulations.

(g)Purchased Assets.

(i)Seller has not assigned, pledged, or otherwise conveyed or encumbered any Purchased Asset to any other Person, and immediately prior to the sale of such Purchased Asset to Buyer, Seller was the sole owner of such Purchased Asset and had good and marketable title thereto, free and clear of all Liens, in each case except for Liens to be released simultaneously with the sale to Buyer hereunder.

(ii)The provisions of this Agreement are effective to either constitute a sale of Repurchase Assets to Buyer or to create in favor of Buyer a valid first priority security interest in all right, title and interest of Seller in, to and under the Repurchase Assets.

(h)Proper Names; Chief Executive Office/Jurisdiction of Organization. Seller does not operate in any jurisdiction under a trade name, division name or name other than those names previously disclosed in writing by Seller to Buyer. On the Effective Date, Sellers chief executive office is, and has been, located as specified in Section 23 hereto. Sellers jurisdiction of organization, type of organization and organizational identification number is as set forth in the Pricing Letter. 

(i)Location of Books and Records. The location where Seller keeps its books and records, including all computer tapes, computer systems and storage media and records related to the Repurchase Assets is its chief executive office.

(j)Enforceability. This Agreement and all of the other Program Documents executed and delivered by Seller in connection herewith are legal, valid and binding obligations of Seller and are enforceable against Seller in accordance with their terms except as such enforceability may be limited by (i) the effect of any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar Requirement of Law affecting creditors rights generally and (ii) general principles of equity.

(k)Ability to Perform. Seller does not believe, nor does it have any reason or cause to believe, that it cannot perform each and every covenant contained in the Program Documents to which it is a party on its part to be performed.

(l)No Default. No Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.

(m)No Adverse Selection. Seller has not selected the Purchased Assets in a manner so as to adversely affect Buyers interests.

39

LEGAL02/45709332v2

(n)Scheduled Indebtedness. All Indebtedness which is presently in effect and/or outstanding that has a maximum borrowing capacity in excess of $1,000,000 listed on Schedule 3 hereto (the Scheduled Indebtedness).

(o)Accurate and Complete Disclosure. The information, reports, Financial Statements, exhibits and schedules furnished in writing by or on behalf of Seller to Buyer in connection with the negotiation, preparation or delivery of this Agreement or performance hereof and the other Program Documents or included herein or therein or delivered pursuant hereto or thereto, when taken as a whole, do not contain any untrue statement of material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements herein or therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. All written information furnished after the date hereof by or on behalf of Seller to Buyer in connection with this Agreement and the other Program Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby including without limitation, the information set forth in the related Mortgage Loan Schedule, will be true, complete and accurate in every material respect, or (in the case of projections) based on reasonable estimates, on the date as of which such information is stated or certified. There is no fact known to Seller, after due inquiry, that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect that has not been disclosed herein, in the other Program Documents or in a report, financial statement, exhibit, schedule, disclosure letter or other writing furnished to Buyer for use in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby.

(p)Margin Regulations. The use of all funds acquired by Seller under this Agreement will not conflict with or contravene any of Regulations T, U or X promulgated by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System as the same may from time to time be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified.

(q)Investment Company. Seller is not an investment company or a company controlled by an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(r)Solvency. As of the date hereof and immediately after giving effect to each Transaction, the fair value of the assets of Seller is greater than the fair value of the liabilities (including, without limitation, contingent liabilities if and to the extent required to be recorded as a liability on the Financial Statements of Seller in accordance with GAAP) of Seller and Seller is solvent and, after giving effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Program Documents, will not be rendered insolvent or left with an unreasonably small amount of capital with which to conduct its business and perform its obligations. Seller does not intend to incur, nor does it believe that it has incurred, debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature. Seller is not contemplating the commencement of an insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation, or consolidation proceeding or the appointment of a receiver, liquidator, conservator, trustee, or similar official in respect of itself or any of its property.

(s)ERISA. From the fifth fiscal year preceding the current year through the termination of this Agreement (the Reporting Period), with respect to any plan within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA that is sponsored or maintained by Seller or any ERISA Affiliate, or to which Seller or any ERISA Affiliate contributes or has contributed (each, a Plan), the benefits under which Plan are guaranteed, in whole or in part, by the PBGC (i) Seller and each ERISA Affiliate has funded and will continue to fund each Plan as required by the provisions of Section 412 of the Code; (ii) Seller and each ERISA Affiliate has caused and will continue to cause (directly or indirectly) each Plan to pay all benefits when due; (iii) neither Seller nor any ERISA Affiliate has been or is obligated to contribute to any multiemployer plan as defined in Section 3(37) of ERISA; (iv) Seller (on behalf of ERISA Affiliate, if applicable) will provide to Buyer (A) no later than the date of submission to the PBGC, a copy of any notice of a Plans termination (B) no later than the date of submission to the Department of Labor or to 

40

LEGAL02/45709332v2

the Internal Revenue Service, as the case may be, a copy of any request for waiver from the funding standards or extension of the amortization periods required by Section 412 of the Code and (C) notice of any Reportable Event as such term is defined in ERISA (and has, prior to the date of this Agreement, provided to Buyer a copy of any document described in clauses (iv)(A), (B) or (C) relating to any date in the Reporting Period prior to the date of this Agreement); and (v) Seller and each ERISA Affiliate will subscribe from the date of this Agreement to the termination of this Agreement to any contingent liability insurance provided by the PBGC to protect against employer liability upon termination of a guaranteed pension plan, if available to Seller or ERISA Affiliate, as applicable.

(t)Taxes.

(i)Seller and its Subsidiaries have timely filed all income, franchise and other material Tax returns that are required to be filed by it and has timely paid all Taxes due and payable by it or imposed with respect to any of its property and all other material fees and other charges imposed on it or any of its property by any Governmental Authority, except for any such Taxes the amount or validity of which is currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and with respect to which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP. 

(ii)There are no Liens for Taxes with respect to any assets of Seller or its Subsidiaries, and no claim is being asserted with respect to Taxes of Seller or its Subsidiaries, except for statutory Liens for Taxes not yet due and payable or for Taxes the amount or validity of which is currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and, in each case, with respect to which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP.

(iii)Seller is and has always been treated as a limited liability company for U.S. federal income tax purposes.

(u)No Reliance. Seller has made its own independent decisions to enter into the Program Documents and each Transaction and as to whether such Transaction is appropriate and proper for it based upon its own judgment and upon advice from such advisors (including without limitation, legal counsel and accountants) as it has deemed necessary. Seller is not relying upon any advice from Buyer as to any aspect of the Transactions, including without limitation, the legal, accounting or tax treatment of such Transactions.

(v)Plan Assets. Seller is not an employee benefit plan as defined in Section 3 of Title I of ERISA, or a plan described in Section 4975(e)(1) of the Code, and the Purchased Assets are not plan assets within the meaning of 29 CFR 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, in Sellers hands and transactions by or with Seller are not subject to any foreign state or local statute regulating investments of, or fiduciary obligations with respect to, governmental plans within the meaning of Section 3(32) of ERISA or church plans within the meaning of Section 3(33) of ERISA.

(w)Agency Approvals. With respect to each Agency Approval, Seller is in good standing, with no event having occurred or Seller having any reason whatsoever to believe or suspect will occur, including, without limitation, a change in insurance coverage which would either make Seller unable to comply with the eligibility requirements for maintaining all such Agency Approvals or require notification to the relevant Agency. 

(x)Anti-Money Laundering Laws. Seller has complied with all applicable anti-money laundering laws and regulations, including without limitation the USA Patriot Act of 2001, as amended, and the Bank Secrecy Act of 1970, as amended (collectively, the Anti-

41

LEGAL02/45709332v2

Money Laundering Laws); Seller has established an anti-money laundering compliance program as required by the Anti-Money Laundering Laws, has conducted the requisite due diligence in connection with the origination of each Mortgage Loan for purposes of the Anti-Money Laundering Laws, including with respect to the legitimacy of the applicable Mortgagor and the origin of the assets used by the Mortgagor to purchase the property in question, and maintains, and will maintain, sufficient information to identify the applicable Mortgagor for purposes of the Anti-Money Laundering Laws.

(y)No Sanctions. Neither Seller nor any of their Affiliates, officers, directors, partners or members, (i) is an entity or person (or to the Sellers knowledge, owned or controlled by an entity or person) that (A) is currently subject to any economic sanctions or trade embargoes administered or imposed by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, the U.S. Department of State, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, Her Majestys Treasury or any other relevant authority (collectively, Sanctions) or (B) resides, is organized or chartered, or has a place of business in a country or territory that is currently the subject of Sanctions and (ii) will directly or indirectly use the proceeds of any Transactions contemplated hereunder, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to or for the benefit of any person or entity, for the purpose of financing or supporting, directly or indirectly, the activities of any person or entity that is currently the subject of Sanctions.

(z)Takeout Commitments. With respect to any Takeout Commitment with an Agency, if applicable, (1) with respect to the wire transfer instructions as set forth in Freddie Mac Form 987 (Wire Transfer Authorization for a Cash Warehouse Delivery) such wire transfer instructions are identical to Buyers wire instructions or the Buyer has approved such wire transfer instructions in writing in its sole discretion, or (2) the Payee Number set forth on Fannie Mae Form 1068 (Fixed-Rate, Graduated-Payment, or Growing-Equity Mortgage Loan Schedule) or Fannie Mae Form 1069 (Adjustable-Rate Mortgage Loan Schedule), as applicable, is identical to the Payee Number that has been identified by Buyer in writing as Buyers Payee Number or the Buyer has approved the related Payee Number in writing in its sole discretion. With respect to any Takeout Commitment with an Agency for which the Agency is swapping the related Purchased Mortgage Loans for a mortgage backed security, the applicable Agency documents list Buyer or its designee as sole subscriber.

(aa)Anti-Corruption Laws. Seller has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by Seller, its and its directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws, and Seller and, d to the knowledge of Seller, its officers, directors, employees and agents, are in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws in all material respects and are not knowingly engaged in any activity that would reasonably be expected to result in Seller being designated as a Sanctioned Person. No Transaction contemplated by this Agreement will violate any Anti-Corruption Law.

SECTION 11.COVENANTS

Seller covenants to Buyer that as of the Purchase Date for any Purchased Asset, as of the date of this Agreement and any Transaction hereunder and at all times while the Program Documents are in full force and effect and/or any Transaction thereunder is outstanding, as follows:

(a)Preservation of Existence; Compliance with Law. Seller shall (i) preserve and maintain its legal existence and all of its material rights, privileges, licenses and franchises necessary for the operation of its business, the failure of which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (ii) comply with any applicable Requirement of Law, rules, 

42

LEGAL02/45709332v2

regulations and orders, whether now in effect or hereafter enacted or promulgated by any applicable Governmental Authority the violation of which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (iii) maintain all licenses, permits or other approvals necessary for Seller to conduct its business and to perform its obligations under the Program Documents, and shall conduct its business strictly in accordance with any applicable Requirement of Law, the violation of which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and (iv) keep adequate records and books of account, in which complete entries will be made in accordance with GAAP consistently applied. 

(b)Taxes. 

(i)Seller shall timely file all income, franchise and other material Tax returns that are required to be filed by them and shall timely pay all Taxes due and payable by them or imposed with respect to any of their property and all other material fees and other charges imposed on them or any of their property by any Governmental Authority, except for any such Taxes the amount or validity of which is currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and with respect to which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP.

(ii)Seller will be treated as a limited liability company for U.S. federal income tax purposes.

(c)Notice of Proceedings or Adverse Change. Seller shall give notice to Buyer or cause notice to be given to Buyer: [***]

(d)Financial Reporting. Seller shall maintain a system of accounting established and administered in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, and furnish to Buyer, with a certification by the president, chief financial officer or designee as approved by Buyer of the Financial Reporting Party (the following hereinafter referred to as the Financial Statements): 

(i)Within ninety (90) days after the close of each fiscal year, audited consolidated and consolidating balance sheets and the related consolidated and consolidating statements of income and retained earnings and of cash flows as at the end of such year for the Financial Reporting Party for the fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous year, with an unqualified opinion thereon of an Approved CPA; 

(ii)Reserved;

(iii)Within thirty (30) days after the end of each month, the consolidated and consolidating balance sheets and the related consolidated and consolidating statements of income, a calculation schedule of Financial Condition Covenants, and as may be reasonably requested by Buyer, the statement of retained earnings and the statement of cash flows for the Financial Reporting Party for such monthly period(s), of the Financial Reporting Party;

(iv)Unless otherwise waived by Buyer in writing, simultaneously with the furnishing of each of the Financial Statements to be delivered pursuant to subsections (i) and (iii) above, submission of a certificate in the form of Exhibit A to the Pricing Letter and certified by the president, chief financial officer or designee as approved by Buyer of the Financial Reporting Party, which includes detailed reporting to the materials set forth therein including without limitation, any request for repurchase of or indemnification for 

43

LEGAL02/45709332v2

a Mortgage Loan purchased by a third party investor and the valuation of the Sellers Capitalized Mortgage Servicing Rights by any third-party evaluator. 

(v)If applicable and at the request of Buyer, and provided such documents are not available on the SECs EDGAR website, copies of any 10-Ks, 10-Qs, registration statements and other corporate finance SEC filings (other than 8-Ks) by Seller within five (5) Business Days of their filing with the SEC; and

(vi)Promptly, from time to time, such other information regarding the business affairs, operations and financial condition of Seller as Buyer may reasonably request or as set forth in the certificate delivered pursuant to Section 11(d)(iv) above.

(e)Further Assurances. Seller shall execute and deliver to Buyer all further documents, financing statements, agreements and instruments, and take all further actions that may be required under any applicable Requirement of Law, or that Buyer may reasonably request, in order to effectuate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Program Documents or, without limiting any of the foregoing, to grant, preserve, protect and perfect the validity and first-priority of the security interests created or intended to be created hereby.

(f)True and Correct Information. All information, reports, exhibits, schedules, Financial Statements or certificates of Seller or any of its Affiliates thereof or any of their officers furnished to Buyer hereunder and during Buyers diligence of Seller will be true and complete and will not omit to disclose any material facts necessary to make the statements herein or therein, in light of the circumstances in which they are made, not misleading. All required Financial Statements, information and reports delivered by Seller to Buyer pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in accordance with GAAP, or as applicable, to SEC filings, the appropriate SEC accounting requirements.

(g)ERISA Events. Seller shall not and shall not permit any ERISA Affiliate to be in violation of any provision of Section 10(s) of this Agreement and Seller shall not be in violation of Section 10(v) of this Agreement.

(h)Financial Condition Covenants. Seller shall comply with the Financial Condition Covenants set forth in the Pricing Letter.

(i)Hedging. Seller shall hedge all Purchased Assets in accordance with Sellers hedging policies. Unless otherwise requested by Buyer, Seller shall deliver to Buyer once per week, a hedging report, in a form reasonably satisfactory to Buyer. Seller shall (i) review the hedging policies periodically to confirm that they are being complied with in all material respects and are adequate to meet Sellers business objectives and (ii) in the event Seller makes any material amendment or modification to the hedging policies, Seller shall [***] of such material amendment or modification, deliver to Buyer a complete copy of the amended or modified hedging policies. Additionally, Buyer may in its reasonable discretion request a current copy of Sellers hedging policies at any time.

(j)Servicer Approval. Seller shall not cause the Mortgage Loans to be serviced by any servicer other than a servicer expressly approved in writing by Buyer, which approval shall be deemed granted by Buyer with respect to Seller and Cenlar FSB with the execution of this Agreement.

(k)Insurance. Seller shall maintain Fidelity Insurance and errors and omissions insurance in respect of its officers, employees and agents in such amounts acceptable to the Agencies, which shall include a provision that such policies cannot be terminated or materially modified without at least thirty (30) days prior notice to Buyer. Seller shall notify 

44

LEGAL02/45709332v2

Buyer of any material change in the terms of any such insurance. Seller shall maintain endorsements for theft of warehouse lender money and collateral, naming Buyer as a loss payee under its Fidelity Insurance and as a direct loss payee/right of action under its errors and omissions insurance policy.

(l)Books and Records. Seller shall, to the extent practicable, maintain and implement administrative and operating procedures (including, without limitation, an ability to recreate records evidencing the Repurchase Assets in the event of the destruction of the originals thereof), and keep and maintain or obtain, as and when required, all documents, books, records and other information reasonably necessary or advisable for the collection of all Repurchase Assets.

(m)Illegal Activities. Seller shall not engage in any conduct or activity that could subject its assets to forfeiture or seizure.

(n)Material Change in Business. Seller shall not make any material change in the nature of its business as carried on at the date hereof.

(o)Limitation on Dividends and Distributions. Following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default or if an Event of Default would result therefrom, Seller shall not make any payment on account of, or set apart assets for, a sinking or other analogous fund for the purchase, redemption, defeasance, retirement or other acquisition of any equity interest of Seller, whether now or hereafter outstanding, or make any other distribution or dividend (a Distribution) in respect of any of the foregoing, in any instance, to any shareholder or equity owner of Seller, either directly or indirectly, whether in cash or property or in obligations of Seller or any of Sellers consolidated Subsidiaries; provided, that, [***]. [AMENDMENT NO. 2] 

(p)Scheduled Indebtedness. Financial Reporting Party shall (i) provide notice of any additional material Indebtedness (other than (x) the Scheduled Indebtedness listed under the definition thereof and (y) usual and customary accounts payable for a mortgage company) and (ii) upon request by Buyer, provide details related to Indebtedness including but not limited to tenor, facility size and such other details that are not subject to any obligation of confidentiality.

(q)Disposition of Assets; Liens. Seller shall not create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any mortgage, pledge, Lien, charge or other encumbrance of any nature whatsoever on any of the Repurchase Assets, whether real, personal or mixed, now or hereafter owned, other than the Liens created in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; nor shall Seller cause any of the Purchased Assets to be sold, pledged, assigned or transferred except as permitted hereunder.

(r)Transactions with Affiliates. Seller shall not enter into any transaction, including, without limitation, the purchase, sale, lease or exchange of property or assets or the rendering or accepting of any service with any Affiliate unless such transaction is (i) not otherwise prohibited in this Agreement, (ii) in the ordinary course of Sellers business and (iii) upon fair and reasonable terms no less favorable to Seller, as the case may be, than it would obtain in a comparable arms length transaction with a Person which is not an Affiliate. For the avoidance of doubt nothing herein prohibits Seller from making or paying any dividend or distributions to its members or shareholders on account of their equity interests in Seller.

(s)Organization. Seller shall not (i) cause or permit any change to be made in its name, organizational identification number, identity or corporate structure, each as described in Section 10(h) or (ii) change its jurisdiction of organization, unless it shall have provided Buyer 

45

LEGAL02/45709332v2

[***] written notice of such change and shall have first taken all action required by Buyer for the purpose of perfecting or protecting the lien and security interest of Buyer established hereunder.

(t)Mortgage Loan Reports. Upon request of Buyer, Seller will furnish to Buyer monthly electronic Mortgage Loan performance data, including, without limitation, a Mortgage Loan Schedule, delinquency reports, pool analytic reports and static pool reports (i.e., delinquency, foreclosure and net charge off reports) and monthly stratification reports summarizing the characteristics of the Mortgage Loans.

(u)Confidentiality. Seller shall comply with all applicable local, state and federal laws, including, without limitation, all privacy and data protection law, rules and regulations that are applicable to the Purchased Assets and/or any applicable terms of this Agreement (the Confidential Information). Seller understands that the Confidential Information may contain nonpublic personal information, as that term is defined in Section 509(4) of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (the GLB Act), and Seller agrees to maintain such nonpublic personal information that it receives hereunder in accordance with the GLB Act and other applicable federal and state privacy laws. Seller shall implement such physical and other security measures as shall be necessary to (a) ensure the security and confidentiality of the nonpublic personal information of the customers and consumers (as those terms are defined in the GLB Act) of Buyer or any Affiliate of Buyer which Buyer holds (b) protect against any threats or hazards to the security and integrity of such nonpublic personal information, and (c) protect against any unauthorized access to or use of such nonpublic personal information. Seller shall, at a minimum establish and maintain such data security program as is necessary to meet the objectives of the Interagency Guidelines Establishing Standards for Safeguarding Customer Information as set forth in the Code of Federal Regulations at 12 C.F.R. Parts 30, 208, 211, 225, 263, 308, 364, 568 and 570. Upon request, Seller will provide evidence reasonably satisfactory to allow Buyer to confirm that Seller has satisfied its obligations as required under this Section 11. Without limitation, this may include Buyers review of audits, summaries of test results, and other equivalent evaluations of Seller Seller shall notify Buyer immediately following discovery of any breach or compromise of the security, confidentiality, or integrity of nonpublic personal information of the customers and consumers of Buyer or any Affiliate of Buyer provided directly to Seller by Buyer or such Affiliate. Seller shall provide such notice to Buyer by personal delivery, by facsimile with confirmation of receipt, or by overnight courier with confirmation of receipt to the applicable requesting individual. 

(v)Approved Underwriting Guidelines. Seller shall not submit to Buyer for purchase, and Buyer shall have no obligation to purchase, any Mortgage Loan underwritten in accordance with underwriting guidelines, including amendments to Approved Underwriting Guidelines not expressly approved by Buyer, other than Approved Underwriting Guidelines. 

(w)Agency Approvals; Servicing. To the extent previously approved, Seller shall maintain all Agency Approvals and in each case shall remain in good standing with respect to such Agency Approvals. Should Seller, for any reason, cease to possess all such applicable Agency Approvals to the extent necessary, should Seller experience any change in its delegated underwriting authority from any Agency, or should notification of an adverse occurrence to the relevant Agency or to HUD, FHA, VA or RD be required, Seller shall so notify Buyer immediately in writing. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence and to the extent previously approved, Seller shall take all necessary action to maintain all of its applicable Agency Approvals at all times during the term of this Agreement and each outstanding Transaction. Seller shall maintain adequate financial standing, servicing facilities, procedures and experienced personnel necessary for the sound servicing of mortgage loans of the same types as may from time to time constitute Mortgage Loans and in accordance with Accepted Servicing Practices. 

46

LEGAL02/45709332v2

(x)Sharing of Information. Upon prior notice to Seller (provided that such prior notice shall not be required upon a Default or Event of Default), Seller hereby allows and consents to Buyer, subject to applicable law, exchanging information related to Seller, its credit, its mortgage loan originations and the Transactions hereunder with third party lenders, facility providers and Approved Investors (collectively, Third Party Participants), and Seller shall permit each Third Party Participant to share such similar information with Buyer; provided, in each case, such sharing shall be for the limited purpose of protecting the Buyers interests hereunder. 

(y)Reserved. 

(z)Takeout Payments. With respect to each Purchased Asset subject to a Takeout Commitment, Seller shall arrange that all payments under the related Takeout Commitment shall be paid directly to the Buyer pursuant to Section 3(e) hereof. 

(aa)Issuance of Agency Securities. If Purchased Mortgage Loans are pooled for the purpose of backing an Agency Security, Seller shall promptly deliver to the applicable Agency any and all documents necessary to enable such Agency to make Delivery to Buyer or its designee of an Agency Security backed by the related Purchased Mortgage Loans. Seller shall not revoke such instructions to an Agency.

(ab)QM/ATR Reporting. Seller shall deliver to Buyer, with reasonable promptness upon Buyers request, copies of all documentation in connection with the underwriting and origination of any Purchased Mortgage Loan that evidences compliance with the Ability to Repay Rule and the QM Rule.

(ac)Trade Assignment. Upon Custodian certifying a Purchased Mortgage Loan to an Agency for the issuance of an Agency Security backed by such Purchased Mortgage Loan and which Buyer is purchasing such Agency Security hereunder, Seller shall deliver to Buyer a Trade Assignment executed by Seller with respect to such Agency Security.

(ad)Use of Proceeds. Seller shall not knowingly use the proceeds of any Transaction hereunder to (i) pay any obligation of or amounts due to any Affiliate of Buyer, (ii) purchase any assets from or any assets financed by any Affiliate of Buyer; or (iii) purchase any securities issued by any Affiliate of Buyer.

(ae)Beneficial Ownership Certification. Seller shall at all times either (i) ensure that the Seller has delivered to Buyer a Beneficial Ownership Certification, if applicable, and that the information contained therein is true and correct in all respects or (ii) deliver to Buyer an updated Beneficial Ownership Certification within [***] following the date on which the information contained in any previously delivered Beneficial Ownership Certification ceases to be true and correct in all respects. To the extent Seller believes that it is excluded from the requirements of the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, Seller shall certify as such and provide the specific exclusion relied on. 

(af)MERS. Seller shall comply in all material respects with the rules and procedures of MERS in connection with the servicing of all Purchased Mortgage Loans that are registered with MERS and, with respect to Purchased Mortgage Loans that are eMortgage Loans, the maintenance of the related eNotes on the MERS eRegistry for as long as such Purchased Mortgage Loans are so registered. 

47

LEGAL02/45709332v2

SECTION 12.EVENTS OF DEFAULT

If any of the following events (each an Event of Default) occur, Buyer shall have the rights set forth in Section 13, as applicable: 

(a)Payment Default. Seller shall default in the payment of (i) any amount payable by it hereunder or under any other Program Document, (ii) Expenses (and such failure to pay Expenses shall continue for more than [***]) or (iii) any other Obligations, when the same shall become due and payable, whether at the due date thereof, or by acceleration or otherwise; or

(b)Representation and Warranty Breach. Any representation, warranty or certification made or deemed made herein or in any other Program Document by a Seller or any certificate furnished to Buyer pursuant to the provisions hereof or thereof or any information with respect to the Mortgage Loans furnished in writing by or on behalf of Seller shall prove to have been untrue or misleading in any material respect as of the time made or furnished (other than the representations and warranties set forth in Schedule 1, which shall be considered solely for the purpose of determining the Market Value of the Purchased Assets; unless (i) Seller shall have made any such representations and warranties with actual knowledge that they were materially false or misleading at the time made; or (ii) any such representations and warranties have been determined in good faith by Buyer in its sole discretion to be materially false or misleading on a regular basis); or

(c)Immediate Covenant Default. The failure of Seller to perform, comply with or observe any term, covenant or agreement applicable to Seller contained in any of Sections [***]); or 

(d)Additional Covenant Defaults. Seller shall fail to observe or perform any other covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement (and not identified in Section 12(c)) or any other Program Document, and if such default shall be capable of being remedied, and such failure to observe or perform shall continue unremedied for a period of (x) with respect to Section 11(z), [***]and (y) all other provisions, [***]; or 

(e)Judgments. A judgment or judgments for the payment of money in excess of the Litigation Threshold in the aggregate shall be rendered against Seller by one or more courts, administrative tribunals or other bodies having jurisdiction and the same shall not be satisfied, discharged (or provision shall not be made for such discharge) or bonded, or a stay of execution thereof shall not be procured, (I) within [***] from the date of entry thereof to the extent such judgment or judgments are less than $[***]; or (II) within thirty [***] from the date of entry thereof, if such judgment or judgments are $[***]or greater; or 

(f)Buyer Affiliate Cross-Default. Any event of default or any other default which permits a demand for, or requires, the early repayment of obligations due by Seller or its Affiliates under any agreement with Buyer or its Affiliates relating to any Indebtedness in excess of $[***] of Seller or any Affiliate, as applicable, or any default under any obligation when due with Buyer or its Affiliates; or

(g)Other Cross-Default. Any event of default or any other default shall have occurred and be continuing which permits a demand for, or requires, the early repayment of obligations due by Seller or its Affiliates under any note, indenture, loan agreement, guaranty, swap agreement, Hedge Agreement or other Indebtedness in excess of $[***]of Seller or any Affiliate to the extent not cured, waived or deemed not to exist after the application of any applicable waiver or cure period; or 

48

LEGAL02/45709332v2

(h)Insolvency Event. An Insolvency Event shall have occurred with respect to Seller or any Affiliate; or

(i)Enforceability. For any reason, this Agreement at any time shall not be in full force and effect in all material respects or shall not be enforceable in all material respects in accordance with its terms, or any Person (other than Buyer) shall contest the validity, enforceability, perfection or priority of any Lien granted pursuant thereto, or any party thereto (other than Buyer) shall seek to disaffirm, terminate, limit or reduce its obligations hereunder; or 

(j)Liens. Seller shall grant, or suffer to exist, any Lien on any Repurchase Asset (except any Lien in favor of Buyer and Permitted Encumbrances); or at least one of the following fails to be true (A) the Repurchase Assets shall have been sold to Buyer, or (B) the Liens contemplated hereby are first priority perfected Liens on a substantial portion of the Repurchase Assets in favor of Buyer; or

(k)Material Adverse Effect. A Material Adverse Effect shall have occurred, as determined by Buyer in its sole good faith discretion and not been waived in writing; or

(l)Change in Control. A Change in Control shall have occurred unless otherwise consented to by Buyer; or

(m)Going Concern. Any Financial Reporting Partys audited Financial Statements or notes thereto or other opinions or conclusions stated therein shall be qualified or limited by reference to the status of Seller as a going concern or reference of similar import; or

(n)Investigations. There shall occur the initiation of any investigation, audit, examination or review of a Seller by an Agency, any Governmental Authority, any trade association or consumer advocacy group relating to the origination, sale or servicing of mortgage loans by such Seller or the business operations of Seller is likely to cause a Material Adverse Effect, with the exception of normally scheduled audits or examinations by Sellers regulators; or

(o)Inability to Perform. An executive officer of Seller shall admit its inability to, or its intention not to, perform any of Sellers obligations; or

(p)Governmental Action. Seller shall become the subject of a cease and desist order of any Governmental Authority or enter into a memorandum of understanding or consent agreement with any Governmental Authority, any of which, would have, or is purportedly the result of any condition which would be reasonably likely to have, a Material Adverse Effect; or

SECTION 13.REMEDIES

(a)If an Event of Default occurs, the following rights and remedies are available to Buyer; provided, that an Event of Default shall be deemed to be continuing unless expressly waived by Buyer in writing.

(i)At the option of Buyer, exercised by written or electronic notice to Seller (which option shall be deemed to have been exercised, even if no notice is given, immediately upon the occurrence of an Insolvency Event of Seller or any Affiliate), the Repurchase Date for each Transaction hereunder, if it has not already occurred, shall be deemed immediately to occur.

(ii)If Buyer exercises or is deemed to have exercised the option referred to in subsection (a)(i) of this Section 13,

49

LEGAL02/45709332v2

(A)Sellers obligations in such Transactions to repurchase all Purchased Assets, at the Repurchase Price therefor on the Repurchase Date determined in accordance with subsection (a)(i) of this Section 13, (1) shall thereupon become immediately due and payable and (2) all Income paid after such exercise or deemed exercise shall be retained by Buyer and applied to the aggregate unpaid Repurchase Price and any other Obligations;

(B)to the extent permitted by any applicable Requirement of Law, the Repurchase Price with respect to each such Transaction shall be increased by the aggregate amount obtained by daily application of, on a 360 day per year basis for the actual number of days during the period from and including the date of the exercise or deemed exercise of such option to but excluding the date of payment of the Repurchase Price as so increased, (x) the Post-Default Rate in effect following an Event of Default to (y) the Repurchase Price for such Transaction as of the Repurchase Date as determined pursuant to subsection (a)(i) of this Section 13 (decreased as of any day by (i) any amounts applied by Buyer pursuant to clause (C) of this subsection, and (ii) any proceeds from the sale of Purchased Assets applied to the Repurchase Price pursuant to subsection (a)(iv) of this Section 13; and

(C)all Income actually received by Buyer pursuant to Section 5 shall be applied to the aggregate unpaid Obligations owed by Seller.

(iii)Upon the occurrence of one or more Events of Default, Buyer shall have the right to obtain (A) a physical transfer of the servicing of the Purchased Assets in accordance with Section 15(c) and (B) physical possession of all files of Seller relating to the Purchased Assets and the Repurchase Assets and all documents relating to the Purchased Assets which are then or may thereafter come in to the possession of Seller or any third party acting for Seller (including any Servicer) and Seller shall deliver to Buyer such assignments as Buyer shall request. Buyer shall be entitled to specific performance of all agreements of Seller contained in the Program Documents.

(iv)At any time on the Business Day following notice to Seller (which notice need not be given if an Event of Default under Section 12(h) shall have occurred with respect to any Seller and may be the notice given under subsection (a)(i) of this Section 13), in the event Seller has not repurchased all Purchased Assets, Buyer may (A) immediately sell, without demand or further notice of any kind, at a public or private sale, without any representations or warranties of Buyer and at such price or prices as Buyer may deem satisfactory any or all Purchased Assets and the Repurchase Assets subject to a such Transactions hereunder and apply the proceeds thereof to the aggregate unpaid Repurchase Prices and any other amounts owing by Seller hereunder or (B) in its sole discretion elect, in lieu of selling all or a portion of such Purchased Assets, to give Seller credit for such Purchased Assets and the Repurchase Assets in an amount equal to the Market Value of the Purchased Assets against the aggregate unpaid Repurchase Price and any other Obligations of Seller. The proceeds of any disposition of Purchased Assets and the Repurchase Assets shall be applied to Sellers Obligations as determined by Buyer in its sole discretion.

(v)Seller shall be liable to Buyer for (A) the amount of all reasonable legal or other expenses (including, without limitation, all costs and expenses of Buyer in connection with the enforcement of this Agreement or any other agreement evidencing a Transaction, whether in action, suit or litigation or bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar proceeding affecting creditors rights generally, further including, without limitation, the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel (including the costs of internal counsel of Buyer) incurred in connection with or as a result of an Event of Default, 

50

LEGAL02/45709332v2

(B) damages in an amount equal to the cost (including all fees, expenses and commissions) of Buyer entering into replacement transactions and entering into or terminating hedge transactions in connection with or as a result of an Event of Default, and (C) any other loss, damage, cost or expense directly arising or resulting from the occurrence of an Event of Default in respect of a Transaction.

(vi)Buyer shall have, in addition to its rights hereunder, any rights otherwise available to it under any other agreement or any applicable Requirement of Law.

(b)Buyer may exercise one or more of the remedies available hereunder immediately upon the occurrence of an Event of Default and at any time thereafter without notice to Seller. All rights and remedies arising under this Agreement as amended from time to time hereunder are cumulative and not exclusive of any other rights or remedies which Buyer may have.

(c)Seller recognizes that the market for the Purchased Assets may not be liquid and as a result it may not be possible for Buyer to sell all of the Purchased Assets on a particular Business Day, or in a transaction with the same purchaser, or in the same manner. In view of the nature of the Purchased Assets, the Seller agrees that liquidation of any Purchased Asset may be conducted in a private sale. Seller acknowledges and agrees that any such private sale may result in prices and other terms less favorable to Buyer than if such sale were a public sale, and notwithstanding such circumstances, agrees that any such private sale shall be deemed to have been made in a commercially reasonable manner. Seller further agrees that it would not be commercially unreasonable for Buyer to dispose of any Purchased Asset by using internet sites that provide for the auction or sale of assets similar to the Purchased Assets, or that have the reasonable capability of doing so, or that match buyers and sellers of assets.

(d)Buyer may enforce its rights and remedies hereunder without prior judicial process or hearing, and Seller hereby expressly waives any defenses Seller might otherwise have to require Buyer to enforce its rights by judicial process. Seller also waives any defense (other than a defense of payment or performance) Seller might otherwise have arising from the use of nonjudicial process, enforcement and sale of all or any portion of the Repurchase Assets, or from any other election of remedies. Seller recognizes that nonjudicial remedies are consistent with the usages of the trade, are responsive to commercial necessity and are the result of a bargain at arms length.

(e)To the extent permitted by any applicable Requirement of Law, Seller shall be liable to Buyer for interest (including post-petition interest) on any amounts owing by Seller hereunder, from the date Seller becomes liable for such amounts hereunder until such amounts are (i) paid in full by Seller or (ii) satisfied in full by the exercise of Buyers rights hereunder. Interest on any sum payable by Seller to Buyer under this Section 13(e) shall be at a rate equal to the Post-Default Rate.

(f)Without limiting the rights of Buyer hereto to pursue all other legal and equitable rights available to Buyer for Sellers failure to perform its obligations under this Agreement, Seller acknowledges and agree that the remedy at law for any failure to perform obligations hereunder would be inadequate and Buyer shall be entitled to seek specific performance, injunctive relief, or other equitable remedies in the event of any such failure. The availability of these remedies shall not prohibit Buyer from pursuing any other remedies for such breach, including the recovery of monetary damages.

51

LEGAL02/45709332v2

SECTION 14.INDEMNIFICATION AND EXPENSES; RECOURSE

(a)Seller agrees to hold Buyer, and its Affiliates and their officers, directors, employees, agents and advisors (each an Indemnified Party) harmless from and indemnify, on an after-Tax basis, any Indemnified Party against all liabilities, losses, damages, judgments, costs and expenses of any kind which may be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against such Indemnified Party (collectively, Costs), relating to or arising out of this Agreement (including, without limitation, as a result of a breach of any representation or warranty contained on Schedule 1), any other Program Document or any transaction contemplated hereby or thereby, or any amendment, supplement or modification of, or any waiver or consent under or in respect of, this Agreement, any other Program Document or any transaction contemplated hereby or thereby, that, in each case, results from anything other than the Indemnified Partys gross negligence or willful misconduct. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Seller agrees to hold any Indemnified Party harmless from and indemnify such Indemnified Party, on an after-Tax basis, against all Costs and Taxes incurred or assessed as a result of or otherwise in connection with the holding of the Mortgage Loans or Agency Securities or any failure by any Seller thereof to pay when due any Taxes for which such Person is liable, that result from anything other than the Indemnified Partys gross negligence or willful misconduct. In any suit, proceeding or action brought by an Indemnified Party in connection with this Agreement, any Mortgage Loan or Agency Security for any sum owing thereunder, or to enforce any provisions of any Mortgage Loan or Agency Security, Seller will save, indemnify on an after-Tax basis and hold such Indemnified Party harmless from and against all expense, loss or damage suffered by reason of any defense, set off, counterclaim, recoupment or reduction or liability whatsoever of the account debtor or obligor thereunder, arising out of a breach by Seller of any obligation thereunder or arising out of any other agreement, indebtedness or liability at any time owing to or in favor of such account debtor or obligor or its successors from Seller. Seller also agrees to reimburse an Indemnified Party as and when billed by such Indemnified Party for all the Indemnified Partys costs and expenses incurred in connection with the enforcement or the preservation of Buyers rights under this Agreement, any other Program Document or any transaction contemplated hereby or thereby, including without limitation the reasonable fees and disbursements of its counsel.

(b)Seller agrees to pay as and when billed by Buyer all of the out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by Buyer in connection with the development, preparation and execution of, and any amendment, supplement or modification to, this Agreement, any other Program Document or any other documents prepared in connection herewith or therewith. Seller agrees to pay as and when billed by Buyer all of the reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with the consummation and administration of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby including without limitation search and filing fees and all the reasonable fees, disbursements and expenses of counsel to Buyer. Seller agrees to pay Buyer all the reasonable out of pocket due diligence, inspection, testing and review costs and expenses incurred by Buyer with respect to Mortgage Loans submitted by Seller for purchase under this Agreement, including, but not limited to, those out of pocket costs and expenses incurred by Buyer pursuant to Sections 14(a) and 16 hereof.

(c)The obligations of Seller from time to time to pay the Repurchase Price, the Price Differential, the Obligations and all other amounts due under this Agreement shall be full recourse obligations of Seller.

SECTION 15.SERVICING

(a)Seller shall service the Purchased Mortgage Loans as agent for Buyer and in accordance with prudent mortgage loan servicing standards and procedures generally accepted in the mortgage banking industry and in accordance with all applicable requirements of the 

52

LEGAL02/45709332v2

Agencies, Requirement of Law, the provisions of any applicable servicing agreement, and the requirements of any applicable Takeout Commitment and the Approved Investor, so that the eligibility of the Mortgage Loan for purchase under such Takeout Commitment is not voided or reduced by such servicing and administration. 

(b)If any Mortgage Loan that is proposed to be sold on a Purchase Date is serviced by a servicer other than Seller or Cenlar FSB (a Subservicer), or if the servicing of any Mortgage Loan is to be transferred to a Subservicer, Seller shall provide a copy of the related servicing agreement and a Servicer Notice executed by such Subservicer (collectively, the Servicing Agreement) to Buyer prior to such Purchase Date or servicing transfer date, as applicable. Each such Servicing Agreement shall be in form and substance acceptable to Buyer. In addition, Seller shall have obtained the prior written consent of Buyer for such Subservicer to subservice the Mortgage Loans, which consent may be withheld in Buyers sole discretion. In no event shall Sellers use of a Subservicer relieve Seller of its obligations hereunder, and Seller shall remain liable under this Agreement as if Seller were servicing such Mortgage Loans directly. 

(c)Seller shall transfer actual servicing of each Purchased Mortgage Loan, together with all of the related Records in its possession, to Buyers designee and designate Buyers designee as the servicer in the MERS System upon the earliest of (i) the occurrence of a Default or Event of Default hereunder, (ii) the termination of Seller as interim servicer by Buyer pursuant to this Agreement or (iii) transfer of servicing to any entity approved by Buyer and the assumption thereof by such entity. Buyer shall have the right to terminate Seller as interim servicer of any of the Purchased Mortgage Loans, which right shall be exercisable at any time in Buyers sole discretion, upon written notice. Sellers transfer of the Records and servicing under this Section 15 shall be in accordance with customary standards in the industry and such transfer shall include the transfer of the gross amount of all escrows held for the related mortgagors (without reduction for unreimbursed advances or negative escrows). 

(d)During the period Seller is servicing the Purchased Mortgage Loans as agent for Buyer, Seller agrees that Buyer is the owner of the related Credit Files and Records and Seller shall at all times maintain and safeguard and cause the Subservicer to maintain and safeguard the Credit File for the Purchased Mortgage Loans (including photocopies or images of the documents delivered to Buyer), and accurate and complete records of its servicing of the Purchased Mortgage Loan; Sellers possession of the Credit Files and Records being for the sole purpose of servicing such Purchased Mortgage Loan and such retention and possession by Seller being in a custodial capacity only.

(e)At Buyers request, Seller shall promptly deliver to Buyer reports regarding the status of any Purchased Mortgage Loan being serviced by Seller, which reports shall include, but shall not be limited to, a description of any default thereunder for more than thirty (30) days or such other circumstances that could cause a material adverse effect on such Purchased Mortgage Loan, Buyers title to such Purchased Mortgage Loan or the collateral securing such Purchased Mortgage Loan; Seller may be required to deliver such reports until the repurchase of the Purchased Mortgage Loan by Seller. Seller shall notify Buyer by the fifth Business Day following the end of the calendar month if it becomes aware of any payment default that occurs under the Purchased Mortgage Loan or any default under any Servicing Agreement that would materially and adversely affect any Purchased Mortgage Loan subject thereto. 

(f)Seller shall release its custody of the contents of any Credit File or Mortgage File only (i) in accordance with the written instructions of Buyer, (ii) upon the consent of Buyer when such release is required as incidental to Sellers servicing of the Purchased 

53

LEGAL02/45709332v2

Mortgage Loan, is required to complete the Takeout Commitment or comply with the Takeout Commitment requirements, or (iii) as required by any applicable Requirement of Law. 

(g)Buyer reserves the right to appoint a successor servicer at any time to service any Purchased Mortgage Loan (each a Successor Servicer) in its sole discretion. If Buyer elects to make such an appointment due to a Default or Event of Default, Seller shall be assessed all costs and expenses incurred by Buyer associated with transferring the servicing of the Purchased Mortgage Loans to the Successor Servicer. In the event of such an appointment, Seller shall perform all acts and take all action so that any part of the Credit File and related Records held by Seller, together with all funds in the Custodial Account and other receipts relating to such Purchased Mortgage Loan, are promptly delivered to Successor Servicer, and shall otherwise reasonably cooperate with Buyer in effectuating such transfer. Seller shall have no claim for lost servicing income, lost profits or other damages if Buyer appoints a Successor Servicer hereunder and the servicing fee is reduced or eliminated. For the avoidance of doubt any termination of the Servicers rights to service by the Buyer as a result of a Default or an Event of Default shall be deemed part of an exercise of the Buyers rights to cause the liquidation, termination or acceleration of this Agreement. 

(h)For the avoidance of doubt, Seller retains no economic rights to the servicing of the Purchased Mortgage Loans provided that Seller shall continue to service the Purchased Mortgage Loans hereunder as part of its Obligations hereunder. As such, Seller expressly acknowledges that the Purchased Mortgage Loans are sold to Buyer on a servicing released basis.

SECTION 16.DUE DILIGENCE

(i)Seller acknowledges that Buyer has the right to perform continuing due diligence reviews with respect to the Mortgage Loans, Seller, Settlement Agents, Approved Investors and other parties which may be involved in or related to Transactions (collectively, Third Party Transaction Parties), from time to time, for purposes of verifying compliance with the representations, warranties and specifications made hereunder, or otherwise, and Seller agree that upon reasonable prior notice to Seller, unless an Event of Default shall have occurred, in which case no notice is required, Buyer or its authorized representatives will be permitted during normal business hours to examine, inspect, and make copies and extracts of, the Mortgage Files and any and all documents, records, agreements, instruments or information relating to such Mortgage Loans in the possession or under the control of Seller. Seller will use best efforts to cause Third Party Transaction Parties to cooperate with any due diligence requests of Buyer. Seller shall also make available to Buyer a knowledgeable financial or accounting officer for the purpose of answering questions respecting the Mortgage Files and the Mortgage Loans. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Seller acknowledges that Buyer may purchase Mortgage Loans from Seller based solely upon the information provided by Seller to Buyer in the Mortgage Loan Schedule and the representations, warranties and covenants contained herein, and that Buyer, at its option, has the right at any time to conduct a partial or complete due diligence review on some or all of the Mortgage Loans purchased in a Transaction, including, without limitation, ordering brokers price opinions, new credit reports and new appraisals on the related Mortgaged Properties and otherwise re-generating the information used to originate such Mortgage Loan. Buyer may underwrite such Mortgage Loans itself or engage a mutually agreed upon third party underwriter to perform such underwriting. Seller agrees to cooperate with Buyer and any third party underwriter in connection with such underwriting, including, but not 

54

LEGAL02/45709332v2

limited to, providing Buyer and any third party underwriter with access to any and all documents, records, agreements, instruments or information relating to such Mortgage Loans in the possession, or under the control, of Seller. Seller further agrees that it shall pay all out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by Buyer in connection with Buyers activities pursuant to this Section 16.

SECTION 17.ASSIGNABILITY

The rights and obligations of the parties under this Agreement and under any Transaction shall not be assigned by Seller without the prior written consent of Buyer. Buyer may from time to time assign all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement and the Program Documents to (i) any Affiliate of Buyer without the consent of Seller or (ii) any other party with the prior consent of Seller, pursuant to an executed assignment and acceptance by Buyer and assignee (Assignment and Acceptance), specifying the percentage or portion of such rights and obligations assigned and provided that all such assignees shall be subject to the confidentiality provisions of this Agreement. Upon such assignment, (a) such assignee shall be a party hereto and to each Program Document to the extent of the percentage or portion set forth in the Assignment and Acceptance, and shall succeed to the applicable rights and obligations of Buyer hereunder, and (b) Buyer shall, to the extent that such rights and obligations have been so assigned by it be released from its obligations hereunder and under the Program Documents. Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement and any Transactions shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective successors and assigns. Nothing in this Agreement express or implied, shall give to any Person, other than the parties to this Agreement and their successors hereunder, any benefit of any legal or equitable right, power, remedy or claim under this Agreement. Unless otherwise stated in the Assignment and Acceptance, Seller shall continue to take directions solely from Buyer unless otherwise notified by Buyer in writing. Upon prior written notice to Seller, Buyer may distribute to any prospective assignee any document or other information delivered to Buyer by Seller; provided that such prospective assignee agrees to hold such information subject to the confidentiality provisions of this Agreement. 

Buyer may sell participations to one or more Persons in or to all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement; provided, however, that (i) Buyers obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) Buyer shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations; and (iii) Seller shall continue to deal solely and directly with Buyer in connection with Buyers rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Program Documents except as provided in Section 7.

Buyer may, in connection with any assignment or participation or proposed assignment or participation pursuant to this Section 17, disclose to the assignee or participant or proposed assignee or participant, as the case may be, this Agreement, the other Program Documents, any information relating to Seller or any of its Subsidiaries or to any aspect of the Transactions that has been furnished to Buyer by or on behalf of Seller or any of its Subsidiaries; provided that such assignee or participant agrees to hold such information subject to the confidentiality provisions of this Agreement.

55

LEGAL02/45709332v2

In the event Buyer assigns all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement, the parties hereto agree to negotiate in good faith an amendment to this Agreement to add agency provisions similar to those included in agreements for similar syndicated repurchase facilities.

SECTION 18.TRANSFER AND MAINTENANCE OF REGISTER.

(a)Subject to acceptance and recording thereof pursuant to Section 18(b), from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Acceptance the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Acceptance, have the rights and obligations of Buyer under this Agreement. Any assignment or transfer by Buyer of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this Section 17 and Section 18 shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Buyer of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with Section 17 hereof.

(b)Buyer shall maintain, on Sellers behalf and for review by Seller upon written request, a register (the Register) on which it will record each Assignment and Acceptance and participation. The Register shall include the names and addresses of Buyer (including all assignees, successors and participants) and the percentage or portion of such rights and obligations assigned. Failure to make any such recordation, or any error in such recordation shall not affect Sellers obligations in respect of such rights. 

SECTION 19.HYPOTHECATION OR PLEDGE OF PURCHASED ASSETS

Title to all Purchased Assets and Repurchase Assets shall pass to Buyer and Buyer shall have free and unrestricted use of all Purchased Assets. Nothing in this Agreement shall preclude Buyer from engaging in repurchase transactions with the Purchased Assets or otherwise pledging, repledging, transferring, hypothecating, or rehypothecating the Purchased Assets to any Person, including without limitation, the Federal Home Loan Bank provided that Buyer provides Seller with written notice promptly after such engagement, pledge, transfer, hypothecation or rehypothecation with any such Person, in all cases subject to Buyers obligation to reconvey the Purchased Assets (and not substitutes therefor) on the Repurchase Date, all at no cost to Seller. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall obligate Buyer to segregate any Purchased Assets delivered to Buyer by Seller. 

Buyer may, in connection with any repurchase transaction or proposed repurchase transaction pursuant to this Section 19, disclose to the repledgee or proposed repledgee, as the case may be, this Agreement and the other Program Documents and any information relating to Seller or to any aspect of the Transactions that has been furnished to Buyer by or on behalf of Seller; provided that such repledgee agrees to hold such information subject to the confidentiality provisions of this Agreement.

SECTION 20.TAX TREATMENT

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Program Documents, each party to this Agreement acknowledges that it is its intent for U.S. federal, state and local income and franchise tax purposes to treat each Transaction as indebtedness of Seller that is secured by the Purchased Assets and the Purchased Assets as owned by Seller in the 

56

LEGAL02/45709332v2

absence of a Default by Seller. All parties to this Agreement agree to such treatment and agree to take no action inconsistent with this treatment, unless required by any Requirement of Law (in which case such party shall promptly notify the other party of such Requirement of Law).

SECTION 21.SET-OFF

In addition to any rights and remedies of Buyer hereunder and by law, Buyer shall have the right, without prior notice to Seller any such notice being expressly waived by Seller to the extent permitted by applicable law to set off and appropriate and apply against any Obligation from Seller or any Affiliate thereof to Buyer or any of its Affiliates any and all Property and deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final), in any currency, and any other obligation (including to return excess margin), credits, indebtedness or claims or cash, in any currency, in each case whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, at any time held or owing by or due from Buyer or any Affiliate thereof to or for the credit or the account of Seller or any Affiliate thereof. Buyer may set-off cash, the proceeds of the liquidation of any Repurchase Assets and all other sums or obligations owed by Buyer or its Affiliates to Seller or its Affiliates against all of Sellers or its Affiliates obligations to Buyer or its Affiliates, whether under this Agreement or under any other agreement between the parties or between Seller or its Affiliate and Buyer and any Affiliate of Buyer, or otherwise, whether or not such obligations are then due, without prejudice to Buyers or its Affiliates right to recover any deficiency. Buyer agrees promptly to notify the Seller after any such set-off and application made by Buyer; provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such set-off and application.

Buyer shall at any time have the right, in each case until such time as Buyer determines otherwise, to retain, to suspend payment or performance of, or to decline to remit, any amount or property that Buyer would otherwise be obligated to pay, remit or deliver to Seller hereunder if an Event of Default or Default has occurred.

SECTION 22.TERMINABILITY

Each representation and warranty made or deemed to be made by entering into a Transaction, herein or pursuant hereto shall survive the making of such representation and warranty, and Buyer shall not be deemed to have waived any Default that may arise because any such representation or warranty shall have proved to be false or misleading, notwithstanding that Buyer may have had notice or knowledge or reason to believe that such representation or warranty was false or misleading at the time the Transaction was made. Notwithstanding any such termination or the occurrence of an Event of Default, all of the representations and warranties and covenants hereunder shall continue and survive. The obligations of Seller under Section 14 hereof shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

SECTION 23.NOTICES AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS

Except as otherwise expressly permitted by this Agreement, all notices, requests and other communications provided for herein (including without limitation any modifications of, or waivers, requests or consents under, this Agreement) shall be given or made in writing 

57

LEGAL02/45709332v2

(including without limitation by electronic transmission) delivered to the intended recipient at the addresses set forth below. In all cases, to the extent that the related individual set forth in the respective Attention line is no longer employed by the respective Person, such notice may be given to the attention of a Responsible Officer of the respective Person or to the attention of such individual or individuals as subsequently notified in writing by a Responsible Officer of the respective Person. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement and except for notices given under Section 3 (which shall be effective only on receipt), all such communications shall be deemed to have been duly given when transmitted electronically or personally delivered or, in the case of a mailed notice, upon receipt, in each case given or addressed as aforesaid.

If to Seller: 

loanDepot.com, LLC 

6561 Irvine Center Drive

Irvine, CA 92618

Attention: [***]

Email: [***]

Telephone: ([***]

Facsimile: [***]

loanDepot.com, LLC 

6561 Irvine Center Drive

Irvine, CA 92618

Attention: General Counsel

Email: [***]

If to Buyer: 

UBS AG

1285 Avenue of the Americas

New York, NY 10019

Attention: [***]

Telephone: [***]

Email: [***]

With a copy to:

[***]

Executive Director & Counsel 

UBS Business Solutions LLC

11 Madison Avenue

New York, NY 10010

Phone: [***]

Email: [***]

And:

58

LEGAL02/45709332v2

[***]

SECTION 24.USE OF THE WAREHOUSE ELECTRONIC SYSTEM AND OTHER ELECTRONIC MEDIA 

Seller acknowledges and agrees that Buyer may require or permit certain transactions with Buyer be conducted electronically using Electronic Records and/or Electronic Signatures. Seller consents to the use of Electronic Records and/or Electronic Signatures whenever expressly required or permitted by Buyer and acknowledges and agrees that Seller shall be bound by its Electronic Signature and by the terms, conditions, requirements, information and/or instructions contained in any such Electronic Records.

Seller agrees to adopt as its Electronic Signature its user identification codes, passwords, personal identification numbers, access codes, a facsimile image of a written signature and/or other symbols or processes as provided or required by Buyer from time to time (as a group, any subgroup thereof or individually, hereinafter referred to as Sellers Electronic Signature). Seller acknowledges that Buyer will rely on any and all Electronic Records and on Sellers Electronic Signature transmitted or submitted to Buyer.

Buyer shall not be liable for the failure of either its or Sellers internet service provider, or any other telecommunications company, telephone company, satellite company or cable company to timely, properly and accurately transmit any Electronic Record or fax copy.

Before engaging in Electronic Transactions with Seller, Buyer may provide Seller, or require Seller to create, user identification codes, passwords, personal identification numbers and/or access codes, as applicable, to permit access to Buyers computer information processing system. Each Person permitted access to the Warehouse Electronic System must have a separate identification code and password. Seller shall be fully responsible for protecting and safeguarding any and all user identification codes, passwords, personal identification numbers and access codes provided or required by Buyer. Seller shall adopt and maintain security measures designed to prevent the loss, theft or unauthorized or improper disclosure or use of any and all user identification codes, passwords, personal identification numbers and/or access codes by Persons other than the individual Person who is authorized to use such information. Seller shall notify Buyer promptly, but in any event, no later than [***] in the event (i) of any loss, theft or unauthorized disclosure or use of any of the user identification codes, passwords, personal identification numbers and/or access codes or (ii) Seller has any reason to believe there has been a breach of security or that its access to Warehouse Electronic System is no longer secure for any reason.

Seller and Buyer each understands and agrees that it shall be fully responsible for protecting and safeguarding its computer hardware and software from any and all (a) computer viruses, time bombs, trojan horses or other harmful computer information, commands, codes or programs that may cause or facilitate the destruction, corruption, malfunction or 

59

LEGAL02/45709332v2

appropriation of, or damage or change to, any of Sellers or Buyers computer information processing systems, including without limitation, all hardware, software, Electronic Records, information, data and/or codes and (b) computer worms, trap doors or other harmful computer information, commands, codes or programs that enable unauthorized access to Sellers and/or Buyers computer information processing systems, including without limitation, all hardware, software, Electronic Records, information, data and/or codes.

Seller agrees that Buyer may, in its sole discretion and from time to time, without limiting Sellers liability set forth herein, establish minimum security standards that Seller must, at a minimum, comply with in an effort to (x) protect and safeguard any and all user identification codes, passwords, personal identification numbers and/or access codes from loss, theft or unauthorized disclosure or use; and (y) prevent the infiltration and infection of Sellers hardware and/or software by any and all computer viruses, time bombs, trojan horses, worms, trapdoors or other harmful computer codes or programs.

If Buyer, from time to time, establishes minimum security standards, Seller shall comply with such minimum security standards within the time period reasonably established by Buyer. Buyer shall have the right to confirm Sellers compliance with any such minimum security standards. Sellers compliance with such minimum security standards shall not relieve Seller from any of its liability set forth herein. 

Whether or not Buyer establishes minimum security standards, Seller shall continue to be fully responsible for adopting and maintaining security measures that are consistent with industry practices as they relate to the risks associated with conducting electronic transactions with Buyer. Sellers failure to adopt and maintain appropriate security measures or to comply with any minimum security standards established by Buyer may result in, among other things, termination of Sellers access to Buyers computer information processing systems. 

Seller understands and agrees that certain elements or components of the Warehouse Electronic System may be provided by Sellers third party vendors, and hereby holds Buyer harmless from any liabilities, losses, damages, judgments, costs and expenses of any kind which may be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against Seller relating to or arising out of Sellers use of the Warehouse Electronic System including without limitation, the use of any elements or components provided by Sellers third party vendors. 

SECTION 25.ENTIRE AGREEMENT; SEVERABILITY; SINGLE AGREEMENT

This Agreement, together with the Program Documents, constitute the entire understanding between Buyer and Seller with respect to the subject matter they cover and shall supersede any existing agreements between the parties containing general terms and conditions for repurchase transactions involving Purchased Assets. By acceptance of this Agreement, Buyer and Seller each acknowledge that they have not made, and are not relying upon, any statements, representations, promises or undertakings not contained in this Agreement. Each provision and agreement herein shall be treated as separate and independent from any other provision or agreement herein and shall be enforceable notwithstanding the unenforceability of any such other provision or agreement.

60

LEGAL02/45709332v2

Buyer and Seller acknowledge that, and have entered hereinto and will enter into each Transaction hereunder in consideration of and in reliance upon the fact that, all Transactions hereunder constitute a single business and contractual relationship and that each has been entered into in consideration of the other Transactions. Accordingly, each of Buyer and Seller agrees (i) to perform all of its obligations in respect of each Transaction hereunder, and that a default in the performance of any such obligations shall constitute a default by it in respect of all Transactions hereunder, (ii) that Buyer shall be entitled to set off claims and apply property held by it in respect of any Transaction against obligations owing to it in respect of any other Transaction hereunder to the extent that Seller fails to meet the Obligations; (iii) that payments, deliveries, and other transfers made by either of them in respect of any Transaction shall be deemed to have been made in consideration of payments, deliveries, and other transfers in respect of any other Transactions hereunder, and the obligations to make any such payments, deliveries, and other transfers may be applied against each other and netted and (iv) to promptly provide notice to the other after any such set off or application.

SECTION 26.GOVERNING LAW

THIS AGREEMENT AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT, AND/OR THE INTERPRETATION AND ENFORCEMENT OF THE RIGHTS AND DUTIES OF THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL LAWS AND DECISIONS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CHOICE OF LAW RULES THEREOF. THE PARTIES HERETO INTEND THAT THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 5-1401 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW SHALL APPLY TO THIS AGREEMENT. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY, THE EFFECTIVENESS, VALIDITY AND ENFORCEABILITY OF ELECTRONIC CONTRACTS, OTHER RECORDS, ELECTRONIC RECORDS AND ELECTRONIC SIGNATURES USED IN CONNECTION WITH ANY ELECTRONIC TRANSACTION BETWEEN BUYER AND SELLER SHALL BE GOVERNED BY E-SIGN.

SECTION 27.SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION; WAIVERS

BUYER AND SELLER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY:

(i)SUBMITS FOR ITSELF AND ITS PROPERTY IN ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER PROGRAM DOCUMENTS, OR FOR RECOGNITION AND ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT IN RESPECT THEREOF, TO THE EXCLUSIVE GENERAL JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, THE FEDERAL COURTS OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND APPELLATE COURTS FROM ANY THEREOF;

(ii)CONSENTS THAT ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE BROUGHT IN SUCH COURTS AND, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY 

61

LEGAL02/45709332v2

LAW, WAIVES ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE VENUE OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT OR THAT SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING WAS BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT COURT AND AGREES NOT TO PLEAD OR CLAIM THE SAME;

(iii)RESERVED; 

(iv)AGREES THAT NOTHING HEREIN SHALL AFFECT THE RIGHT TO EFFECT SERVICE OF PROCESS IN ANY MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW OR SHALL LIMIT THE RIGHT TO SUE IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION; AND

(v)HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER PROGRAM DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY.

SECTION 28.NO WAIVERS, ETC.

No failure on the part of Buyer to exercise and no delay in exercising, and no course of dealing with respect to, any right, power or privilege under any Program Document shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege under any Program Document preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. The remedies provided herein are cumulative and not exclusive of any remedies provided by law. An Event of Default shall be deemed to be continuing unless expressly waived by Buyer in writing.

SECTION 29.NETTING

If Buyer and Seller are financial institutions as now or hereinafter defined in Section 4402 of Title 12 of the United States Code (Section 4402) and any rules or regulations promulgated thereunder (a) all amounts to be paid or advanced by one party to or on behalf of the other under this Agreement or any Transaction hereunder shall be deemed to be payment obligations and all amounts to be received by or on behalf of one party from the other under this Agreement or any Transaction hereunder shall be deemed to be payment entitlements within the meaning of Section 4402, and this Agreement shall be deemed to be a netting contract as defined in Section 4402; (b) the payment obligations and the payment entitlements of the parties hereto pursuant to this Agreement and any Transaction hereunder shall be netted as follows. In the event that either party (the Defaulting Party) shall fail to honor any payment obligation under this Agreement or any Transaction hereunder, the other party (the Nondefaulting Party) shall be entitled to reduce the amount of any payment to be made by the Nondefaulting Party to the Defaulting Party by the amount of the payment obligation that the Defaulting Party failed to honor.

62

LEGAL02/45709332v2

SECTION 30.CONFIDENTIALITY

Buyer and Seller hereby acknowledge and agree that all written or computer-readable information provided by one party to any other regarding the terms set forth in any of the Program Documents or the Transactions contemplated thereby (the Confidential Terms) shall be kept confidential and shall not be divulged to any party without the prior written consent of such other party except to the extent that (i) it is necessary to do so in working with legal counsel, auditors, taxing authorities or other governmental agencies or regulatory bodies or in order to comply with any applicable federal or state laws, (ii) any of the Confidential Terms are in the public domain other than due to a breach of this covenant, (iii) in the event of an Event of Default Buyer determines such information to be necessary or desirable to disclose in connection with the marketing and sales of the Purchased Assets or otherwise to enforce or exercise Buyers rights hereunder or (iv) by Buyer in connection with any marketing material undertaken by Buyer provided that such material does not refer to Seller by name or otherwise contain information such that it can reasonably be derived such information relates to Seller; provided further, that nothing contained in this Agreement shall serve to (i) restrict any brokerage, research, investment management or trading activities conducted in the ordinary course of business (which includes arbitrage activities) by UBS Group AG, its employees or any other affiliates of UBS Group AG (collectively, UBS Parties) either for their own account or for the accounts of their customers; or (ii) restrict any investment banking and merger/acquisition activity performed in the ordinary course of the business of UBS Parties or its affiliates; provided that with respect to (i) or (ii) hereinabove, the individuals engaged in any of the foregoing activities have not reviewed the Confidential Terms or otherwise been informed by those who have reviewed it of the contents thereof. In addition, Seller may disclose the Confidential Terms with prior (if feasible) written notice to Buyer, any disclosures or filing required under Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) or state securities laws; provided that Seller shall not file the Pricing Letter without Buyers prior written consent.

Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Program Document, the parties hereto may disclose to any and all Persons, without limitation of any kind, the federal, state and local tax treatment of the Transactions, any fact relevant to understanding the federal, state and local tax treatment of the Transactions, and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) relating to such federal, state and local tax treatment and that may be relevant to understanding such tax treatment; provided that except as set forth in the preceding paragraph, Seller may not disclose the name of or identifying information with respect to Buyer, its Affiliates or any other Indemnified Party, or any pricing terms (including, without limitation, the Pricing Rate, Warehouse Fees and, Purchase Price) or other nonpublic business or financial information (including any sublimits and financial covenants) that is unrelated to the federal, state and local tax treatment of the Transactions and is not relevant to understanding the federal, state and local tax treatment of the Transactions, without the prior written consent of Buyer. The provisions set forth in this Section 30 shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

63

LEGAL02/45709332v2

SECTION 31.INTENT

(a)The parties recognize that each Transaction is a repurchase agreement as that term is defined in Section 101 of Title 11 of the Bankruptcy Code, as amended and a securities contract as that term is defined in Section 741 of Title 11 of the Bankruptcy Code, as amended and that all payments hereunder are deemed margin payments or settlement payments as defined in Title 11 of the Bankruptcy Code and that the pledge of the Repurchase Assets constitutes a security agreement or other arrangement or other credit enhancement that is related to this Agreement and Transactions hereunder within the meaning of Sections 101(38A)(A), 101(47)(A)(v) and 741(7)(A)(xi) of the Bankruptcy Code. The parties further recognize and intend that this Agreement is an agreement to provide financial accommodations and is not subject to assumption pursuant to Bankruptcy Code Section 365(a).

(b)This Agreement is intended to be a repurchase agreement and a securities contract, within the meaning of Section 555 and Section 559 under the Bankruptcy Code. It is understood that either partys right to liquidate Purchased Assets delivered to it in connection with Transactions hereunder or to exercise any other remedies pursuant to Section 13 hereof is a contractual right to liquidate such Transaction as described in Sections 555 and 559 of Title 11 of the Bankruptcy Code, as amended; any payments or transfers of property made with respect to this Agreement or any Transaction to satisfy a Margin Deficit shall be considered a margin payment as such term is defined in Bankruptcy Code Section 741(5). 

(c)The parties hereby agree that any provisions hereof or in any other document, agreement or instrument that is related in any way to the servicing of the Purchased Mortgage Loans shall be deemed related to this Agreement within the meaning of Sections 101(38A)(A) and 101(47)(A)(v) of the Bankruptcy Code and part of the contract as such term is used in Section 741 of the Bankruptcy Code.

(d)The parties agree and acknowledge that if a party hereto is an insured depository institution, as such term is defined in the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, as amended (FDIA), then each Transaction hereunder is a qualified financial contract, a repurchase agreement and a securities contract as such terms are defined in FDIA and any rules, orders or policy statements thereunder.

(e)It is understood that this Agreement constitutes a netting contract as defined in and subject to Title IV of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 (FDICIA) and each payment entitlement and payment obligation under any Transaction hereunder shall constitute a covered contractual payment entitlement or covered contractual payment obligation, respectively, as defined in and subject to FDICIA (except insofar as one or both of the parties is not a financial institution as that term is defined in FDICIA).

(f)Each party intends that this Agreement constitutes and shall be construed and interpreted as a master netting agreement within the meaning of and as such terms are used in Section 561 of the Bankruptcy Code and each party agrees that this Agreement is intended to create mutuality of obligations among the parties, and as such, this Agreement constitutes a contract which (i) is between all of the parties and (ii) places each party in the same right and capacity.

SECTION 32.DISCLOSURE RELATING TO CERTAIN FEDERAL PROTECTIONS

The parties acknowledge that they have been advised that (a) in the case of Transactions in which one of the parties is a broker or dealer registered with the Securities and 

64

LEGAL02/45709332v2

Exchange Commission (SEC) under Section 15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (1934 Act), the Securities Investor Protection Corporation has taken the position that the provisions of the Securities Investor Protection Act of 1970 (SIPA) do not protect the other party with respect to any Transaction hereunder and (b) in the case of Transactions in which one of the parties is a financial institution, funds held by the financial institution pursuant to a Transaction hereunder are not a deposit and therefore are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or the National Credit Union Share Insurance Fund, as applicable.

SECTION 33.CONFLICTS

In the event of any conflict between the terms of this Agreement, any other Program Document and any Confirmation, the documents shall control in the following order of priority: first, the terms of the Confirmation shall prevail, then the terms of this Agreement shall prevail, and then the terms of the other Program Document shall prevail.

SECTION 34.MISCELLANEOUS

(a)Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument, and any of the parties hereto may execute this Agreement by signing any such counterpart. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement in Portable Document Format (PDF) or by facsimile shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed original counterpart of this Agreement. The parties agree that this Agreement, any addendum or amendment hereto or any other document necessary for the consummation of the transaction contemplated by this Agreement may be accepted, executed or agreed to through the use of an electronic signature in accordance with the E-Sign, the UETA and any applicable state law. Any document accepted, executed or agreed to in conformity with such laws will be binding on all parties hereto to the same extent as if it were physically executed and each party hereby consents to the use of any secure third party electronic signature capture service providers, as long as such service providers use system logs and audit trails that establish a temporal and process link between the presentation of identity documents and the electronic signing, together with identifying information that can be used to verify the electronic signature and its attribution to the signers identity and evidence of the signers agreement to conduct the transaction electronically and of the signers execution of each electronic signature.

(b)Captions. The captions and headings appearing herein are for included solely for convenience of reference and are not intended to affect the interpretation of any provision of this Agreement.

(c)Acknowledgment. Each party hereby acknowledges that (i) it has been advised by counsel in the negotiation, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Program Documents; (ii) neither party has a fiduciary relationship to the other party; and (iii) no joint venture exists between Buyer and Seller.

(d)Documents Mutually Drafted. Seller and Buyer agree that this Agreement each other Program Document prepared in connection with the Transactions set forth herein have been mutually drafted and negotiated by each party, and consequently such documents shall not be construed against either party as the drafter thereof.

(e)Amendments. This Agreement and each other Program Document may be amended from time to time, in writing and duly executed by the parties hereto. 

65

LEGAL02/45709332v2

(f)Acknowledgement of Anti Predatory Lending Policies. Buyer has in place internal policies and procedures that expressly prohibit its purchase of any High Cost Mortgage Loan.

(g)Authorizations. Any of the persons whose signatures and titles appear on Schedule 2 are authorized, acting singly, to act for Seller, under this Agreement. 

SECTION 35.GENERAL INTERPRETIVE PRINCIPLES

For purposes of this Agreement, except as otherwise expressly provided or unless the context otherwise requires: (a) the terms defined in this Agreement have the meanings assigned to them in this Agreement and include the plural as well as the singular, and the use of any gender herein shall be deemed to include the other gender; (b) accounting terms not otherwise defined herein have the meanings assigned to them in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) references herein to Articles, Sections, Subsections, Paragraphs, and other subdivisions without reference to a document are to designated Articles, Sections, Subsections, Paragraphs and other subdivisions of this Agreement; (d) a reference to a Subsection without further reference to a Section is a reference to such Subsection as contained in the same Section in which the reference appears, and this rule shall also apply to Paragraphs and other subdivisions; (e) the words herein, hereof, hereunder and other words of similar import refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision; (f) the term include or including shall mean without limitation by reason of enumeration; (g) all times specified herein or in any other Program Document (unless expressly specified otherwise) are local times in New York, New York unless otherwise stated; and (h) all references herein or in any Program Document to good faith means good faith as defined in Section 1-201(b)(20) of the UCC as in effect in the State of New York. 

SECTION 36.AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT

Buyer and Seller previously entered into the Existing Repurchase Agreement. Buyer and Seller desire to enter into this Agreement in order to amend and restate the Existing Repurchase Agreement in its entirety. The amendment and restatement of the Existing Repurchase Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date, and each of Buyer and Seller shall hereafter be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the other Program Agreements. This Agreement amends and restates the terms and conditions of the Existing Repurchase Agreement and is not a novation of any of the agreements or obligations incurred pursuant to the terms thereof. Accordingly, all of the agreements and obligations incurred pursuant to the terms of the Existing Repurchase Agreement are hereby ratified and affirmed by the parties hereto and remain in full force and effect. For the avoidance of doubt, it is the intent of Buyer and Seller that the security interests and liens granted in the Purchased Assets pursuant to Section 8 of the Existing Repurchase Agreement shall continue in full force and effect. All references to the Existing Repurchase Agreement in any Program Agreement or other document or instrument delivered in connection therewith shall be deemed to refer to this Agreement and the provisions hereof.

[THIS SPACE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

66

LEGAL02/45709332v2

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have entered into this Agreement as of the date set forth above.

BUYER:

UBS AG, BY AND THROUGH ITS BRANCH OFFICE AT 1285 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS, NEW YORK, NEW YORK

By: 

Name:

Title:

By: 

Name:

Title:

Signature Page to the Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement

LEGAL02/45709332v2

SELLER:

LOANDEPOT.COM, LLC

By: 

Name:

Title:

Signature Page to the Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement

LEGAL02/45709332v2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ldi-20250415.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ldi-20250415_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ldi-20250415_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(b) Security 
Title of 12(b) Security 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Document Information [Line Items] 
Document Information [Line Items] 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Document Information [Table] 
Document Information [Table] 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ldi-20250415_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 15, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Apr. 15, 2025

Entity Registrant Name loanDepot, Inc.

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-40003

Entity Tax Identification Number 85-3948939

Entity Address, Address Line One 6561 Irvine Center Drive

Entity Address, City or Town Irvine

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 92618

City Area Code (888)

Local Phone Number 337-6888

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Class A Common Stock, $0.001 Par Value

Trading Symbol LDI

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001831631

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Period End Date Apr. 15, 2025

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
0000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://www.loandepot.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ldi-20250415.htm 
ldi-20250415.xsd 
ldi-20250415_def.xml 
ldi-20250415_lab.xml 
ldi-20250415_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001831631-25-000060-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>ldi-20250415_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001831631 

2025-04-15 
2025-04-15 

false 
0001831631 
8-K 
2025-04-15 
loanDepot, Inc. 
DE 
001-40003 
85-3948939 
6561 Irvine Center Drive 
Irvine 
CA 
92618 
(888) 
337-6888 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A Common Stock, $0.001 Par Value 
LDI 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>