<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-028625.txt : 20250218
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-028625.hdr.sgml : 20250218
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250218162217
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-028625
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		21
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250216
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250218
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250218

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Shift4 Payments, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001794669
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				843676340
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39313
		FILM NUMBER:		25635230

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3501 CORPORATE PARKWAY
		CITY:			CENTER VALLEY
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			18034
		BUSINESS PHONE:		888.276.2108 X1220

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3501 CORPORATE PARKWAY
		CITY:			CENTER VALLEY
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			18034
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d916492d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

0001794669false00017946692025-02-162025-02-16

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

February 16, 2025

Date of Report (date of earliest event reported)

SHIFT4 PAYMENTS, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-39313 84-3676340

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification Number)

3501 Corporate Pkwy

Center Valley, PA18034

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(888) 276-2108

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

N/A

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 FOUR The New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Transaction Agreement 

On February 16, 2025, Shift4 Payments, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Shift4), entered into a Transaction Agreement (the Transaction Agreement) with Global Blue Group Holding AG, a stock corporation incorporated under the laws of Switzerland (Global Blue). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Transaction Agreement.

Pursuant to the Transaction Agreement, and upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein, Shift4 has agreed to file with the commercial register of the Canton of Zurich the documentation for the formation of a new wholly-owned Swiss limited liability company (Merger Sub), and following such registration of Merger Sub, cause Merger Sub to commence as promptly as reasonably practicable (but in no event later than 25 business days following the date of the Transaction Agreement), a tender offer (the Offer) to acquire all of the outstanding (i) registered ordinary shares, nominal value of CHF 0.01 per share, of Global Blue (the Global Blue Common Shares), at a price per share equal to $7.50 (the Common Shares Consideration), (ii) registered series A convertible preferred shares, nominal value of CHF 0.01 per share, of Global Blue (the Global Blue Series A Shares), at a price per share equal to $10.00 (the Series A Shares Consideration), and (iii) registered series B convertible preferred shares, nominal value of CHF 0.01 per share, of Global Blue (the Global Blue Series B Shares, and together with the Global Blue Common Shares and the GB Series A Shares, the Global Blue Shares), at a price per share equal to $11.81 (the Series B Shares Consideration, and together with the Common Shares Consideration and the Series A Shares Consideration, the Offer Consideration).

The Offer will remain open for 20 business days (as calculated in accordance with Rule 14d-1(g)(3) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Exchange Act) from (and including) the date of commencement of the Offer, unless extended in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Agreement, including until all conditions to the Offer have been satisfied or waived and as required by the applicable rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC).

Pursuant to the Transaction Agreement, Merger Subs obligation (and Shift4s obligation to cause Merger Sub) to accept for payment (such time of acceptance, the Acceptance Time) and pay for any Global Blue Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer is subject to customary conditions, including that, prior to the expiration of the Offer: (i) there be validly tendered and not properly withdrawn a number of Global Blue Shares that, together with any Global Blue Shares directly or indirectly owned by Shift4 or Merger Sub, would represent at least 90% of all the Global Blue Shares outstanding at the Acceptance Time (excluding any Global Blue Shares held by Global Blue) (the Minimum Condition); (ii) no governmental entity of competent jurisdiction in certain applicable jurisdictions shall have enacted or promulgated any law or order (whether temporary, preliminary or permanent) to prohibit, restrain, enjoin or make illegal the consummation of the Offer that remains in effect; (iii) certain required regulatory approvals shall have been obtained, received or deemed to have been received or in the case of any applicable waiting period, such waiting period shall have terminated or expired, in each case, either unconditionally or subject only to conditions the satisfaction of which would not have a Burdensome Effect (as defined below); (iv) the Transaction Agreement shall not have been terminated; (v) Global Blue shall have obtained a written confirmation of the Swiss Federal Tax Administration confirming that the transaction structure does not result in Swiss withholding tax being triggered or imposed on Global Blue or Merger Sub as a result of or in connection with the Merger (as defined below) pursuant to the liquidation by proxy doctrine (stellvertretende Liquidation); and (v) certain other customary conditions set forth in the Transaction Agreement, including on Annex C of the Transaction Agreement.

Following the completion of the Offer and provided that at such time Shift4 directly or indirectly has acquired or controls at least 90% of the then outstanding Global Blue Shares (excluding Global Blue Shares held by Global Blue), Shift4 and Global Blue intend that, in accordance with the laws of Switzerland, and a merger agreement (the Merger Agreement) to be entered into between Merger Sub and Global Blue following the Acceptance Time, Merger Sub and Global Blue will consummate a statutory squeeze-out merger pursuant to which Global Blue will be merged with and into Merger Sub in accordance with Article 8 (2) of the Swiss Merger Act, and Merger Sub will continue as the surviving entity (the Merger). At the effective time of the Merger, each Global Blue Share (other than Global Blue Shares owned by Shift4 or Merger Sub) that is not validly tendered and accepted

pursuant to the Offer after the Acceptance Time will thereupon be cancelled by operation of law as of the deletion of Global Blue from the commercial register in accordance with Article 21 (3) of the Swiss Merger Act and converted into the right to receive consideration equal to the applicable Offer Consideration for the Global Blue Common Shares, Global Blue Series A Shares and Global Blue Series B Shares, and each Global Blue Share owned by Shift4 or Merger Sub will thereupon be deemed cancelled without any conversion thereof, in each case, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement.

At the Acceptance Time, each option to purchase the Global Blue Common Shares (each, a Global Blue Stock Option), whether vested or unvested, that is outstanding and unexercised as of immediately prior to the Acceptance Time and has an exercise price per Global Blue Stock Option that is less than the Common Shares Consideration shall be cancelled and, in exchange therefore, Shift4 shall pay to each holder of any such cancelled Global Blue Stock Option promptly immediately following the Acceptance Time (and in no event later than five days following the Acceptance Time) an amount in cash equal to the product, rounded down to the nearest cent, of (i) the excess, if any, of the Common Shares Consideration over the exercise price per Global Blue Common Share of such Global Blue Stock Option and (ii) the total number of the Global Blue Common Shares subject to such Global Blue Stock Option. If the exercise price per Share of any Global Blue Stock Option is equal to or greater than the Offer Consideration, such Global Blue Stock Option shall be automatically cancelled for no consideration and shall have no further force or effect. Each Global Blue Stock Option with an exercise price per Global Blue Stock Option that equals or exceeds the Common Shares Consideration shall be deemed cancelled under the respective plan documentation without payment of any consideration in respect thereof, and all rights with respect to such Global Blue Stock Option shall be deemed terminated as of the Acceptance Time.

Additionally, at the Acceptance Time, each award of restricted Global Blue Common Shares (or a portion thereof) granted by Global Blue (each, a Restricted Share Award) that vests as of immediately prior to the Acceptance Time (after giving effect to any accelerated vesting) (a Vested Restricted Share Award) shall be cancelled and, in exchange therefore, Shift4 shall pay to each holder of any such cancelled Vested Restricted Share Award immediately following the Acceptance Time (and in no event later than five days following the Acceptance Time) an amount in cash equal to the product, rounded down to the nearest cent, of (i) the Common Shares Consideration and (ii) the total number of Global Blue Common Shares subject to such Vested Restricted Share Award as of immediately prior to the Acceptance Time. For each Restricted Share Award that is not a Vested Restricted Share Award (an Unvested Restricted Share Award), such Unvested Restricted Share Award shall, at the Acceptance Time, be cancelled and converted into the right to receive an amount in cash, payable by Shift4, equal to the product of (x) the Common Shares Consideration and (y) the total number of Global Blue Common Shares subject to such Unvested Restricted Share Award as of immediately prior to the Acceptance Time (the Unvested Restricted Share Award Consideration), which will vest and become payable at the same time as the Unvested Restricted Share Award from which such Unvested Restricted Share Award Consideration was converted would have vested pursuant to its terms and shall otherwise remain subject to the same terms and conditions as were applicable to the corresponding Unvested Restricted Share Award immediately prior to the Acceptance Time, except that no performance-based vesting metrics shall apply from and after the Acceptance Time.

At the Acceptance Time, each warrant of Global Blue that is outstanding immediately prior to the Acceptance Time shall be treated in accordance with and receive consideration upon exercise thereof as set forth in the Warrant Agreement.

The Transaction Agreement contains representations, warranties and covenants of Shift4 and Global Blue that are customary for a transaction of this nature, including, among others, using respective reasonable best efforts to take all such actions necessary under the Transaction Agreement, the Merger Agreement and applicable Law to obtain the Transaction Approvals to make effective the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreement. Additionally, Shift 4 is required to take all actions necessary or advisable under applicable law to enable the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreement to occur as expeditiously as possible, and to resolve, avoid or eliminate any impediments or objections, including divestitures, termination or existing relationships and ventures and other undertakings that may restrict Shift4s freedom to operate its business, unless such action would, or would reasonably be expected to have, a material adverse effect on either Shift4 and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or Global Blue and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole (a Burdensome Effect). During the period from the date of the Transaction Agreement to the Acceptance Time, Global Blue has agreed, as to itself and its subsidiaries, to use reasonable best efforts to, subject to certain exceptions, (x) conduct its business in the ordinary course of business in all material respects and (y) preserve its relationships with employees, individual service providers, customers, suppliers and other persons with whom Global Blue or any of its subsidiaries has significant business relations.

Subject to certain limited exceptions, during the period from the date of the Transaction Agreement through the Acceptance Time, Global Blue has agreed not to, directly or indirectly, solicit, initiate, propose, knowingly encourage or knowingly facilitate any inquiry, discussion, offer or request that constitutes, or would reasonably be expected to lead to a Company Takeover Proposal, or take certain other restricted actions in connection therewith. Notwithstanding this limitation, prior to the Acceptance Time, subject to customary limitations and conditions set forth in the Transaction Agreement, Global Blue may participate in any discussions or negotiations with, furnish information to or waive, modify or elect not to enforce any confidentiality or standstill or similar obligation of a third party that has made a Company Takeover Proposal that the board of directors of Global Blue (the Global Blue Board) has determined in good faith (after consultation with outside legal counsel and financial advisors), either constitutes or would reasonable be likely to lead to a Company Superior Proposal.

The Transaction Agreement contains certain termination rights for each of Shift4 and Global Blue, including, among others, for the failure to consummate the Offer on or before September 30, 2025 (subject to extension through February 16, 2026 by Shift4 or Global Blue upon written notice in the event that certain conditions remain unsatisfied as of September 30, 2025) (the End Date), and Global Blues right to terminate the Transaction Agreement in order to enter into a definitive agreement with respect to a Company Superior Proposal substantially concurrently with such termination. Global Blue will be required to pay Shift4 a termination fee of $40 million if the Transaction Agreement is terminated (i) by Global Blue to enter into a definitive written agreement with respect to a Company Superior Proposal, (ii) by Shift4 following a change in recommendation by the Global Blue Board or (iii) for failure to consummate the transactions by the End Date or as a result of an uncured material breach of Global Blue of its obligations under the Transaction Agreement if, prior to such termination, Global Blue had received a Company Takeover Proposal and within twelve months after such termination of the Transaction Agreement, Global Blue enters into a definitive agreement for a Company Takeover Proposal with respect to at least 50% of its assets or shares.

The Transaction Agreement has been approved by each of the Global Blue Board and the board of directors of Shift4.

The foregoing description of the Offer, the Merger and the Transaction Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Transaction Agreement, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 2.1. The Transaction Agreement has been incorporated herein by reference to provide information regarding the terms of the Transaction Agreement and is not intended to modify or supplement any factual disclosures about Global Blue or Shift4 in any public reports filed with the SEC by Global Blue or Shift4. In particular, the assertions embodied in the representations, warranties and covenants contained in the Transaction Agreement were made only for the purposes of the Transaction Agreement, were solely for the benefit of the parties to the Transaction Agreement, and may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties, including being qualified by information in confidential disclosure schedules provided by Global Blue to Shift4 in connection with the signing of the Transaction Agreement. These disclosure schedules contain information that modifies, qualifies and creates exceptions to the representations and warranties set forth in the Transaction Agreement. Moreover, the representations and warranties in the Transaction Agreement were used for the purpose of allocating risk between Global Blue and Shift4, rather than establishing matters of fact. Accordingly, the representations and warranties in the Transaction Agreement may not constitute the actual state of facts about Global Blue or Shift4. The representations and warranties set forth in the Transaction Agreement may also be subject to a contractual standard of materiality different from that generally applicable to investors under federal securities laws. Therefore, the Transaction Agreement is included with this filing only to provide investors with information regarding the terms of the Transaction Agreement, and not to provide investors with any other factual information regarding the parties or their respective businesses.

Tender and Support Agreements 

On February 16, 2025, as a condition and inducement to Shift4s willingness to enter into the Transaction Agreement and to consummate the Offer, Shift4 entered into certain tender and support agreements (each a Support Agreement and collectively, the Support Agreements) with each of the

following shareholders of Global Blue (i) SL Globetrotter, L.P., (ii) Global Blue Holding LP, (iii) Ant International Technologies (Hong Kong) Holding Limited, (iv) CK Opportunities Wolverine S..R.L., (v) Partners Group Private Equity (Master Fund), LLC, (vi) Partner Group Barrier Reef, L.P., (vii) Partners Group Client Access 5 L.P. Inc., (viii) Tencent Mobility Limited and (ix) certain other investors of Global Blue management (each, a Supporting Shareholder, and together, the Supporting Shareholders), pursuant to which each Supporting Shareholder agreed, among other things, to tender its Global Blue Shares in the Offer and vote its Global Blue Shares at any meeting of the shareholders of Global Blue (i) for, among other things, the approval and adoption of the Board Modification and any other proposal required for the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreement, (ii) against any proposal or motion that would reasonably be expected to (A) directly result in a breach of any covenant, representation or warranty or any other obligation or agreement of Global Blue contained in the Transaction Agreement, or (B) result in any conditions to the Offer set forth in Annex C of the Transaction Agreement not being satisfied prior to 5:00 p.m., New York City time on September 30, 2025 (or February 16, 2026 if such end date is extended pursuant to the Transaction Agreement), (iii) against any change in the Global Blue Board (other than the Board Modification or in the event of a directors death or resignation, to fill the vacancy created thereby) and (iv) against any Company Takeover Proposal and against any other action, agreement or transaction involving Global Blue that would reasonably be expected to materially impede, materially delay or prevent the consummation of the Offer. As of February 16, 2025, the Supporting Shareholders owned an aggregate of approximately 90% of the Global Blue Shares.

Each Supporting Shareholder has agreed, to certain other terms and conditions, including not to transfer, directly or indirectly, its Global Blue Shares and not to, directly or indirectly, solicit, initiate, propose, knowingly encourage or knowingly facilitate any inquiry, discussion, offer or request that constitutes, or would reasonably be expected to lead to a Company Takeover Proposal, or take certain other restricted actions in connection therewith.

Each Supporting Shareholders obligations under the applicable Support Agreement terminate as follows: (i)(A) immediately if prior to the date that is the later of (1) March 4, 2025 and (2) the fifth business day immediately following Shift4s receipt of a final notice of a change of recommendation by the Global Blue Board or a final notice of a Company Superior Proposal with respect to a Company Takeover Proposal with respect to which Global Blue has delivered to Shift4, either a Notice of Company Recommendation Change or a Notice of Superior Proposal, in each case, prior to 11:59 p.m., New York City time, on March 4, 2025 (in each case, subject to Shift4s match and notice rights under the Transaction Agreement) (the Applicable Period), either (x) upon written notice by such Supporting Shareholder to Shift4, if there has been a change of recommendation of the Global Blue Board or (y) upon termination of the Transaction Agreement by Shift4 following a change of recommendation by the Global Blue Board or a termination by Global Blue in order to enter into a Company Superior Proposal substantially concurrently with the termination of the Transaction Agreement, and (B) from and after the expiration of the Applicable Period, on the date that is (1) three months following the termination of the Transaction Agreement, if the Transaction Agreement is terminated in accordance by Shift4 following a change of recommendation by the Global Blue Board or (2) five months following the termination of the Transaction Agreement, if the Transaction Agreement is terminated as a result of a material uncured breach by Global Blue that results from a willful breach by Global Blue or by the Company in order to enter into a Company Superior Proposal substantially concurrently with the termination of the Transaction Agreement, (ii) immediately upon termination of the Transaction Agreement in any circumstance, other than those discussed in clause (i) above, (iii) immediately as of and following the Acceptance Time, or (iv) immediately, upon written notice by such Supporting Shareholder to Shift4, if there has been any modification, waiver or amendment to any provision of the Transaction Agreement that reduces or changes the form of Offer Consideration to be paid in respect of the Global Blue Shares (in each case, without such Supporting Shareholders prior written consent).

Each Supporting Shareholder has entered into the Support Agreement solely in its capacity as a beneficial owner of Global Blue Shares and nothing in the Support Agreement restricts any officer of director of the Global Blue Board from taking any action in his or her capacity as an officer of member of the Global Blue Board.

The Support Agreements have been included to provide information regarding their terms. It is not intended to modify or supplement any factual disclosures about the applicable Supporting Shareholders or Global Blue or Shift4 in any public reports filed with the SEC by Global Blue or Shift4.

The foregoing description of the Support Agreements does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of each of the Support Agreements, which are attached hereto as Exhibits 10.1, 10.2, 10.3, 10.4, 10.5 and 10.6 are incorporated herein by reference.

Item 7.01. 

Regulation FD Disclosure.

On February 18, 2025, Shift4 and Global Blue issued a joint press release announcing the entry into the Transaction Agreement and certain other information. A copy of the press release is furnished with this Current Report on Form 8-K (Current Report) as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.

The information in Item 7.01 of this Current Report, including Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto, shall not be deemed filed for the purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall such information be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), or the Exchange Act, except as expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.

Item 8.01. 

Other Events.

Debt Commitment Letter 

On February 16, 2025, in connection with the Transaction Agreement, Shift4 Payments, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and wholly owned subsidiary of Shift4 (Shift4 LLC), entered into a commitment letter with Goldman Sachs Bank USA (GS), pursuant to which GS has committed to (i) provide Shift4 LLC with 364-day bridge loan facilities in an aggregate principal amount of $1,795 million (the Bridge Facilities), consisting of (x) a senior secured 364-day bridge loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of $1.0 billion (the Senior Secured Bridge Facility) and (y) a senior unsecured 364-day bridge loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of $795.0 million (the Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility), in each case, subject to customary conditions, and (ii) to backstop an amendment to, or replacement of, Shift4 LLCs existing $450.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility (the Backstop Revolving Facility and, together with the Bridge Facilities, collectively, the Facilities) in order to, among other things, permit the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreement, the incurrence of the Bridge Facilities and any other permanent financing issued in lieu thereof or to refinance the loans thereunder, in each case, subject to customary conditions. The Facilities are available together with cash on hand to, among other things, finance the consideration payable by Shift4 and its subsidiaries under the Transaction Agreement, refinance certain indebtedness of GB and its subsidiaries, and to pay costs, fees and expenses in connection with the Facilities and the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreement. Prior to the funding thereof, Shift4 LLC may, at its election, reallocate the commitments under the Bridge Facilities among the Senior Secured Bridge Facility and the Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility. The consummation of the Offer and the Merger are not subject to any financing condition.

Forward-Looking Statements

This Current Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Shift4 intends such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All statements contained in this Current Report that do not relate to matters of historical fact should be considered forward-looking statements, including statements regarding Shift4s expectations associated with the Transaction, the Offer, the acquisition of Global Blue by Shift4 pursuant to the Merger, the Facilities, and completion of, the benefits, synergies, efficiencies, and opportunities arising from, the anticipated costs of, and the timing of any of the foregoing. These statements are neither promises nor guarantees, but involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may cause each of our actual results, performance or achievements, respectively, to be materially different from any futures results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to

the substantial and increasingly intense competition worldwide in the financial services, payments and payment technology industries; each of our ability to continue to expand our respective share of the existing payment processing markets or expand into new markets; additional risks associated with each of our expansion into international operations, including compliance with and changes in foreign governmental policies, as well as exposure to foreign exchange rates; and each of our respective ability to integrate and interoperate each of our services and products with a variety of operating systems, software, devices, and web browsers, and the other important factors discussed under the caption Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A in Shift4s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024, and our other filings with the SEC. Any such forward-looking statements represent managements expectations as of the date of this press release. While we may elect to update such forward-looking statements at some point in the future, Shift4 disclaims any obligation to do so, even if subsequent events cause of our view to change.

Important Additional Information and Where to Find It

The tender offer described above has not yet commenced. This Current Report is for informational purposes only and is neither an offer to buy nor a solicitation of an offer to sell any securities of Global Blue. A solicitation and an offer to buy shares of Global Blue will only be made pursuant to a tender offer statement on Schedule TO, including an offer to purchase, a letter of transmittal and other related materials that Shift4 intends to file with the SEC. In addition, Global Blue will file with the SEC a solicitation/recommendation statement on Schedule 14D-9 with respect to the tender offer. Once filed, investors will be able to obtain a free copy of these materials and other documents filed by Shift4 and Global Blue with the SEC at the website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov. Investors may also obtain, at no charge, any such documents filed with or furnished to the SEC by Shift4 under the News & Events section of Shift4s website at https://investors.shift4.com/news-events.

INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS OF GLOBAL BLUE AND SHIFT4 ARE URGED TO READ THESE DOCUMENTS WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE, INCLUDING THE SOLICITATION/RECOMMENDATION STATEMENT OF GLOBAL BLUE AND ANY AMENDMENTS THERETO, AS WELL AS ANY OTHER DOCUMENTS RELATING TO THE TENDER OFFER AND THE MERGER THAT ARE FILED WITH THE SEC, CAREFULLY AND IN THEIR ENTIRETY PRIOR TO MAKING ANY DECISIONS WITH RESPECT TO WHETHER TO TENDER THEIR SHARES INTO THE TENDER OFFER BECAUSE THEY CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION, INCLUDING THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE TENDER OFFER.

Item 9.01 - Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit

No. 

Description

2.1* Transaction Agreement by and between Shift4 Payments, Inc. and Global Blue Group Holding AG, dated as of February 16, 2025.

10.1* Tender and Support Agreement by and among Shift4 Payments, Inc., SL Globetrotter, L.P., and Global Blue Holding LP, dated as of February 16, 2025.

10.2* Tender and Support Agreement by and between Shift4 Payments, Inc. and Ant International Technologies (Hong Kong) Holding Limited, dated as of February 16, 2025.

10.3* Tender and Support Agreement by and between Shift4 Payments, Inc. and CK Opportunities Wolverine S..R.L, dated as of February 16, 2025.

10.4* Tender and Support Agreement by and among Shift4 Payments, Inc., Partners Group Private Equity (Master Fund), LLC, Partner Group Barrier Reef, L.P. and Partners Group Client Access 5 L.P. Inc., dated as of February 16, 2025.

10.5* Tender and Support Agreement by and between Shift4 Payments, Inc. and Tencent Mobility Limited, dated as of February 16, 2025.

10.6* Tender and Support Agreement by and among Shift4 Payments, Inc. and certain other investors of Global Blue management, dated as of February 16, 2025.

99.1 Press Release dated February 18, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

* 

Annexes, schedules and/or exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. Shift4 undertakes to furnish supplemental copies of any of the omitted schedules or similar attachments upon request by the SEC.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: February 18, 2025

SHIFT4 PAYMENTS, INC.

By: 

/s/ Jordan Frankel

Name: Jordan Frankel

Title: Secretary, General Counsel and Executive Vice President, Legal, Risk and Compliance
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d916492dex21.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-2.1
<TEXT>
EX-2.1

Exhibit 2.1 

EXECUTION VERSION 

TRANSACTION AGREEMENT 

between 

SHIFT4
PAYMENTS, INC. 

and 

GLOBAL BLUE GROUP HOLDING AG 

Dated as of February 16, 2025 

Table of Contents 

Page 

ARTICLE I THE OFFER 3 

Section 1.1. The Offer 3 

Section 1.2. Company Actions 6 

Section 1.3. Directors 7 

Section 1.4. Merger Agreement 8 

ARTICLE II THE MERGER 9 

Section 2.1. The Merger; Effective Time 9 

Section 2.2. Closing 9 

Section 2.3. Effects of the Merger 9 

Section 2.4. Managing Directors of the Surviving Company 10 

ARTICLE III CANCELLATION OF COMPANY SECURITIES; EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES 10 

Section 3.1. Effect on Share Capital 10 

Section 3.2. Exchange Procedures 11 

Section 3.3. Treatment of Company Share Options and Company Restricted Share Awards 14 

Section 3.4. Treatment of Company Warrants 15 

Section 3.5. Transaction Sequence; Subsequent Merger 15 

Section 3.6. Further Assurances 15 

ARTICLE IV REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY 16 

Section 4.1. Organization, Standing and Power; Subsidiaries 16 

Section 4.2. Capital Structure 17 

Section 4.3. Authority; Non-Contravention 19 

Section 4.4. Financial Statements and SEC Reports; Regulatory Reports; Undisclosed Liabilities 20 

Section 4.5. Compliance with Applicable Laws and Reporting Requirements 22 

Section 4.6. Legal and Arbitration Proceedings and Investigations 23 

Section 4.7. Taxes 23 

Section 4.8. Absence of Certain Changes or Events 24 

Section 4.9. Board Approval 25 

Section 4.10. Vote Required 25 

Section 4.11. Company Material Contracts 25 

Section 4.12. Employee Benefits and Executive Compensation 28 

Section 4.13. Labor Relations and Other Employment Matters 29 

Section 4.14. Intellectual Property 31 

Section 4.15. Information Systems; Data Privacy; Data Security 32 

Section 4.16. Properties 33 

Section 4.17. Environmental Matters 33 

Section 4.18. Opinions of Financial Advisor 34 

Section 4.19. Takeover Laws 34 

Section 4.20. Brokers or Finders 34 

Section 4.21. Insurance 34 

Section 4.22. Related Party Transactions 35 

Section 4.23. Customers and Suppliers 35 

Section 4.24. Anti-Corruption Laws 35 

Section 4.25. Trade Controls 36 

Section 4.26. CFIUS Matters 36 

Section 4.27. Disclosure Documents. 36 

Section 4.28. No Other Representations and Warranties 37 

ARTICLE V REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT 37 

Section 5.1. Organization, Standing and Power 38 

Section 5.2. Authority; Non-Contravention 38 

Section 5.3. Board Approval 40 

Section 5.4. Legal and Arbitration Proceedings and Investigations 40 

Section 5.5. Vote Required 41 

Section 5.6. Takeover Laws 41 

Section 5.7. Brokers or Finders 41 

Section 5.8. Disclosure Documents 41 

Section 5.9. Financing 42 

Section 5.10. No Ownership in the Company 43 

Section 5.11. No Other Representations and Warranties 43 

ARTICLE VI COVENANTS RELATING TO CONDUCT OF BUSINESS 44 

Section 6.1. Covenants of the Company 44 

Section 6.2. Control of Other Partys Business 48 

ARTICLE VII ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS 49 

Section 7.1. Preparation of Filings 49 

Section 7.2. Access to Information; Confidentiality 51 

Section 7.3. Regulatory Approvals 52 

Section 7.4. No Solicitation by the Company; Change of Company Recommendation 54 

Section 7.5. Fees and Expenses 58 

Section 7.6. Indemnification; Directors and Officers Insurance 58 

Section 7.7. Public Announcements 60 

Section 7.8. Employee Benefits 61 

Section 7.9. Notification 62 

Section 7.10. Formation and Obligations of Merger Sub 62 

Section 7.11. Anti-Takeover Statute 62 

2 

Section 7.12. Stockholder Litigation 63 

Section 7.13. Financing Assistance 63 

Section 7.14. Financing 68 

Section 7.15. Stock Exchange Delisting 70 

Section 7.16. Debt Payoff Covenant 71 

Section 7.17. Termination of Contracts 71 

Section 7.18. Swiss Tax Ruling 71 

Section 7.19. Parent Restructuring 71 

ARTICLE VIII CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER 72 

Section 8.1. Conditions to Each Partys Obligation to Effect the Merger 72 

ARTICLE IX TERMINATION 73 

Section 9.1. Termination 73 

Section 9.2. Effect of Termination 75 

ARTICLE X GENERAL PROVISIONS 77 

Section 10.1. Non-Survival of Representations, Warranties and Agreements 77 

Section 10.2. Notices 77 

Section 10.3. Interpretation 78 

Section 10.4. Disclosure Letters 79 

Section 10.5. Counterparts 80 

Section 10.6. Entire Agreement; No Third Party Beneficiaries 81 

Section 10.7. Governing Law 81 

Section 10.8. Severability 81 

Section 10.9. Assignment 81 

Section 10.10. Enforcement 82 

Section 10.11. Submission to Jurisdiction 82 

Section 10.12. Waiver of Jury Trial 83 

Section 10.13. Amendment 83 

Section 10.14. Extension; Waiver 83 

Section 10.15. No Recourse 83 

Section 10.16. Financing Matters 84 

Section 10.17. Defined Terms 85 

Annex A Merger Agreement 

Annex B Parent Stockholder Consent 

Annex C 
Conditions to Offer 

3 

TRANSACTION AGREEMENT 

This TRANSACTION AGREEMENT, dated as of February 16, 2025 (this Agreement), is by and between Shift4 Payments, Inc., a
Delaware corporation (Parent), and Global Blue Group Holding AG, a stock corporation incorporated under the laws of Switzerland, with its registered office in Zurichstrasse 38, 8306, Bruttisellen, Switzerland (the
Company). 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS, Parent and the Company desire to engage in a business combination pursuant to which Parent will acquire (subject to the Minimum
Condition) up to all of (a) the Company Common Shares, (b) the Company Series A Shares and (c) the Company Series B Shares, and each holder of such Company Shares will be entitled to receive in respect of each Company Share an amount
of cash as set forth herein; 

WHEREAS, as soon as practicable and no later than ten Business Days following after the date hereof, Parent
will (a) file with the commercial register of the Canton of Zurich the documentation for the formation of a new wholly-owned Swiss limited liability company (Merger Sub) and (b) immediately after registration of Merger
Sub in the commercial register of the Canton of Zurich, cause Merger Sub to execute a joinder to this Agreement and, consistent with Section 7.10, cause Merger Sub to take all actions required of Merger Sub by this
Agreement and the Merger Agreement through the Closing; 

WHEREAS, Parent will cause Merger Sub to commence a tender offer (as it may be
amended from time to time in accordance with this Agreement, the Offer) to acquire all of the outstanding Company Shares, in which Offer each Company Share validly tendered and not properly withdrawn would be purchased for the
Common Share Offer Consideration, the Series A Offer Consideration or the Series B Offer Consideration, as applicable, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein; 

WHEREAS, following the consummation of the Offer, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement (including the Offer Conditions set
forth on Annex C), the parties intend that, in accordance with the laws of Switzerland and the Merger Agreement between Merger Sub and the Company, substantially in the form attached as Annex A (the Merger
Agreement), Merger Sub and the Company shall consummate a statutory squeeze-out merger pursuant to which the Company shall be merged with and into Merger Sub (the Merger), and
Merger Sub shall continue as the surviving entity of the Merger, and each Company Share (other than Company Shares directly or indirectly owned by Parent or Merger Sub) that is not validly tendered and accepted pursuant to the Offer will thereupon
be cancelled and converted into the right to receive the Merger Consideration, and each Company Share directly or indirectly owned by Parent or Merger Sub will thereupon be deemed cancelled without any conversion thereof, in each case, on the terms
and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement; 

WHEREAS, the Companys board of directors (the Company Board) has
unanimously (a) determined that it is in the best interests of, and fair to, the Company and its shareholders, and has adopted and approved, and declared it advisable for the Company to enter into this Agreement and any future agreements
implementing the provisions of this Agreement and effecting the Board Modification, (b) resolved to recommend that the shareholders of the Company accept the Offer and tender their Company Shares in the Offer and approve and adopt the Board
Modification and (c) resolved to approve the transfer of the Company Series A Shares and Company Series B Shares to the Merger Sub upon consummation of the Offer (conditional upon Merger Subs accession to the Conversion Agreements); 

WHEREAS, the board of directors of Parent (the Parent Board) has unanimously approved and declared it advisable, to enter
into this Agreement and the Merger Agreement upon the terms and conditions set forth herein; 

WHEREAS, it is expected that in connection
with signing a joinder to this Agreement, the board of managers of Merger Sub (the Merger Sub Board) will unanimously (a) determine that the terms of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the
Merger, are fair to, and in the best interests of, Merger Sub and its sole quota holder, (b) determine that it is in the best interests of Merger Sub and its sole quota holder, and declared it advisable, to enter into this Agreement and the
Merger Agreement, (c) approve the execution and delivery by Merger Sub of this Agreement and the Merger Agreement, the performance by Merger Sub of its covenants and agreements contained herein and therein and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including the Merger, upon the terms and subject to the conditions contained herein and in the Merger Agreement and (d) resolve to recommend that the sole quota holder of Merger Sub vote to approve
the Merger Agreement; 

WHEREAS, as a material inducement to the Company to enter into this Agreement, and simultaneously with the
execution of this Agreement, a certain stockholder of Parent (the Specified Parent Stockholder) has provided its consent to this Agreement in the form of Annex B (the Parent Stockholder Consent) pursuant
to the Parent Stockholders Agreement; 

WHEREAS, as a material inducement to Parent to enter into this Agreement, and simultaneously
with the execution of this Agreement, certain shareholders of the Company (each such shareholder, a Specified Shareholder and collectively, the Specified Shareholders) are entering into Tender and Support
Agreements (the Specified Shareholders Support Agreement), pursuant to which each such Specified Shareholder has agreed, among other things, to tender the Company Shares held by such shareholder in the Offer and to take certain
other actions in furtherance of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, in each case, subject to the terms and conditions of the Specified Shareholders Support Agreement; and 

WHEREAS, the Company and Parent desire to make certain representations, warranties, covenants and agreements in connection with the Offer and
the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the respective
covenants, agreements, representations and warranties herein contained, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows: 

2 

ARTICLE I 

THE OFFER 

Section 1.1. The Offer. 

(a) (i) Unless this Agreement shall have been terminated pursuant to Article IX and (ii) provided that the Company shall
have complied in all material respects with its obligations to provide the information it is required to provide to Parent and Merger Sub in accordance with Section 1.2, Merger Sub shall commence (within the meaning of Rule
14d-2 under the Exchange Act) the Offer for the Company Common Shares in exchange for the Common Shares Consideration (the Common Share Offer Consideration), the Company Series A Shares in
exchange for the Series A Consideration (the Series A Offer Consideration) and the Company Series B Shares in exchange for the Series B Consideration (the Series B Offer Consideration) as promptly as reasonably
practicable, but in no event later than 25 Business Days following the date of this Agreement. 

(b) The obligation of Merger Sub (and
Parents obligation to cause Merger Sub) to accept for exchange, and exchange and pay the Common Share Offer Consideration for the Company Common Shares, the Series A Offer Consideration for the Company Series A Shares and the Series B Offer
Consideration for the Company Series B Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer shall be subject only to (i) the condition that there shall be validly tendered in accordance with the terms of the Offer, prior to the scheduled expiration of the
Offer (as it may be extended hereunder) and not withdrawn, a number of Company Shares that, together with any Company Shares directly or indirectly owned by Parent or Merger Sub, would represent at least 90% of all Company Shares outstanding at the
Acceptance Time (excluding shares held, directly or indirectly, by the Company) as required pursuant to Article 18 (5) Swiss Merger Act (the Minimum Condition) and (ii) the other conditions set forth in Annex C (the
Minimum Condition and such other conditions collectively referred to herein as the Offer Conditions). Merger Sub expressly reserves the right to waive any Offer Condition or modify the terms of the Offer in any manner not
inconsistent with this Agreement, except that, without the prior written consent of the Company, Merger Sub shall not, and Parent shall cause Merger Sub not to, (A) reduce the number of Company Shares subject to the Offer, (B) change the
Common Shares Offer Consideration, the Series A Offer Consideration or the Series B Offer Consideration, (D) waive any Offer Condition, except as and only to the extent expressly permitted pursuant to Annex C, (E) impose conditions
or requirements to the Offer other than the Offer Conditions, (F) amend, modify or supplement any Offer Condition in a manner (1) adverse to the holders of Company Shares (in their capacity as such), or (2) that would prevent,
materially delay or impair the ability of Parent or Merger Sub to consummate the Offer, (G) except as otherwise provided in this Section 1.1(b) or Section 1.1(c), terminate, extend or
otherwise amend or modify the Expiration Date, or (H) provide any subsequent offering period in accordance with Rule 14d-11 of the Exchange Act. With respect to all Company Shares that are
validly tendered, the respective holders of Company Shares shall retain any and all rights to or derived from such Company Shares (including with respect to dividends and voting rights) with respect to any actions taken or rights incurred prior to
the Acceptance Time, subject to the terms of the Specified Shareholders Support Agreement.

3 

(c) Unless extended pursuant to and in accordance with the terms of this
Section 1.1(c), the Offer shall expire one minute after 11:59 p.m., New York City time, on the date that is 20 Business Days (for this purpose calculated in accordance with Rule
14d-1(g)(3) under the Exchange Act) from the date that the Offer is commenced (such initial expiration date or such subsequent date to which the expiration of the Offer has been extended pursuant to and in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the Expiration Date). If, at the Expiration Date, any Offer Condition has not been satisfied or waived (if such waiver is permitted hereunder), Merger Sub shall (and Parent shall cause
Merger Sub to) extend the Offer for (i) successive periods of ten Business Days each (or such other number of Business Days as the parties may agree in writing) in order to permit the satisfaction of such Offer Conditions, until the earlier to
occur of (A) the satisfaction or waiver (if such waiver is permitted hereunder) of all of the Offer Conditions and (B) if, as of such date, Parent is entitled to terminate this Agreement pursuant to
Section 9.1(d), the End Date and (ii) any period required by any rule, regulation, interpretation or position of the SEC or its staff or the NYSE applicable to the Offer or any period required by applicable Law. 

(d) Subject to the foregoing and other applicable Law and upon the terms of and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, including the
satisfaction or waiver of all of the Offer Conditions, Merger Sub shall accept for exchange, as promptly as permitted under applicable securities Law, and exchange and promptly pay the Common Share Offer Consideration, the Series A Offer
Consideration and the Series B Offer Consideration, in each case, no later than two Business Days after the expiration of the Offer, for each of the Company Common Shares, Company Series A Shares and Company Series B Shares, as applicable, validly
tendered and not withdrawn pursuant to the Offer (the date and time of such acceptance, the Acceptance Time). At or prior to the Acceptance Time, Parent shall deposit, or shall cause to be deposited, with the Paying Agent in
accordance with Article III, cash in an amount sufficient to pay the aggregate Common Share Offer Consideration, Series A Offer Consideration and Series B Offer Consideration payable under this
Section 1.1(d), and the exchange and payment procedures set forth in Section 3.2(b) (except for the first sentence of Section 3.2(b)) with respect to the Merger
Consideration and the Effective Time or Closing shall apply mutatis mutandis with respect to the Offer Consideration and the Acceptance Time. 

(e) The Company agrees that no Company Shares held by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries will be tendered pursuant to the Offer. 

(f) On the date of commencement of the Offer, Parent and Merger Sub shall file with the SEC a Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO with
respect to the Offer (together with all amendments and supplements thereto and including exhibits thereto, the Schedule TO) that shall contain a summary term sheet required thereby and an offer to exchange and a form of related
letter of transmittal (collectively, together with any amendments or supplements thereto and such other ancillary documents as may be required, the Offer Documents). Parent and Merger Sub agree to, as promptly as reasonably
practicable on the date of commencement of the Offer, use reasonable best efforts to cause the Offer Documents to be disseminated to the Companys shareholders as and to the extent required by applicable U.S. federal securities Law and other
applicable Law. The Company shall promptly furnish to Parent and Merger Sub in writing all information concerning the Company, its directors, officers and Affiliates as may be required by applicable U.S. federal securities Law or reasonably
requested by Parent or Merger Sub or their respective Representatives for inclusion in the Schedule TO or the other Offer Documents. Parent and Merger Sub shall (and Parent shall cause Merger Sub to) use reasonable

4 

best efforts to: cause the Schedule TO and the other Offer Documents to comply in all material respects with (i) the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, (ii) the rules and regulations
of the NYSE, and (iii) the Swiss Financial Services Act (unless not applicable or an exemption applies) and other applicable Law, in each case, as applicable. If, at any time before consummation of the Offer, Parent shall become aware that
there has occurred an event that is required to be set forth in an amendment to the Schedule TO or in a supplement to the other Offer Documents: (A) Parent shall promptly prepare such an amendment or supplement; and (B) Parent shall
promptly file with the SEC and distribute to the shareholders of the Company such amendment or supplement, in each case, as and to the extent required by applicable U.S. federal securities Law or the Swiss Financial Services Act (unless not
applicable or an exemption applies). Each of Parent, Merger Sub and the Company will promptly correct any information provided by it for use in the Schedule TO and the other Offer Documents if and to the extent that such information shall have
become false or misleading with respect to any material fact. If at any time prior to the Acceptance Time, an amendment or supplement to the Schedule TO or other Offer Documents is necessary so that the Schedule TO or other Offer Documents would not
include any misstatement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, each of Parent and Merger Sub shall(subject to the
Companys written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed, or conditioned) promptly file an appropriate amendment or supplement describing such information with the SEC and/or disseminate to the holders of Company Shares and
Parent Class A Stock to the extent required by applicable Law (including the Swiss Financial Services Act), the SEC, its staff or NYSE, as applicable. The Company and Parent will, and will cause their respective Representatives to, reasonably
cooperate with the other in the preparation of the Schedule TO and the other Offer Documents. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Parent shall, and shall cause its Representatives to, provide the Company and its Representatives with a
reasonable opportunity, in advance of initial filing or any amendment or filing of any supplement thereto as soon as reasonably practicable prior to filing, to review and comment on the Schedule TO and the other Offer Documents and Parent shall
address or include, as applicable, in such documents comments reasonably proposed by the Company or its Representatives. Parent shall promptly notify the Company in writing of the receipt of any written or oral comments from or other correspondence
with the SEC or its staff with respect to the Schedule TO or the other Offer Documents and any request by the SEC or its staff for amendments or supplements to the Schedule TO or the other Offer Documents or for additional information and shall
promptly supply the Company with copies of all correspondence between it and any of its Representatives or Affiliates, on the one hand, and the SEC or its staff, on the other hand, with respect to the Schedule TO or the other Offer Documents. 

(g) The Offer Consideration shall be appropriately adjusted to reflect fully the effect of any stock split, stock dividend (including any
dividend or similar distribution of securities convertible into Company Shares), reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification or other like change with respect to Company Shares having a record date on or following the date hereof and before
the Acceptance Time, it being understood that (i) the intent of such adjustment is to provide the holders of Company Shares with the same economic effect as contemplated by this Agreement before any such change and (ii) nothing in this
Section 1.1(g) shall be construed to permit the Company or Parent to take any action with respect to its securities that is prohibited by the terms of this Agreement. Parent shall provide or cause to be provided to Merger
Sub on a timely basis the funds necessary to deliver the consideration payable upon exercise of the Company Warrants pursuant to Section 4.4 of the Warrant Agreement following the Acceptance Time. 

5 

(h) Unless this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Article IX,
Merger Sub shall not terminate or withdraw the Offer prior to the Expiration Date without the prior written consent of the Company. In the event this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Article IX, Merger Sub shall promptly
(and in any event within 24 hours) following such termination irrevocably and unconditionally terminate the Offer and shall not acquire any Company Shares pursuant thereto. If the Offer is terminated pursuant to Article IX
of this Agreement, prior to the purchase of Company Shares in the Offer, Merger Sub shall promptly return, or cause any depositary acting on behalf of Merger Sub to return, in accordance with applicable Law, all tendered Company Shares to the
tendering shareholders of the Company. 

Section 1.2. Company Actions. 

(a) Unless a Company Recommendation Change shall have occurred, the Company hereby consents to the inclusion of the Company Recommendation in
the Offer Documents. The Company shall and shall instruct its transfer agent to promptly after the date of this Agreement furnish Parent with a true and correct list, as of the most recent practicable date, of the Companys shareholders
(including the names and addresses of the record holders of shares as of the most recent practicable date and of those Persons becoming record holders subsequent to such date, together with copies of all lists of shareholders, security position
listings and computer files and all other information in the Companys possession regarding the beneficial owners of the Company Shares) and shall use reasonable best efforts to provide to Parent and Merger Sub such additional information and
such other assistance as Parent may reasonably request for purposes of communicating the Offer to the Companys shareholders. Subject to applicable Law, and except for such steps as are required by applicable Law to communicate the Offer to the
holders of Company Shares, Parent and Merger Sub (and their respective Representatives) shall hold all information furnished in accordance with this Section 1.2 in confidence in accordance with the terms and conditions of
the Confidentiality Agreement, shall use such information solely in connection with the communication and implementation of the Offer and, if this Agreement shall be terminated in accordance with its terms, promptly return to the Company or destroy
any and all copies and any extracts or summaries of such information in their possession or control. 

(b) As promptly as reasonably
practicable on the date of commencement of the Offer, the Company shall file with the SEC and disseminate to the shareholders of the Company a Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9 (together
with any amendments or supplements thereto, including all exhibits thereto, the Schedule 14D-9) that, unless a Company Recommendation Change shall have occurred in accordance with
Section 7.4, shall contain the Company Recommendation. Each of Parent and Merger Sub shall (and Parent shall cause Merger Sub to) promptly furnish to the Company and its Representatives in writing all information concerning
Parent and Merger Sub that may be required by applicable U.S. federal securities Law or reasonably requested by the Company or its Representatives for inclusion in the Schedule 14D-9. The Company shall use
reasonable best efforts to cause the Schedule 14D-9 to comply in all material respects with (i) the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, and (ii) the rules and regulations of the NYSE and other
applicable Law, in each case, as applicable. If, at any time before consummation of the Offer, the Company shall become aware that there has occurred an event that 

6 

is required to be set forth in an amendment to the Schedule 14D-9: (A) the Company shall promptly prepare such an amendment or supplement and (B) the
Company shall promptly file with the SEC and distribute to the shareholders of the Company such amendment or supplement, in each case, as and to the extent required by applicable U.S. federal securities Law and other applicable Law. Each of Parent,
Merger Sub and the Company will promptly correct any information provided by it for use in the Schedule 14D-9 if and to the extent that such information shall have become false or misleading with respect to
any material fact. If, at any time prior to the Acceptance Time, an amendment or supplement to the Schedule 14D-9 is necessary so that the Schedule 14D-9 would not
include any misstatement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, the Company shall (subject to Parents written
consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed, or conditioned) promptly file an appropriate amendment or supplement describing such information with the SEC and/or disseminate to the holders of Company Shares to the extent required by
Law, the SEC, its staff or NYSE. The Company and Parent will, and will cause their respective Representatives to, reasonably cooperate with the other in the preparation of the Schedule 14D-9. Without limiting
the generality of the foregoing, the Company shall, and shall cause its Representatives to, provide Parent and its Representatives with a reasonable opportunity, in advance of initial filing or any amendment or filing of any supplement thereto as
soon as reasonably practicable prior to filing, to review and comment on the Schedule 14D-9 and the Company shall address or include, as applicable, in such documents comments reasonably proposed by Parent or
its Representatives. The Company shall promptly notify Parent in writing of the receipt of any written or oral comments from or other correspondence with the SEC or its staff with respect to the Schedule 14D-9
and any request by the SEC or its staff for amendments or supplements to the Schedule 14D-9 or for additional information and shall promptly supply Parent with copies of all correspondence between it and any
of its Representatives or Affiliates, on the one hand, and the SEC or its staff, on the other hand, with respect to the Schedule 14D-9.

(c) The Company agrees to use reasonable best efforts to (i) promptly upon Parents request provide correct and complete information
about the Company to the extent required to be disclosed in the Offer Documents and (ii) promptly notify Parent if and to the extent that any information provided by the Company for the Offer Documents shall have become false or misleading with
respect to any material fact. 

Section 1.3. Directors. 

(a) The Company shall (i) subject to applicable Law and any listing agreement with or rules of the NYSE, invite for an extraordinary
general meeting of shareholders to be held within 30 days prior to the anticipated Acceptance Time (the Company Shareholder Meeting) and to propose the Board Modification effective upon the Acceptance Time, (ii) seek and
accept resignations of incumbent directors subject to and effective upon the Acceptance Time and (iii) have such changes registered with the competent Commercial Registry of the Canton of Zurich (the Registrar) promptly after
the Acceptance Time. 

(b) The Companys obligations to propose and recommend the Board Modification pursuant to
Section 1.3(a) and Section 7.1(b) shall be subject to Swiss Law. The Company shall promptly take all actions, and shall include in the Schedule
14D-9 such information with respect to the Company and its officers and directors as required to fulfill its obligations under this Section 1.3 and
Section 7.1(b), so long as Parent has timely provided to the Company in writing any information with respect to itself and its nominees, officers, directors and Affiliates. Parent shall promptly supply to the Company in
writing and shall be solely responsible for the accuracy and completeness of, all such information. 

7 

Section 1.4. Merger Agreement. 

(a) As promptly as reasonably practicable after the Acceptance Time, Merger Sub and the Company shall execute and deliver to each other the
Merger Agreement, including the audited balance sheet dated December 31, 2024 (or an audited interim balance sheet on such later date as may be required by Law) (the Merger Balance Sheet), together with a merger report
pursuant to Article 14 Swiss Merger Act (the Merger Report) and an audit report by a specially qualified auditor pursuant to Article 15 Swiss Merger Act (the Merger Audit Report), all on the basis of the Merger
Balance Sheet, with the Merger Agreement being subject to the approval by the shareholders of the Company and the quota holder of Merger Sub as well as being subject to information of, and consultation with (as applicable), the employees of the
Company pursuant to Article 28 Swiss Merger Act in connection with Article 333a Swiss Code of Obligations (the Merger Employee Consultation). 

(b) In accordance with Article 16 Swiss Merger Act, during a period of 30 days prior to the passing of the resolution by the shareholders of
the Company and the quota holder of Merger Sub, the Company and Merger Sub shall allow their shareholders and quota holder, respectively, to inspect at the Companys and Merger Subs respective domicile the following documents of both the
Company and Merger Sub: Merger Agreement, Merger Report, Merger Audit Report, annual accounts and annual reports of the preceding three business years (to the extent available), as well as an interim balance sheet (if applicable) (the
Merger Right of Inspection). 

(c) Prior to the passing of the resolution by the general meeting shareholders of the
Company and the meeting of the quota holder of Merger Sub regarding the approval of the Merger Agreement and the Merger as contemplated in Section 1.4(d), the Merger Employee Consultation shall (if applicable) take place
(i.e., the employees of the Company must be informed of, or consulted on (as applicable), the transfer of employment and their rights associated with such transfer as stipulated in Article 28 (2) Swiss Merger Act). The Company Board and the Merger
Sub Board shall inform their shareholders and quota holders meeting, respectively, about the outcome of the consultation before such resolution is passed. 

(d) The Company and Merger Sub shall cause a general meeting of its shareholders and a meeting of the quota holder, respectively, (in the case
of the Company, the Subsequent Company Shareholder Meeting and, in the case of Merger Sub, the Subsequent Merger Sub Quota Holder Meeting) to be duly called and held as promptly as reasonably practicable, but in
any event within 90 days after the Acceptance Time, for the purpose of voting on the adoption and approval of the Merger Agreement and the Merger. The recommendation of the Company Board and Merger Sub Board, respectively, that the shareholders of
the Company and the quota holder of Merger Sub, as applicable, adopt and approve the Merger Agreement and the Merger shall be included in a notice to the shareholders (the Subsequent Company Meeting Notice) to be sent to the
shareholders of the Company relating to the Subsequent Company Shareholder Meeting and to the quota holder of the Merger Sub relating to the Subsequent Merger Sub Quota Holder Meeting, respectively. 

8 

(e) In connection with such meetings pursuant to this Section 1.4,
the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to obtain the Subsequent Company Shareholder Approval, and otherwise comply with all legal requirements applicable to such meeting. 

(f) Parent agrees to, and to cause Merger Sub to, vote all of its directly or indirectly held Company Shares in favor of approval and adoption
of the Merger Agreement at the Subsequent Company Shareholder Meeting and the Subsequent Merger Sub Quota Holder Meeting, respectively. 

(g) The consideration payable to the holders of Company Shares in connection with the Merger shall be paid by Parent through the Paying Agent
to the holders of Company Shares in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 3.2. 

ARTICLE II

THE MERGER 

Section 2.1. The Merger; Effective Time. Subject to the provisions of this Agreement and the Merger Agreement, Parent, Merger Sub
and the Company will cause the Merger to become effective under the Swiss Merger Act. The Merger shall become effective at the time of the registration of the Merger in the daily ledger of the Commercial Register of the Canton of Zurich (the
Commercial Register) shown on the excerpt from the Commercial Register issued by the Registrar (the Certificate of Merger). The parties shall apply for a same-day
registration with the Commercial Register (Hyperexpressverfahren). The parties agree that the registration date provided in the Certificate of Merger as the effective date of the Merger will be the Closing Date (the Effective
Time). 

Section 2.2. Closing. The closing of the Merger (the Closing) will take place at 8:00
a.m., Central European time, on the date (the Closing Date) that is the second Business Day after the satisfaction or waiver (if such waiver is permitted and effective under applicable Law and, if required, a general meeting of
the Company and a quota holder meeting of Merger Sub have approved such waiver of the Merger Agreement) of the latest to be satisfied or waived of the conditions set forth in Article VIII (excluding conditions that, by
their terms, are to be satisfied of the Closing), unless another time or date is agreed to in writing by the parties. Except for the exchange of originals required for the filing and registration of the Merger with the Commercial Register pursuant
to Section 2.1, the Closing shall take place remotely by exchange of fully executed documents (in counterparts or otherwise) by electronic transmission or electronic .pdf format, including using generally recognized e-signature technology (e.g., DocuSign or Adobe Sign), unless another place is agreed to in writing by the Company and Parent. 

Section 2.3. Effects of the Merger. As of the Effective Time, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Merger
Agreement, the Company shall be merged with and into Merger Sub, with Merger Sub surviving such Merger (the Surviving Company). The parties acknowledge and agree that (a) the Merger shall be effected so as to constitute a
merger by absorption (Absorptionsfusion) as such term is understood under the Swiss Merger Act and (b) the 

9 

Surviving Company shall be deemed to be the surviving company (bernehmende Gesellschaft) in accordance with the Swiss Merger Act. Pursuant to Article 22 (1)
of the Swiss Merger Act, from and after the Effective Time: (i) the Merger of the Company and Merger Sub and the vesting of their undertaking, property and assets and liabilities in the Surviving Company shall become effective; (ii) the
Surviving Company shall continue to be liable for the obligations and liabilities of each of the Company (including, without limitation, obligations and liabilities under the Warrant Agreement) and Merger Sub; and (iii) the Company will be
deleted from the Commercial Register without any winding up with liquidation of the Company within the meaning of Articles 736 et seq. of the Swiss Code of Obligations. Upon registration of the Merger in the Commercial Register, the Surviving
Company shall either (A) give three notices to the creditors of the Company and Merger Sub by way of publication in the Swiss Gazette of Commerce or (B) obtain a confirmation by a specially qualified auditor confirming that there are no
known or expected claims which cannot be satisfied by the freely available assets of the legal entities involved as required pursuant to Article 25 (2) Swiss Merger Act. 

Section 2.4. Managing Directors of the Surviving Company. The managing directors of Merger Sub in office immediately before the
Effective Time shall be the managing directors of the Surviving Company until the earlier of their resignation or removal or until their respective successors are duly elected or appointed. 

ARTICLE III 

CANCELLATION OF COMPANY SECURITIES; EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES 

Section 3.1. Effect on Share Capital. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Merger Agreement, at the
Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the holders of any Company Shares: 

(a) Cancellation of
Company Shares and Payment of Merger Consideration. Each Company Common Share, Company Series A Shares and Company Series B Share issued and outstanding immediately before the Effective Time (other than Company Shares owned by the Company or
Parent or any of their Subsidiaries) shall be cancelled by operation of law as of the deletion of the Company from the commercial register in accordance with Article 21 (3) of the Swiss Merger Act and converted into the right to receive an amount in
cash equal to the Common Shares Consideration (in the case of the Company Common Shares), the Series A Consideration (in the case of the Company Series A Shares) and the Series B Consideration (in the case of the Company Series B Shares) (the
Merger Consideration) pursuant to the Merger Agreement. As of the Effective Time, each Company Common Share, Company Series A Shares and Company Series B Share shall be cancelled and each holder of a Company Share shall thereafter
cease to have any rights with respect to such Company Common Share, Company Series A Shares and Company Series B Share except the right to receive the Common Shares Consideration (in the case of Company Common Shares), the Series A Consideration (in
the case of the Company Series A Shares) and the Series B Consideration (in the case of the Company Series B Shares), all in accordance with the Swiss Merger Act. The Merger Consideration shall be appropriately adjusted to reflect fully the effect
of any stock split, stock dividend (including any dividend or similar distribution of securities convertible into shares of Company Shares), reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification or other like change with respect to shares of Company
Shares having a record date on or following the date hereof and before the Effective Time, it being 

10 

understood that (i) the intent of such adjustment is to provide the holders of Company Shares with the same economic effect as contemplated by this Agreement and the Merger Agreement before
any such change and (ii) nothing in this Section 3.1(a) shall be construed to permit the Company or Parent to take any action with respect to its securities that is prohibited by the terms of this Agreement or the
Merger Agreement. 

(b) Company-Owned or Parent-Owned Securities. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, all
Company Shares that are (i) held by the Company as treasury shares immediately before the Effective Time or (ii) owned by the Company or Parent or by any direct or indirect wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Company or Parent, in each case
shall, by virtue of the Merger, and without any action on the part of the holder thereof, automatically be cancelled and retired without any conversion thereof and shall cease to exist, and no payment shall be made in respect thereof. 

Section 3.2. Exchange Procedures. 

(a) Paying Agent. Prior to the commencement of the Offer, Parent shall designate a paying agent reasonably acceptable to the Company
(the Paying Agent) for the purpose of exchanging Company Shares issued and outstanding immediately before the Acceptance Time and the Effective Time, respectively. At the Closing, Parent shall deposit, or shall cause to be
deposited, with the Paying Agent in accordance with this Article III, cash in an amount sufficient to pay the aggregate Merger Consideration payable under Section 3.1(a) and any cash payable in
connection with the exercise of any Company Warrants following the Effective Time (with respect to Company Warrants not previously exercised following the Acceptance Time). Such cash so deposited is hereinafter referred to as the Payment
Fund. No interest shall be paid or accrued for the benefit of holders of the Company Shares or Company Warrants (to the extent not previously exercised following the Acceptance Time) on cash amounts payable under this
Section 3.2. The Paying Agent shall invest any cash in the Payment Fund as directed by Parent; provided that such investments shall be in direct obligations of or fully guaranteed as to principal and interest by, the
U.S. government, in commercial paper rated A-1 or P-1 or better by Moodys Investors Service, Inc. or Standard & Poors Corporation, respectively, in
certificates of deposit, bank repurchase agreements or bankers acceptances of commercial banks with capital exceeding $10 billion (based on the most recent financial statements of such bank that are then publicly available). Any interest,
gain and other income resulting from such investments shall be promptly paid to Parent, and any amounts in excess of the amounts payable under Sections 3.2(b) and Section 3.2(b) shall be promptly
returned to Parent. To the extent that there are any losses with respect to any such investments, or such cash diminishes for any reason below the level required for the Paying Agent to make prompt cash payment of amounts under
Section 3.2(b) and Section 3.2(b), Parent shall promptly replace or restore the cash so as to ensure that there is sufficient cash for the Paying Agent to make all such payments. Except as
contemplated by Section 3.2(e), the Payment Fund shall not be used for any other purpose. For the avoidance of doubt, under no circumstance shall Parent be obligated to deposit funds in respect of the Merger Consideration
with the Paying Agent if the Minimum Condition has not been satisfied. 

11 

(b) Exchange Procedures. The exchange procedures shall be agreed upon between Parent
and the Paying Agent prior to the Effective Time. Promptly following the Effective Time and in any event not later than two Business Days following the Effective Time, Parent shall, or shall cause the Surviving Company to cause the Paying Agent to
mail to each Person who was a shareholder of the Company as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, (i) a letter of transmittal (which shall be in customary form and have such other customary provisions as Parent may reasonably specify),
and (ii) instructions for use in effecting the payment of the Merger Consideration and any other documentation that Parent may reasonably specify. Following the Effective Time, upon delivery of such letter of transmittal duly executed and such
other documents as the Paying Agent may reasonably require (the Merger Consideration Payment Documents), a holder of Company Shares shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefore the aggregate amount of the Merger
Consideration which such shareholder has the right to receive in respect of the Company Shares then held by such shareholder of the Company, and any Merger Consideration under the Merger Agreement shall be marked as paid and such shareholder as
satisfied. 

(c) No Further Rights in Company Shares. All Merger Consideration paid upon the surrender of title to Company Shares in
accordance with the terms of this Article III (including any cash paid under this Article III) shall be deemed to have been paid in full satisfaction of all rights pertaining to the shareholders of
the Company in their capacity as shareholders of the Company before the Effective Time. At the Effective Time, the stock transfer books of the Company shall be deemed closed and there shall be no further registration of transfers on the share
transfer books or share registers, respectively, of the Surviving Company with respect to Company Shares that were outstanding immediately before the Effective Time. If, after the Effective Time, Company Certificates are presented to Parent, the
Surviving Company or to the Paying Agent for any reason, they shall be marked as cancelled and exchanged in accordance with this Article III, except as otherwise required by applicable Law. 

(d) Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates. Subject to applicable Law, if any Company Certificates shall have been lost, stolen or
destroyed, the Paying Agent shall issue in exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed certificates, upon the making of an affidavit, in customary form and substance reasonably acceptable to Parent, of that fact by the holder thereof, the Merger
Consideration and any dividends or other distributions as may be required under this Article III in respect of the Company Shares represented by such lost, stolen or destroyed certificates; provided that Parent may,
in its reasonable discretion and as a condition precedent to the issuance thereof, require the owner of such lost, stolen or destroyed certificates to deliver a bond in such sum as it may reasonably direct or otherwise indemnify Parent in a manner
reasonably satisfactory to Parent against any claim that may be made against Parent or the Paying Agent with respect to the certificates to have been lost, stolen or destroyed. 

(e) Termination of Payment Fund. Unless a longer period is prescribed by applicable Law or Parents agreement with the Paying
Agent, any portion of the Payment Fund that remains undistributed to the shareholders of the Company for one year following the Effective Time shall be delivered to Parent, upon demand, and any shareholders of the Company who have not theretofore
complied with this Article III shall thereafter look only to Parent for payment of their claim for the Merger Consideration or the Company Warrant Consideration (with respect to Company Warrants not previously exercised
following the Acceptance Time). 

12 

(f) No Liability. To the extent permitted under applicable Law, any Merger
Consideration, any Company Warrant Consideration (with respect to Company Warrants not previously exercised following the Acceptance Time) and any dividends or other distributions payable to any shareholder of the Company in accordance with
Section 3.2(c) that remain undistributed to the shareholders of the Company or holders of Company Warrants (with respect to Company Warrants not previously exercised following the Acceptance Time), as applicable, shall be
delivered to and become the property of Parent on the Business Day immediately before the day that such property is required to be delivered to any public official under any applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar Law. Notwithstanding
anything in the Agreement to the contrary, to the extent permitted under applicable Law, none of Parent, Merger Sub, the Surviving Company or the Paying Agent shall be liable to any shareholder of the Company for any such property delivered to
Parent or to a public official under any applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar Law. 

(i) Withholding. Each of Parent,
Merger Sub, the Surviving Company, the Paying Agent and each of their respective Affiliates and Representatives shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from (i) any amounts treated as compensation for services, (ii) the Merger
Consideration, and (iii) any other amount payable to any Person pursuant to this Agreement other than the Offer Consideration, such amounts as are required to be deducted and withheld with respect to the making of such payment under any
applicable Tax Law. Each of (1) Merger Sub (in case of (A)) and (2) Parent, Merger Sub, the Surviving Company, the Paying Agent and each of their respective Affiliates and Representatives (in case of (B)) shall only be entitled to deduct
and withhold from the Offer Consideration such amounts as it is required by Law to deduct and withhold with respect to the payment of such Offer Consideration as a result of (A) a change in any Swiss Federal Withholding Tax Act applicable to
Merger Sub after the date hereof or (B) any non-Swiss Tax Law or change thereof applicable to Parent, Merger Sub, the Surviving Company, the Paying Agent and each of their respective Affiliates and
Representatives, and only, in each case, to the extent the obligation to deduct and withhold is not increased solely by any structuring or assignment undertaken by Parent or its Affiliates) that is prohibited under
Section 7.19 or Section 10.9 of this Agreement. If Parent determines, in advance of the Acceptance Time, that any deduction or withholding in respect to the Offer Consideration may be applicable,
Parent shall promptly provide the Company and the Designated Representative with prior written notice of its intent to deduct and withhold as soon as Parent becomes aware, and Parent shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cooperate with the
Company and the Designated Representative to minimize or eliminate any such deduction or withholding to the extent permitted by applicable Tax Law, including by obtaining any tax rulings that can be obtained by Parent or Merger Sub or any of their
Affiliates from the competent Governmental Entity. In such case, Parent and the Company and the Designated Representative shall mutually appoint a Big 4 accounting firm to determine whether such deduction or withholding is legally
required. The Parties herein shall be bound by any such determination of the Big 4 accounting firm with respect to such matters. The Designated Representative shall be an express third-party beneficiary of this
Section 3.2(i) and shall be entitled to enforce its rights hereunder. For the above, to the extent such amounts are deducted or withheld and paid over to the appropriate Governmental Entity, such amounts shall be treated
for all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to the Person in respect of which such deduction or withholding was made. 

13 

Section 3.3. Treatment of Company Share Options and Company Restricted Share
Awards. 

(a) At the Acceptance Time, each Company Share Option (or portion thereof), whether or not vested, that remains outstanding
and unexercised as of immediately prior to the Acceptance Time (after giving effect to any accelerated vesting pursuant to the respective plan documentation, or a written agreement between the Company and the holder thereof or pursuant to
resolutions adopted by, and/or such other action(s) taken by, the Company Board (or the compensation committee thereof)) and that has an exercise price per Company Common Share that is less than the Common Shares Consideration, shall automatically,
without any further action on the part of Parent, the Company or the holder thereof, be cancelled and converted into the right to receive an amount in cash payable by the Company equal to the product of (A) the excess, if any, of the Common
Shares Consideration over the exercise price per Company Common Share of such Company Share Option and (B) the total number of Company Common Shares subject to such Company Share Option as of immediately prior to the Acceptance Time (the
Option Consideration). Such Option Consideration shall be paid immediately following the Acceptance Time (and in no event later than five days following the Acceptance Time), subject to Section 3.3(f)
below. 

(b) Each Company Share Option with an exercise price per Company Common Share that equals or exceeds the Common Shares
Consideration shall be deemed cancelled under the respective plan documentation without payment of any consideration in respect thereof, and all rights with respect to such Company Share Option shall be deemed terminated as of the Acceptance Time.

(c) At the Acceptance Time, each Company Restricted Share Award (or portion thereof) that vests as of immediately prior to the Acceptance
Time (after giving effect to any accelerated vesting pursuant to the respective plan documentation or a written agreement between the Company and the holder thereof and/or pursuant to resolutions adopted by, or such other action(s) taken by, the
Company Board (or the compensation committee thereof)) (each, a Vested Restricted Share Award) shall automatically, without any further action on the part of Parent, the Company or the holder thereof, be deemed cancelled and
converted into the right to receive an amount in cash payable by the company equal to the product of (i) the Common Shares Consideration and (ii) the total number of Company Common Shares subject to such Vested Restricted Share Award as of
immediately prior to the Acceptance Time (the Vested Restricted Share Award Consideration). Such Vested Restricted Share Award Consideration will be paid immediately following the Acceptance Time (and in no event later than five
days following the Acceptance Time), subject to Section 3.3(f) below. 

(d) At the Acceptance Time, each Company
Restricted Share Award (or portion thereof) that is not a Vested Restricted Share Award (each, an Unvested Restricted Share Award) shall automatically, without any further action on the part of Parent, the Company or the holder
thereof, be cancelled and converted into the right to receive an amount in cash, equal to the product of (i) the Common Shares Consideration and (ii) the total number of Company Common Shares subject to such Unvested Restricted Share Award
as of immediately prior to the Acceptance Time (the Unvested Restricted Share Award Consideration). Subject to Section 3.3(f) below, and subject to the holders continued service with Parent and its
Subsidiaries (including the Company and its Subsidiaries) through the applicable vesting dates, such Unvested Restricted Share Award Consideration will vest and become payable at the same time as the Unvested Restricted Share

14 

Award from which such Unvested Restricted Share Award Consideration was converted would have vested pursuant to its terms and shall otherwise remain subject to the same terms and conditions as
were applicable to the corresponding Unvested Restricted Share Award immediately prior to the Acceptance Time, including any accelerated vesting terms and conditions that apply on termination of employment, except that no performance-based vesting
metrics shall apply from and after the Acceptance Time. 

(e) Prior to the Acceptance Time, the Company Board (or the compensation
committee thereof) shall adopt such resolutions and take such other actions as are necessary or appropriate in order to effectuate the actions contemplated by this Section 3.3; provided that such resolutions and
actions shall expressly be conditioned upon the occurrence of the Acceptance Time and shall be of no force and effect if this Agreement is terminated. 

(f) Parent shall, or shall cause one of its Subsidiaries to, as applicable, on a timely basis (and in any event within ten Business Days from
the date of the Acceptance Time), pay to the holders of Company Share Options and Company Restricted Share Awards the cash amounts payable pursuant to this Section 3.3, less such amounts as are required to be withheld or
deducted under the Code or any provision of state, local or foreign Law. Such payments shall be made either directly to such holders or, with respect to any holders for which withholding is required, through payroll. To the extent that amounts are
withheld or deducted pursuant hereto, such withheld amounts shall be treated for the purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to the holders of Company Share Options and Company Restricted Share Awards in respect of which such deduction and
withholding was made. 

Section 3.4. Treatment of Company Warrants. Any Company Warrants that remain outstanding as of
immediately prior to the Acceptance Time shall be treated in accordance with Section 4.4 of the Warrant Agreement. The Company and Parent shall coordinate to (a) provide to the holders of Company Warrants all notices
and documents required pursuant to the Warrant Agreement in connection with the Offer and the Merger and the consummation of such transactions at the Acceptance Time and the Effective Time, as applicable, and (b) facilitate the settlement of
Company Warrants upon exercise thereof pursuant to the Warrant Agreement, including by timely providing all documentation that may be necessary in connection therewith. Such payments to the holders of Company Warrants shall be made either directly
to such holders or, with respect to any holders for which withholding is required (including where the Company Warrants held by the Global Blue EBT), through payroll and, in any event, in accordance with the Warrant Agreements. 

Section 3.5. Transaction Sequence; Subsequent Merger. The parties acknowledge and agree that, subject to the conditions and upon
the terms set forth in this Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereby will be consummated in the following order: (a) the Acceptance Time shall occur and the Offer shall be consummated then (b) the Merger shall be consummated. 

Section 3.6. Further Assurances. If, at any time before or after the Acceptance Time and the Effective Time, Parent or the Company
reasonably believes or is advised that any further instruments, deeds, assignments or assurances are reasonably necessary or desirable to consummate the Offer and the Merger or to carry out the purposes and intent of this Agreement at or after the
Acceptance Time or the Effective Time, then Parent, Merger Sub, the Company and their respective officers and directors shall execute and deliver all such proper instruments, deeds, assignments or assurances and do all other things reasonably
necessary or desirable to consummate the Offer and the Merger and to carry out the purposes and intent of this Agreement. 

15 

ARTICLE IV 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY 

Except as (a) set forth in the disclosure letter delivered by the Company to Parent simultaneously with the execution of this Agreement
by the Company (the Company Disclosure Letter) or (b) disclosed in the Company SEC Reports publicly filed with, or furnished to, the SEC between January 1, 2023 and one day prior to the date hereof (excluding any
disclosures set forth in any risk factors section or constituting forward-looking statements disclaimer or any other disclosure of risks or any other statements that are predictive or forward-looking in nature);
provided that disclosure of any item in any section or subsection of the Company Disclosure Letter shall be deemed disclosure with respect to any other section or subsection only if the relevance of such item to such other section or
subsection is reasonably apparent on the face of such disclosure, the Company hereby represents and warrants to Parent, with respect to itself and its Subsidiaries, as follows. 

Section 4.1. Organization, Standing and Power; Subsidiaries.

(a) The Company is duly incorporated and validly existing as a stock corporation (Aktiengesellschaft) under the laws of Switzerland and
has all requisite corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties, rights and assets and to carry on its business as now being conducted, and is duly qualified to do business in each jurisdiction in which the nature of its
business or the ownership or leasing of its properties, rights and assets makes such qualification necessary. Each of the Companys Subsidiaries is a company or other legal entity duly organized and validly existing and in good standing (or the
equivalent concept to the extent applicable) under the Laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization and has all requisite corporate or other appropriate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties, rights and assets and
to carry on its business as now being conducted, and is duly qualified to do business in each jurisdiction in which the nature of its business or the ownership or leasing of its properties makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure
to be so qualified has not had and would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect or prevent or materially delay or impair the ability of the Company to consummate the Offer, the Merger
or the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

(b) The copies of the Companys organizational regulations incorporated by
reference in its Form 20-F for the year ended March 31, 2024, are true and complete copies, are in full force and effect and have not been amended or otherwise modified. The Company has provided a copy of the articles of association dated
September 12, 2024 which is a complete copy, and such articles of association are in full force and effect and have not been amended or otherwise modified. The Company has delivered or made available to Parent true and complete copies of the
certificates of incorporation and by-laws or other equivalent organizational documents of each material wholly-owned Subsidiary and the Companys non-wholly owned
Subsidiaries. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in breach of any provision of its articles of association or organizational regulations or other equivalent organizational documents. 

16 

(c) Section 4.1(c) of the Company Disclosure Letter sets forth a
true and complete list of the Companys Subsidiaries together with the jurisdiction of each Subsidiary and the ownership of equity interest of each Subsidiary as of the date hereof. 

Section 4.2. Capital Structure. 

(a) The Companys capital band authorizes the Company Board, until March 1, 2028, to conduct one or more increases and/or reductions
of the share capital within the upper limit of CHF 3,142,193.39, corresponding to up to 268,534,962 Company Common Shares with a nominal value of CHF 0.01 each, 17,684,377 Company Series A Shares with a nominal value of CHF 0.01 each and up to
28,000,000 Company Series B Shares with a nominal value of CHF 0.01 each, and the lower limit of CHF 1,742,806.65, corresponding to 174,280,665 common shares with a nominal value of CHF 0.01 each, 0 Company Series A Shares with a nominal value of
CHF 0.01 each and 0 Company Series B Shares with a nominal value of CHF 0.01 each. At the close of business on February 12, 2025 (the Capitalization Date), (i) 210,317,792 Company Common Shares were issued and outstanding, and
10,951,622 Company Common Shares were held in treasury; (ii) 17,684,377 Company Series A Shares were issued and outstanding and 236 Company Series A Shares were held in treasury; (iii) 23,124,705 Company Series B Shares were issued and outstanding
and 0 Company Series B Shares were held in treasury; and (iv) there were Company Share Options covering 6,151,964 Company Common Shares, Company Restricted Share Awards covering 2,645,697 Company Common Shares, Company Warrants covering
30,735,950 Company Common Shares, in each case as granted or provided under a Company Share Plan. Excluding shares held by the Company as treasury shares, none of the Company Shares, options or Company Warrants are held by the Company or by the
Companys Subsidiaries. All of the Company Shares have been, and all Company Shares reserved for issuance shall be, when issued in accordance with the respective terms thereof, duly authorized and validly issued and are, or shall be when issued
(as the case may be) fully paid and nonassessable and (except for statutory preemptive rights (Bezugsrechte) applying by operation of law) not subject to any preemptive rights, anti-dilutive rights, rights of first refusal or other similar
rights and were issued, or will be issued (as the case may be), in compliance in all material respects with all applicable securities Laws and its articles of association and organizational regulations. Section 4.2(a) of
the Company Disclosure Letter sets forth a true and complete list of all Company Warrants, Company Share Options and Company Restricted Share Awards outstanding as of the Capitalization Date, (i) with respect to the Company Share Options and
Company Restricted Share Awards, the name of each holder thereof and (ii) the number of Company Shares subject thereto as of the date of this Agreement (without regard to any vesting or other limitations with respect thereof), and, where
applicable for Company Warrants, Company Share Options and Company Restricted Share Awards, the exercise prices, dates of grant, vesting schedules, expiration dates, performance periods, performance targets, and the Company Share Plan, if any, under
which such awards were granted. The vesting of the outstanding options granted under the ZZ Global Blue Holding Limited MIP (or unallocated options to be granted under such plans) will not accelerate or be exercisable in connection with the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and no liabilities are expected to arise as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Other than the Global Blue EBT, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries have established,
settled assets to or otherwise have any liabilities to any employee benefit trust (or similar arrangement). Other than the Company Warrants held by the Global Blue EBT, the Global Blue EBT does not hold any other shares, securities, loan notes or
cash, nor does it have any outstanding loans, loan notes or liabilities and no liabilities are expected to arise as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

17 

(b) The Company or one of its wholly owned Subsidiaries owns all of the issued and
outstanding shares in the share capital of its Subsidiaries, beneficially and of record, and all such shares are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, are not subject to preemptive rights, anti-dilutive rights, rights of
first refusal or other similar rights and are free and clear of any claim, transfer restrictions, limitations in voting rights, lien or other encumbrance (other than a Permitted Encumbrance). Except as set forth in
Section 4.2(b) of the Company Disclosure Letter, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries owns or has the right to acquire, directly or indirectly, any share capital or other voting securities of, or ownership
interests in, or any interest convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for any share capital or other voting securities of, any Person (other than its Subsidiaries). 

(c) Except as set forth in Section 4.2(a), and except for Company Common Shares that have become outstanding after
the Capitalization Date and prior to the date hereof that were reserved for issuance as set forth in Section 4.2(a), the Company does not have any shares of capital stock or other equity interests issued or outstanding, and
there are no options, warrants, calls, convertible, redeemable, exercisable or exchangeable securities, rights, commitments or agreements of any character to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which it or any such
Subsidiary is bound (i) obligating the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to issue, deliver or sell, or cause to be issued, delivered or sold, additional shares of the share capital or other equity rights of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, (ii) obligating the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to grant, extend or enter into any such subscription, option, warrant, call, put, convertible, redeemable, exercisable or exchangeable security, right, commitment or
agreement, (iii) obligating the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to redeem or otherwise acquire any share capital stock or other equity rights or interests of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or (iv) that provide the economic
(including any phantom stock, phantom stock rights, stock appreciation rights, stock-based units or any other similar interests) or voting equivalent of an equity ownership interest in the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.
Neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary has outstanding bonds, debentures, notes or other similar obligations, the holders of which have the right to vote (or which are convertible into or exercisable for securities having the right to vote)
with the holders of Company Shares on any matter. 

(d) Except for (i) the Company JV Agreements, or (ii) agreements with
employees or directors relating to options, restricted shares, restricted shares units or other equity-related securities or awards, in each case, issued or to be issued under the Company Share Plans, none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
is a party to any agreement relating to disposition, voting or dividends with respect to any equity securities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (including stock appreciation, restricted stock, stock units, phantom stock, profit
participation, other incentive equity or equity-linked compensation awards or similar rights with respect to the Company). Other than the provisions of the Companys (and its Subsidiaries) articles of association and organizational
regulations or equivalent organizational documents, there are no voting trusts, proxies or other agreements or understandings with respect to the voting of its share capital or the share capital of any of its Subsidiaries to which the Company or any
Company Subsidiary (or to the Knowledge of the Company, any other Person) is a party. Except in connection with purchases made under the Companys Share Repurchase Program, there are no outstanding contractual obligations of the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares in the share capital of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. 

18 

Section 4.3. Authority;
Non-Contravention. 

(a) Subject to obtaining the Required Company Vote, the Company has all
requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and deliver this Agreement, to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby (including the Offer) and to perform its obligations hereunder (except with respect to the Merger Agreement, the
Merger and the Subsequent Company Shareholder Approval). Except with respect to the Merger Agreement, the Merger and the Subsequent Company Shareholder Approval, the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Company and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby to which it is a party have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Company and no other corporate proceedings on the part of the Company are necessary to
authorize this Agreement or to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, subject to obtaining the Required Company Vote. The Company has no rights plan, poison-pill or other similar agreement or arrangement or any anti-takeover
provision in the articles of association or organizational regulations or other equivalent organizational documents of the Company that is as of the date hereof applicable to the Company, the Company Shares, or the transactions contemplated hereby.
This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Company and (assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by the other parties) constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in
accordance with its terms, except to the extent enforcement is limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium and similar Laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors rights and to
general equitable principles (whether considered in a proceeding at law or in equity). 

(b) Neither the execution, delivery and
performance of this Agreement or the Merger Agreement by the Company nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, including the Offer and the Merger, to which the Company is a party, nor compliance by the Company with any
of the terms or provisions hereof, will (i) violate, conflict with or result in any breach of any provision of the Companys articles of association or organizational regulations or the equivalent organizational documents of any of its
Subsidiaries, (ii) trigger any rights of first refusal, preemptive rights, preferential purchase or similar rights or (iii) assuming that the consents, approvals, Orders, authorizations, registrations, declarations and filings referred to
in Section 4.3(c) are duly obtained or made and that each of the Required Company Vote and, with respect to the Merger Agreement and the Merger, the subsequent approval by the Company Board and Subsequent Company
Shareholder Approval, is obtained, (A) violate or conflict with any Law applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective properties or assets or (B) violate, conflict with, result in a breach of any provision
of or the loss of any benefit under, constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute a default) under, require an approval, notice or a consent or waiver under, result in the cancellation, suspension,
non-renewal or termination of or a right of 

19 

termination or cancellation under, accelerate the performance required by, or result in the creation of any lien, pledge, security interest, charge or other encumbrance upon any Permit or any of
the respective properties, rights (including Intellectual Property rights), obligations or assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Permitted Encumbrances) under, any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any Company Material
Contract, except (with respect to clauses (ii) and (iii)) for such triggers, violations, conflicts, breaches or losses that have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse
Effect or prevent or materially delay or impair the ability of the Company to consummate the Offer or the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

(c) Subject to the accuracy of Parents representation set forth in Section 5.2(c), no consent, clearance,
approval, application, Order or authorization of, waiting period expiration or termination, waiver from, or registration, declaration, notice or filing with any Governmental Entity is required to be made or obtained by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries at or before the Closing in connection with the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement or the Merger Agreement by the Company or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby to which it is a party,
except for (i)(A) notices, applications, filings, authorizations, Orders, approvals and waivers from the Governmental Entities set forth in Section 4.3(c)(i)(A) of the Company Disclosure Letter which have jurisdiction over
enforcement of applicable antitrust, competition, foreign direct investment, financial services or payments regulatory Law (the notices, applications, filings, authorizations, Orders, approvals and waivers described in clause (A), the
Company Transaction Approvals), (B) compliance with applicable requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the filing with the SEC of such registration statements, prospectuses, reports and other materials as may
be required in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and the obtaining from the SEC of such approvals and clearances as may be required in connection therewith, (C) compliance with any applicable requirements
of the NYSE and (D) the filing and registration of the Merger with the Commercial Register and the receipt of the Certificate of Merger as provided for in Section 2.2, and (ii) any other consent, approval,
Order or authorization of, waiver from, or registration, declaration, notice or filing, the failure of which to obtain or make would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect. For the
avoidance of doubt, the Company Transaction Approvals do not include any notices, applications, filings, authorizations, Orders, approvals or waivers required to be submitted to or obtained from any Governmental Entities with respect to any
acquisition of or investment in Parent, the Company, and/or any of their respective Affiliates by a Person that is not an Affiliate of the Company as of the date of this Agreement. 

Section 4.4. Financial Statements and SEC Reports; Regulatory Reports; Undisclosed Liabilities. 

(a) The Company and its Subsidiaries have timely filed or furnished all required forms, reports, statements, schedules, certifications,
registration statements and other documents (including all exhibits and other information incorporated therein, amendments and supplements thereto) required to be filed or furnished by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries with or to the SEC since
January 1, 2023 (the documents referred to in this Section 4.4(a), collectively with any other forms, reports, statements, schedules, registration statements, prospectuses, proxy statements

20 

and other documents filed with or furnished to the SEC after the date hereof, the Company SEC Reports). As of its filing or furnishing date (or, if amended or superseded by a
filing prior to the date hereof, on the date of such amended or superseded filing), each Company SEC Report did, and each such Company SEC Report filed or furnished after the date hereof will, (i) comply as to form in all material respects with
the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as the case may be, each as in effect on the date that such Company SEC Report was filed, and (ii) not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. As of the date of this Agreement, there are no outstanding or unresolved comments in
comment letters received from or investigation or review being conducted by the SEC or any other Governmental Entity with respect to any Company SEC Report. No Subsidiary of the Company is subject to the periodic reporting requirements of the
Exchange Act or any foreign Governmental Entity that performs a similar function to that of the SEC or any securities exchange or quotation system. 

(b) Each Company SEC Report that is a registration statement, as amended, if applicable, filed under the Securities Act, as of the date such
registration statement or amendment became effective, did not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading. 

(c) The audited consolidated financial statements and unaudited interim consolidated financial statements (including, in each case, the notes,
if any, thereto) included in the Company SEC Reports complied as to form in all material respects with the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto, were prepared in accordance with IFRS applied on a consistent basis during
the periods involved (except as may be indicated therein or in the notes thereto and except with respect to unaudited statements as permitted by Form 6-K of the SEC) and fairly present (subject, in the case of the unaudited interim financial
statements included therein, to normal year-end adjustments that are not material in the aggregate and the absence of complete footnotes) in all material respects the consolidated financial position of the
Company and its Subsidiaries as of the respective dates thereof and the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for the respective periods then ended. The Companys Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2024 was
accompanied by the certifications required to be filed or submitted by the Companys principal executive officer and principal financial officer under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and, at the time of filing or submission of each such
certification, such certification was true and accurate and complied in all material respects with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and neither the Company nor any of its executive officers has received written notice from any Governmental Entity
challenging or questioning the accuracy, completeness, form or manner of filing of any such certifications. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to, or has any commitment to become a party to, any joint venture, off-balance sheet partnership or any similar contract, including any contract relating to any transaction or relationship between or among the Company or any Company Subsidiary, on the one hand, and any
unconsolidated affiliate, including any structured finance, special purpose or limited purpose entity or Person, on the other hand, or any off balance sheet arrangement (as defined in Item 303(a) of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC). 

21 

(d) Except for (i) those liabilities that are specifically disclosed or specifically
reflected or reserved for, in its unaudited consolidated financial statements for the six months ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the SEC on Form 6-K before the execution of this Agreement and (ii) liabilities that have not had and
would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect, (A) the Company and its Subsidiaries do not have and (B) since September 30, 2024, the Company and its Subsidiaries have
not incurred, in each case, any liabilities or obligations of any nature whatsoever (whether accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise and whether or not required to be reflected in its consolidated financial statements (or the notes thereto) in
accordance with IFRS). 

Section 4.5. Compliance with Applicable Laws and Reporting Requirements. 

(a) Except as has not had and would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect or
prevent or materially delay or impair the ability of the Company to consummate the Offer or the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (i) the Company and its Subsidiaries hold in full force and effect all Permits, and the Company
and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with the terms, conditions and requirements of their Permits and any applicable Laws, (ii) at any time since January 1, 2023, the businesses of the Company and its Subsidiaries have not been, and are
not being, conducted in violation of any applicable Laws, anti-money laundering Laws and anti-terrorism Laws, (iii) the Company and its Subsidiaries have not received or been given, at any time since January 1, 2023, any written notice or
communication from any Governmental Entity regarding any actual, alleged, or potential violation of, or a failure to comply with, any Laws or the terms and requirements of any Permit or any actual or potential revocation, withdrawal, suspension,
cancellation, modification, or termination of any Permit, (iv) all applications required to have been filed for the renewal of each Permit or other filings required to be made with respect to each Permit held by the Company or its Subsidiaries
have been duly filed on a timely basis with the appropriate Governmental Entity and (v) subject to obtaining the Company Transaction Approvals, none of the Permits will be subject to revocation, suspension,
non-renewal, adverse modification, withdrawal or termination as a result of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. 

(b) (i) The Company has established and maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in and required by Rule 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act) and such disclosure controls and procedures are (A) designed to ensure that material information relating to the Company,
including its consolidated Subsidiaries, is made known to its principal executive officer and its principal financial officer by others within those entities, particularly during the periods in which the periodic reports required under the Exchange
Act are being prepared and (B) effective in timely alerting its principal executive officer and principal financial officer to material information required to be included in its periodic reports under the Exchange Act and ensure that the
information required to be disclosed in the Company SEC Reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the SECs rules and forms; (ii) the Company and its Subsidiaries maintain a system of
internal controls over financial reporting sufficient to provide reasonable assurances regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with IFRS; (iii) the records, systems, controls,
data and information of it and its Subsidiaries are recorded, stored, maintained 

22 

and operated under means (including any electronic, mechanical or photographic process, whether computerized or not) that are under the exclusive ownership and direct control of it or its
Subsidiaries or accountants (including all means of access thereto and therefrom) and are held or maintained in such places as may be required under all applicable Laws; (iv) the Company has disclosed, based on its most recent evaluation of
internal controls before the date hereof, to its auditors and audit committee (A) any significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls which are reasonably likely to adversely affect its ability
to record, process, summarize and report financial information and (B) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in internal controls or the preparation of financial statements;
and (v) since January 1, 2023, neither the Company nor its principal executive officer and principal financial officer has received any material written complaints from a Governmental Entity challenging or questioning the accuracy,
completeness, form or manner of the accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing practices of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. 

(c) Since January 1, 2023, the Company has complied in all material respects with the applicable listing and corporate governance rules
and regulations of the NYSE. 

Section 4.6. Legal and Arbitration Proceedings and Investigations. There is no action, lawsuit,
claim, complaint, demand, arbitration or other legal proceeding (each, an Action) pending against or threatened in writing, or to the Knowledge of the Company, orally against, and to the Knowledge of the Company, there are no
investigations pending or threatened (i) against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) affecting any of their respective assets or properties or (iii) any present or former officer or director of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries (in such individuals capacity as such), which, in each case, if determined or resolved adversely in accordance with the plaintiffs or claimants demands, would, reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the
aggregate a Company Material Adverse Effect or materially delay or impair the ability of the Company to consummate the Offer or the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement. There is no Order outstanding against the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries or affecting any of their respective assets or properties which would, reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate a Company Material Adverse Effect or prevent or materially delay or impair the ability of the
Company to consummate the Offer or the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

Section 4.7. Taxes. Except as has
not had and would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect: 

(a) All Tax
Returns required by applicable Law to be filed with any Taxing Authority by, or on behalf of, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries have been filed when due (taking into account applicable extensions of time to file) in accordance with all
applicable Laws, and all such Tax Returns are true, correct and complete in all material respects. 

(b) There are no liens for any amount
of Taxes upon the assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, other than Permitted Encumbrances. 

23 

(c) The Company and each of its Subsidiaries have duly paid, or have duly withheld and
remitted (or properly set aside in accounts for such purpose), to the appropriate Taxing Authority all Taxes required to be paid by them. 

(d) There is no Action now pending, being conducted, announced or, to the Companys Knowledge, threatened against or with respect to the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries in respect of any Tax or Tax Return, and any deficiencies asserted, or assessments made as a result of any Action have been paid in full. 

(e) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has waived any statute of limitations with respect to a Tax assessment or deficiency,
which waiver is still in effect, and no request for such waiver or extension is currently pending. 

(f) No claim has been made by any
Taxing Authority in a jurisdiction where the Company or any of its Subsidiaries does not file a particular type of Tax Return that the Company or any such Subsidiary is or may be subject to taxation by that jurisdiction in respect of Taxes that
would be covered by or the subject of such Tax Return that has not since been resolved. 

(g) To the Knowledge of the Company, neither the
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has engaged in a trade or business, had a permanent establishment (within the meaning of an applicable Tax treaty) or otherwise become resident for Tax purposes, in each case, other than in such entitys
country of formation. 

(h) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has participated in, or is currently participating in, any
listed transaction within the meaning of Section 6707A(c) of the Code or similar state, local or non-U.S. Law. 

(i) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries (i) has ever been a member of an affiliated, combined, consolidated, unitary or
similar Tax group (other than any such group the common parent of which is the Company or any of its Subsidiaries) nor has any liability for Taxes of any Person (other than the Company and its Subsidiaries) as a transferee, successor, by contract or
otherwise by operation of applicable Law, (ii) is a party to or bound by any Tax sharing, Tax indemnity or Tax allocation or similar agreement or contract (other than any agreement (a) solely among the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or
(b) the primary purpose of which is not related to Taxes). 

(j) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any liability
with respect to escheat or unclaimed property and each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has complied with all escheat and unclaimed property Laws. 

Section 4.8. Absence of Certain Changes or Events. Since March 31, 2024 and prior to the date hereof, (a) there has not
been a Company Material Adverse Effect, (b) the Company and its Subsidiaries have conducted their business in the ordinary course of business in all material respects and (c) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has taken any
action that, if taken after the date hereof, would constitute a breach of or require the consent of Parent pursuant to the terms of Sections 6.1(a), 6.1(b), 6.1(c), 6.1(g) or, solely to the extent related to the sub-sections of Section 6.1 previously listed in this sentence, 6.1(u). 

24 

Section 4.9. Board Approval. The Company Board, by way of two separate
resolutions duly adopted at a meeting duly called and held, has by a vote of at least a majority of the votes cast by all directors present (including the affirmative vote of at least one Director representing the Designated Representative) and a
majority of the votes cast of the independent and disinterested directors (i.e., excluding those directors holding or representing Company Series A Shares or Company Series B Shares), (a) determined that this Agreement is in the best interests of,
and fair to, the Company and its shareholders, and declared it advisable for the Company to enter into this Agreement and effecting the Board Modification, (b) adopted this Agreement and authorized and approved the Offer and the other
transactions contemplated hereby, and (c) resolved to recommend that the shareholders of the Company accept the Offer and tender their Company Shares in the Offer and approve and adopt the Board Modification at the Company Shareholder Meeting
(the Company Recommendation), subject to Section 7.4(e), and directed that such matters be submitted for consideration by the shareholders of the Company at the Company Shareholder Meeting. None of the
foregoing actions by the Company Board has been rescinded or modified in any way (unless such rescission or modification has been effected after the date hereof in accordance with the terms of Section 7.4). 

Section 4.10. Vote Required. Except with respect to the Merger Agreement and the Merger, the affirmative vote of at least the
majority of the votes cast to adopt and approve the Board Modification is the only vote of the holders of the Companys share capital necessary to approve and consummate the transactions contemplated hereby to which the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries is a party (Required Company Vote). The only vote of the shareholders of the Company required to approve the Merger Agreement (the Subsequent Company Shareholder Approval) is the approval by a
general meeting of the Company with the affirmative vote of at least 90% of all outstanding Company Shares (excluding shares held by the Company) as required pursuant to Article 18 (5) Swiss Merger Act, with the minutes of such meeting and the vote
to be recorded in the form of a public deed as required pursuant to Article 20 (1) Swiss Merger Act. 

Section 4.11. Company
Material Contracts. 

(a) As of the date of this Agreement neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to or bound by
any Contract (except for Company Benefit Plans other than those referenced in Section 4.11(a)(ix)) (each of the type described in this Section 4.11(a), whether or not set forth in
Section 4.11(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter, being referred to herein as a Company Material Contract): 

(i) that is or will be required to be filed by the Company as a material contract under Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K of the SEC that is not already so filed; 

(ii) that contain covenants binding upon
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that (A) prohibit, materially limit or restrict the ability of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to solicit any material potential or actual customer or to engage in or compete in any business or with
any Person or in any geographic area, (B) contain most favored nation or exclusivity provisions, (C) grant any put, call, right of first refusal or right of first offer or similar right pursuant to which the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries would be required to purchase or sell, or offer for purchase or sale, any equity interests or assets (excluding ordinary course commitments to purchase goods, products and
off-the-shelf software) or businesses, or (D) under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has agreed to procure good or services pursuant to any minimum purchase obligations from any Person
pursuant to a requirements or similar agreement, in each case of (A) through (D), if such contractual rights or obligations are material to the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; 

25 

(iii) that is a Company JV Agreement, creates a partnership or joint venture
or relates to the formation, creation, operation, management or control of any partnership or joint venture, in each case, that is material to the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; 

(iv) that (A) is an indenture, credit agreement, loan agreement, security agreement, guarantee, note, mortgage or other
agreement providing for or guaranteeing indebtedness to or of any Person (other than Parent or any of its Subsidiaries) pursuant to which any indebtedness of (or liabilities guaranteed by) the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, is outstanding (or
may be incurred) or secured, (B) constituting a letter of credit, performance bond, surety bond or similar facility (whether drawn or undrawn), or (C) otherwise involves or evidences the granting of a lien, pledge, security interest,
charge or other encumbrance (other than a Permitted Encumbrance) upon any of the properties, rights, obligations or assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, in each case, in excess of $5,000,000 individually or $10,000,000 in the aggregate;

(v) (A) that provides for the acquisition or disposition of any business, assets or securities having a value, or in
exchange for consideration (regardless of the form of consideration and whether in a single payment or series of payments) greater than $10,000,000 or (B) with respect to any acquisition and divestiture pursuant to which the Company or any of
its subsidiaries has continuing earn-out or other contingent payment obligations, in each case, that would reasonably be expected to result in payments in excess of $5,000,000; 

(vi) that is a collective bargaining agreement or other similar material Contract with any Labor Organization (other than any
national or industry-wide collective agreement); 

(vii) that involves or would reasonably be expected to involve aggregate
payments by or to the Company and/or its Subsidiaries in excess of $5,000,000 in any 12-month period, except for any contract (A) that may be cancelled without penalty or termination payments or other
liability by it or its Subsidiaries upon notice of 30 days or less, or (B) solely by and among the Company and its wholly-owned Subsidiaries; 

(viii) that includes a license or other right to use material Intellectual Property, other than (A) shrink-wrap,
click-wrap and off-the-shelf software licenses, or any other non-exclusive license to software that is commercially available to
the public generally with one-time or annual license, maintenance, support and other fees of less than $350,000 and (B) non-exclusive outbound licenses or other non-exclusive rights to use Intellectual Property that are granted in the ordinary course of business; 

26 

(ix) that is a Contract for the employment or engagement of any employee,
director or any individual service provider on a full time, part time, consulting or any other basis providing for (i) gross annual base salary, base fees or base consulting fees in the aggregate in excess of 250,000 or (ii) the
payment of any severance, retention, transaction bonus, or any benefits or compensation upon the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; 

(x) that is a settlement, conciliation or similar contract (A) which would require the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
to pay consideration of more than $1,000,000 after the date of this Agreement or (B) that subjects the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any material non-monetary obligations that would continue after
the Acceptance Time (other than customary release, non-disparagement and confidentiality obligations); 

(xi) that is between the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and any director or officer of the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries or any Person beneficially owning 5% or more of the outstanding Shares, on the other hand, except for any Company Benefit Plan; 

(xii) that is between the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and any Material Customer, on the other hand;

(xiii) that is between the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and any Material Supplier, on the other
hand; 

(xiv) that is a material Company Lease with a fixed monthly rent in excess of 25,000; or 

(xv) that is a material interest rate swap, cap, floor or option agreement, a futures or forward contract or relates to any
other material interest rate, currency, commodity or other hedging or derivative transaction or risk management arrangement. 

(b) As of
the date of this Agreement, each Company Material Contract is a valid and binding obligation of the Company and its Subsidiaries (to the extent they are parties thereto or bound thereby) enforceable against the Company and, to the Knowledge of the
Company, each other party thereto, in accordance with its terms and is in full force and effect, and the Company and each of its Subsidiaries (to the extent they are party thereto or bound thereby) and, to the Knowledge of the Company, each other
party thereto has performed in all material respects all obligations required to be performed by it under each Company Material Contract, except where such failure to be valid and binding or such
non-performance has not had and would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect. As of the date of this Agreement, neither the Company nor any of
its Subsidiaries has received written notice, nor does the Company have Knowledge, of any breach, violation or default in respect of any material obligation under (or any condition which with the passage of time or the giving of notice or both would
result in such a breach, violation or default), or any intention to cancel, terminate, change the scope of or materially alter the rights or obligations under or not to renew, any Company Material Contract. The Company has made available to Parent
prior to the execution of this Agreement a true and complete copy of each Company Material Contract in effect as of the date hereof. 

27 

Section 4.12. Employee Benefits and Executive Compensation. 

(a) Section 4.12(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter sets forth as of the date of this Agreement a true and complete
list of each Company Benefit Plan (except in respect of (i) contracts of employment, and (ii) contracts for services with any individual independent contractors or other individual service providers, the list only includes all standard
form template agreements under which any such aforementioned Persons are employed or engaged by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (as applicable) along with any material deviations from such standard form template agreements). With respect to
each Company Benefit Plan listed in Section 4.12(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter, the Company has, to the extent applicable, made available to Parent (i) a true and complete copy of such Company Benefit Plan and
all governing documents and material amendments thereto, if written, or a description of the material terms of such Company Benefit Plan if not written, and (ii) as applicable, (A) each material trust agreement or instrument or deed,
insurance contract, or other funding arrangement or agreement and all material amendments thereto, (B) with respect to any such Company Benefit Plan that is intended to be tax-qualified or tax-preferred under applicable Law, the most recent determination document issued by the Governmental Entity having jurisdiction with respect to such Company Benefit Plan confirming the tax-qualified or tax-preferred status of such Company Benefit Plan, (C) the most recent annual report, audited or unaudited financial statements, actuarial report,
material funding updates, or summary annual report, and (D) all material, non-routine correspondence that relate to any Company Benefit Plan with any Governmental Entity. The Company has also provided to
Parent true and complete copies of all contracts of employment or engagement or letters of appointment (and any other agreements governing the terms of their employment or engagement or appointment) with all Executive Managers. 

(b) Each Company Benefit Plan has at all times been maintained in all material respects in accordance with its terms and all applicable Laws
and there are no Actions (other than routine claims for benefits in the normal operation of a Company Benefit Plan) ongoing, pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened in respect of or involving any Company Benefit Plan. 

(c) No Company Benefit Plan is, and none of the Company, or any of its Subsidiaries has any liabilities or obligations (whether actual,
potential, contingent or otherwise) to or with respect to, a defined benefit pension plan (other than any such plan which is a statutory plan that is required under applicable Law and is solely maintained by a Governmental Entity). Neither the
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is or has at any time been an employer or is or within the last six years has been connected with or an associate of an employer (as those terms are used in the U.K.
Pensions Act 2004) of a U.K. pension scheme, plan or arrangement which is within scope of or subject to the U.K. Pensions Regulators powers under section 38 to 51 and/or sections 58A to 58D of the U.K. Pensions Act 2004. The Company and its
Subsidiaries only participate in or sponsor pension or retirement schemes or arrangements which fall within the definition of money purchase schemes in section 181 of the U.K. Pension Schemes Act 1993 or the equivalent under any
applicable local Law in jurisdictions outside of the U.K. 

28 

(d) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries provides or has any obligations to
provide welfare benefits to any current or former employees, individual independent contractors or other individual service providers of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (or any spouse, beneficiary or dependent of the foregoing) following such
persons retirement, or termination of employment or engagement with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (other than fully insured death benefits provided via a Company Benefit Plan when termination occurs upon death), except as required by
Law. 

(e) None of the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the shareholders approval of the transactions contemplated hereby,
or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby (whether alone or in connection with any other event(s)) would (i) result in any payment or compensation (including severance, golden parachute, transaction bonus or otherwise)
becoming due to any current or former director, officer, employee, individual independent contractor or other individual service provider of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and which is payable by and at the expense of the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries under any Company Benefit Plan or otherwise, (ii) increase any compensation or benefits otherwise payable under any Company Benefit Plan, (iii) result in any acceleration of the time of payment, funding or vesting of any
compensation or benefit payable under any Company Benefit Plan or otherwise (iv) result in excess parachute payments within the meaning of Section 280G(b) of the Code or restricted compensation under Article 735c Section 1
and 6 of the Swiss Code of Obligations or (v) result in any breach or violation of or default under or limit any rights to merge, amend, modify or terminate any Company Benefit Plan. 

(f) No current or former employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has previously transferred to the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries pursuant to TUPE who at any time prior to such transfer was a member of a U.K. defined benefit pension plan, in circumstances where the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has (or would reasonably be expected to have) inherited any
obligation (whether contingent or otherwise) to fund, or otherwise meet the cost of, any enhanced early retirement or redundancy benefits, which are derived from such former employers pension plan. 

(g) No Company Benefit Plan is (or at any time has been) maintained, contributed to, or required to be contributed by the Company or its
Subsidiaries for any current or former director, officer, employee, individual independent contractor or other individual service provider of the Company or its Subsidiaries who resides in the United States. 

Section 4.13. Labor Relations and Other Employment Matters. 

(a) Section 4.13(a)(i) of the Company Disclosure Letter sets forth as of the date of this Agreement a true and
complete list of each collective bargaining and all material works council agreements or other similar labor agreement to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or otherwise bound. There is no ongoing, pending or, to the Knowledge
of the Company, threatened representation petition or organizing campaign or, to the Knowledge of the Company, other similar activity by any Labor Organization involving employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Neither the Company nor
any of its Subsidiaries has any obligation to inform, provide information to, consult with and/or seek the consent of any, labor union, trade union, works council (including European Works Council) or other similar collective employee
representative(s) (each, a Labor Organization) in relation to this Agreement (or any of the transactions or events contemplated under this Agreement, including the Offer or the Merger). 

29 

(b) The Company has provided to Parent, as of the date of this Agreement, a true, up to date
and complete, in each case, in all material respects: (i) list of all employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries (except for ZZ Global Blue Holding Limited, Kinphire Limited and Shipup SA), including the name of their employer or engaging
entity, date of commencement of employment or engagement, role or title, job location, part-time or full-time status, base annual salary and bonus opportunity; (ii) an overview census showing the total number of employees employed by each of ZZ
Global Blue Holding Limited, Kinphire Limited and Shipup SA; and (iii) an overview census showing the total number of contingent workers and individual service provider engaged by the Company and its Subsidiaries in each jurisdiction. The
Company has also provided to Parent, as of the date of this Agreement, true, up to date and complete copies in all material respects of all Contracts scheduled at Section 4.13(a)(i) of the Company Disclosure Letter to the
extent such Contracts are not publicly available. 

(c) Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the
aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on the Company, in the three years prior to the date of this Agreement, (i) there is no ongoing and there has not occurred or, to the Knowledge of the Company, been any threatened in writing, any strike,
slowdown, work stoppage, picketing, lockout, concerted refusal to work overtime or other similar labor disruption or Labor Organization organizing campaign with respect to any employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and (ii) there
are no, and have not been any, Actions, claims, disputes, proceedings, unfair labor practice charges, grievances, arbitrations, administrative charges or complaints by or in respect of any current or former employee or individual independent
contractor (or any other individual service provider) of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (whether individual or collective) ongoing, pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened in writing, against or involving the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries. 

(d) Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect
on the Company, in the three years prior to the date of this Agreement, the Company and its Subsidiaries have each been in compliance with all applicable Laws relating to employment and labor, including all applicable Laws relating to wages and
other compensation (including overtime and holiday pay), hours, working time, benefits, collective bargaining, discrimination, harassment, retaliation, whistleblowing, civil rights, safety and health, workers compensation, pay equity and
gender equality, classification of employees, classification of non-employees (including, but not limited to, independent contractors, freelancers and consultants), immigration and work authorization, hiring,
reductions in force, redundancies, and the collection and payment of withholding and/or social security Taxes and any other employment related Taxes. In the three years prior to the date of this Agreement, no Executive Manager of the Company or any
Company Subsidiary has been the subject of an allegation of sexual harassment or other material allegation of discrimination, retaliation or other similar misconduct in their capacity as such. 

30 

(e) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has: (i) given or received any
notice (which is current and outstanding) terminating the office and/or employment or engagement (or both) of any Executive Manager; (ii) any obligation to make, or custom or practice of making, a payment to any of its employees on redundancy
or termination of employment in excess of the applicable minimum statutory redundancy or severance payment; and/or (iii) in the three years prior to the date of this Agreement, given notice of or started any collective redundancy consultation
or other action with respect to any mass layoff or similar group reduction in force, nor terminated employment contracts on an individual basis that would result in the obligation of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to implement a statutory
process for collective redundancies under applicable Laws. 

(f) In the three years prior to the date of this Agreement, no current or
former employee or worker has at any time transferred to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to TUPE or similar/equivalent local legislation in any jurisdiction applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, except for transfers
of employment of employees from a Subsidiary of the Company to the Company or another Subsidiary of the Company. 

Section 4.14.
Intellectual Property. Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect: 

(a) Section 4.14(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter accurately identifies each Intellectual Property registration
or application (Registered IP) owned by the Company or its Subsidiaries. The items of Registered IP that are material to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries are subsisting and unexpired and, each such item of Registered IP is
valid and enforceable. Each item of Company Owned Intellectual Property is exclusively owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries free and clear of any lien or encumbrance (other than Permitted Encumbrances). 

(b) All of the material Intellectual Property created for the Company or any of its Subsidiaries by any of the Companys or its
Subsidiaries employees and independent contractors which do not vest in the Company or one of its Subsidiaries by operation of Law have been validly and irrevocably assigned to the Company or one of its Subsidiaries. 

(c) The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable measures to protect the confidentiality of their Trade Secrets, and all Trade
Secrets of third parties in their possession. 

(d) Since January 1, 2023, none of the Company or its Subsidiaries nor the operation
of their respective businesses has infringed, misappropriated, diluted or otherwise violated the Intellectual Property rights of any third party. 

(e) There is no Action pending, asserted or, threatened in writing against the Company or its Subsidiaries concerning the ownership, validity,
registerability, enforceability, or scope of any material Company Owned Intellectual Property, or asserting any material claim of infringement, misappropriation, dilution or other violations or misuse of any Intellectual Property by the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries. 

(f) To the Knowledge of the Company, no Person is infringing, misappropriating, diluting or otherwise violating
any Company Owned Intellectual Property. 

31 

(g) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has disclosed to any third party, or
deposited in escrow, the source code of any material Company Software, or is under any obligation to do so (other than limited disclosure to service providers of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, which service providers are contractually
obligated to maintain the source code in confidence, and solely to the extent necessary for such service providers to provide the relevant services to the Company or its applicable Subsidiary). None of the material Company Software incorporates,
links with, or otherwise uses any Open Source Software in a manner that would (i) require the licensing or disclosure of any source code of such Company Software, (ii) authorize the decompilation, disassembly, or reverse engineering of
such Company Software, (iii) require the licensing of such Company Software for the purpose of creating derivative works, or (iv) prohibit or restrict the Company or any of its Subsidiaries from charging fees to licensees for use of such
Company Software or any material Company Owned Intellectual Property. 

Section 4.15. Information Systems; Data Privacy; Data
Security. Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect: 

(a) The computer, information technology and data processing systems, facilities and services owned, leased or licensed by the Company and its
Subsidiaries and used in their businesses, including all software, hardware, networks, communications facilities, platforms and related systems and services (collectively, the Company Systems), are sufficient in all material
respects for the conduct of the respective businesses of the Company and its Subsidiaries as currently conducted. The Company Systems have not materially malfunctioned or failed since January 1, 2023 and are in good working condition to
effectively perform all computing, information technology and data processing operations necessary for the operation of the respective businesses of the Company and its Subsidiaries as currently conducted. The Company and its Subsidiaries have
implemented commercially reasonable data backup, data storage, system redundancy and disaster avoidance and recovery systems and procedures in accordance with good industry practice and applicable Law. 

(b) Since January 1, 2023: (i) the Company and its Subsidiaries (and to the Knowledge of the Company, all third parties Processing
Personal Data on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (collectively, Data Partners), solely with respect to Personal Data) comply and have each complied with all applicable Privacy Requirements; (ii) the Company
and its Subsidiaries have each taken commercially reasonable measures to ensure that all Personal Data and/or Company Systems in its possession or control are protected against Security Incidents, including by implementing a written information
security program; (iii) the Company, its Subsidiaries, and to the Knowledge of the Company, its Data Partners (solely with respect to the Personal Data of the Company and its Subsidiaries), have not experienced any Security Incidents; and
(iv) to the Knowledge of the Company, the Company Systems are free from spyware, Trojan horses, worms, viruses or malware. Since January 1, 2023, none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or to the Knowledge of the Company, any Data
Partner (solely with respect to the Personal Data of the Company and its Subsidiaries), has (A) notified or been required under applicable Law to notify any Person of any Security Incident, or (B) received any written notice, inquiry,
request, claim, complaint, correspondence or other communication from, or enforcement action by, any Person, in each case, based on any actual, alleged, or potential violation of a Privacy Requirement by the Company or a Security Incident. To the
Knowledge of the Company, there are no facts or circumstances that would reasonably be expected to give rise to the occurrence of (A) and (B). 

32 

Section 4.16. Properties. 

(a) The Company or one of its Subsidiaries has (i) a valid leasehold or sublease interest or other comparable contract right in the real
property that the Company or any of its Subsidiaries leases, subleases or otherwise occupies without owning (each such real property, a Company Leased Real Property and each such lease, sublease or comparable right, a
Company Lease), and (ii) good, valid and marketable title to, or a valid leasehold, sublease interest or other comparable contract right in, the other material tangible assets and properties necessary to the conduct of the
businesses of the Company and its Subsidiaries as currently conducted, in each case, free and clear of all liens, encumbrances, claims, security interests, mortgages, charges, defects or imperfections of title and other similar encumbrances except
for Permitted Encumbrances or those that have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect. 

(b) Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, (i) the
Company and its Subsidiaries have complied in all respects with the terms of all Company Leases and all Company Leases are in full force and effect, (ii) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received or delivered any written
notice that the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any other party thereto is in breach or default under any Company Lease, (iii) the right of Company and its Subsidiaries to use any Company Leased Real Property, subject to a Company Lease,
has not been sublet, assigned or otherwise granted to any third party, nor have the Company or any of its Subsidiaries pledged, mortgaged or otherwise granted a lien on its leasehold interest in any Company Leased Real Property and (iv) the
Company and any of its Subsidiaries have not exercised or given any notice of exercise of, nor has any lessor or landlord exercised or given any notice of exercise by such party of, any option, right of first offer or right of first refusal
contained in any such Company Lease. 

(c) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries owns any real property. 

Section 4.17. Environmental Matters. Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
Company Material Adverse Effect, (a) the Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws, (b) without limiting the foregoing, the Company and its Subsidiaries hold all Permits required under applicable
Environmental Laws, and the Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with the terms and requirements of such Permits, (c) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any written notice or communication from any
Governmental Entity regarding any actual, alleged or potential Action pursuant to, violation of, or failure to comply with, any applicable Environmental Law, and (d) to the Knowledge of the Company, there have been no Releases of Hazardous
Materials that would reasonably be expected to result in liability to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries under any applicable Environmental Law (i) at any real property currently owned, operated or leased by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, including Company Leased Real Property, (ii) at any property formerly owned, operated or leased by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or (iii) at any third party site by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. 

33 

Section 4.18. Opinions of Financial Advisors. The Company Board has
received (a) the oral opinion of IFBC AG (to be confirmed by delivery of a written opinion from IFBC AG, dated as of the date thereof), to the effect that, as of the date of such written opinion, and based upon and subject to the matters set
forth therein, including the various assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered, and qualifications and limitations set forth therein, the Common Share Offer Consideration is fair, from a financial point of view, to the holders (other
than Parent, Merger Sub and their Affiliates) of Company Common Shares and (b) the opinion of J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, the Companys financial advisor, to the effect that, as of the date of such opinion and based on and subject to
matters set forth therein, including the various assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered, and qualifications and limitations set forth therein, the aggregate amount of Common Shares Consideration, Series A Consideration, Series B
Consideration, Option Consideration, Vested Restricted Share Award Consideration, Unvested Restricted Share Award Consideration and cash payments to be made in connection with the Company Warrants, as set forth in this Agreement, to be paid to the
holders of the Company Shares, Company Options, Company Restricted Share Awards and Company Warrants in the Offer and Merger is fair, from a financial point of view, to such holders, taken as a whole. The Company will make available to Parent,
solely for informational purposes and on a non-reliance basis, a signed copy of such opinions as promptly as reasonably practicable following execution of this Agreement and receipt thereof by the Company
Board. 

Section 4.19. Takeover Laws. No fair price, moratorium, control share acquisition,
interested shareholder or other anti-takeover statute or regulation applicable to the Company would reasonably be expected to prevent, restrict, prohibit, materially delay or impair the ability of the Company to enter into this
Agreement, consummate the Offer and the Merger or the other transactions contemplated hereby by reason of it being a party to this Agreement, performing its obligations hereunder and thereunder and consummating the Offer and the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated hereby. 

Section 4.20. Brokers or Finders. Other than J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, J.P. Morgan
Securities plc and IFBC AG, no agent, finder, broker, investment banker, financial advisor or other firm or Person is or will be entitled to any brokers, finders, financial advisors fee or any other similar commission or fee or the
reimbursement of expenses that is contingent on the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including the Offer, based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. The Company has
made available to Parent, solely for informational purposes, a true and complete copy of the Companys engagement letter with each of J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities plc and IFBC AG. 

Section 4.21. Insurance. The Company has made available to Parent an accurate and complete copy of all material insurance policies
relating to the business, assets and operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries. Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect, (a) all insurance policies of the
Company and its Subsidiaries are in full force and effect and provide insurance in such amounts and against such risks as is sufficient to comply with applicable Law, (b) all premiums due with 

34 

respect to such insurance policies have been paid in accordance with the terms thereof, (c) other than in connection with ordinary course renewals, the Company has not received any written
notice of termination, cancellation or non-renewal with respect to any such policy, nor, to the Knowledge of the Company, are any of the foregoing threatened, and (d) there is no existing material breach,
default or other event which, with the giving of notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a material breach or default by any applicable insured under the insurance policies of the Company and its Subsidiaries. 

Section 4.22. Related Party Transactions. Except (a) payment of compensation (whether written or unwritten) for employment to
employees, (b) any Company Benefit Plans and (c) indemnification rights relating to an individuals service as a director, manager or officer, there are no contracts between an Affiliate of the Company (other than any Subsidiaries of
the Company), on the one hand, and the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, on the other hand. 

Section 4.23. Customers and
Suppliers. Section 4.23 of the Company Disclosure Letter sets forth (a) a true and correct list of the top 15 customers of the Company and its Subsidiaries based on total revenue received by the Company or any
Subsidiary during the last 12 months ended December 31, 2024 (each, a Material Customer), and (b) a true and correct list of the top 15 suppliers of the Company and its Subsidiaries based on total payments during the
last 12 months ended December 31, 2024 (each, a Material Supplier). As of the date hereof, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any written notice from any Material Customer or Material Supplier of its
intention to terminate or not renew its business relationship with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, to decrease materially purchasing or providing (as applicable) services or products, or to otherwise adversely modify or materially change the
terms of its existing contracts or business relationship with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, either as a result of the transactions contemplated hereby or otherwise. 

Section 4.24. Anti-Corruption Laws. Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a
Company Material Adverse Effect: 

(a) Neither the Company, nor any Subsidiary, nor any director, officer, employee nor to the Knowledge of
the Company, any agent, Representative, or any other Person acting on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, has directly or knowingly indirectly, in each case in their capacities as such, has in the last five years violated any
applicable anti-corruption laws including, but not limited to, the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, the U.K. Bribery Act 2010, or any other applicable anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws, rules, regulations and
orders (collectively, Anti-Corruption Laws); nor in the last six years has the Company, any Subsidiary, nor any director, officer, employee nor to the Knowledge of the Company, any agent, representative, or any other Person acting
on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, in each case in their capacities as such, corruptly offered, paid, promised to pay, authorized, solicited, or received the payment of money or anything of value directly or indirectly, to or from
any Person, including any Government Officials: (i) to influence any official act or decision of a Government Official; (ii) to induce a Government Official to do or omit to do any act in violation of a lawful duty; (iii) to induce a
Government Official to influence the act or decision of a Governmental Entity; (iv) to secure any improper business advantage; (v) to obtain or retain business in any way related to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; or (vi) that
would otherwise constitute a bribe, kickback, or other improper or illegal payment or benefit. 

35 

(b) The Company has implemented and maintain policies and procedures reasonably designed to
promote and achieve compliance by their directors, officers, employees, and agents with applicable Anti-Corruption Laws. 

(c) Neither the
Company, nor any Subsidiary, nor any director, officer, employee nor to the Knowledge of the Company, any agent, representative, or any other Person acting on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has in the last five years (i) been
the subject of any allegations, investigations (internal or government), litigation, whistleblower reports, or made a voluntary, mandatory or directed disclosure to any Governmental Entity relating to any actual or potential violation of any
Anti-Corruption Laws or (ii) been a party to or the subject of any pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or its Subsidiaries, threatened action or investigation related to any actual or potential violation of Anti-Corruption Laws. 

Section 4.25. Trade Controls. Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company
Material Adverse Effect: 

(a) The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has, since April 24, 2019: (i) complied with applicable Trade
Controls and Sanctions; (ii) maintained in place and implemented controls and systems reasonably designed to comply with applicable Trade Controls and Sanctions; (iii) not engaged in a transaction or dealing, directly or knowingly
indirectly, with or involving a Sanctioned Country or Sanctioned Person, except to the extent authorized under Sanctions; and (iv) not been the subject of investigations or to the Knowledge of the Company, otherwise involved in investigations
or enforcement actions by any Governmental Entity or other legal proceedings with respect to any actual or alleged violations of Trade Controls or Sanctions, and has not been notified of any such pending or threatened actions. 

(b) None of the Company, each of its Subsidiaries, nor any of their respective directors, officers or, to the Knowledge of the Company,
employees or agents is: (i) a Sanctioned Person; (ii) subject to debarment or any list-based designations under any Trade Controls; or (iii) engaged in transactions, dealings or activities that would reasonably be expected to cause
such Person to become a Sanctioned Person. 

Section 4.26. CFIUS Matters. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
(i) produce, design, test, manufacture, fabricate, or develop any critical technologies, as that term is defined in 31 C.F.R. 800.215; (ii) perform any of the functions as set forth in column 2 of Appendix A to 31 C.F.R. Part
800 with respect to covered investment critical infrastructure, as defined in 31 C.F.R. 800.212; or (iii) maintain or collect, directly or indirectly, sensitive personal data, as defined in 31 C.F.R. 
800.241, of U.S. citizens; and, therefore, in turn, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a TID U.S. business within the meaning of that term in 31 C.F.R. 800.248. 

Section 4.27. Disclosure Documents. 

(a) The Schedule 14D-9 and any amendment or supplement thereto, except with respect to information
that relates solely to Parent or is supplied by Parent for inclusion in the Schedule 14D-9 pursuant to Section 1.2(a), when filed, (i) will comply as to form in all material
respects with the requirements of applicable U.S. federal securities Law and (ii) will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 

36 

(b) To the Knowledge of the Company, none of the information supplied or to be supplied by
the Company specifically for inclusion or incorporation by reference in the Offer Documents or any amendment or supplement thereto will, at the time the Offer Documents or any amendment or supplement thereto are filed, contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 

(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 4.27, no representation or warranty is made by the
Company with respect to statements made or incorporated by reference in the Offer Documents based on information supplied by or on behalf of Parent in writing specifically noted for inclusion or incorporation by reference therein. 

Section 4.28. No Other Representations and Warranties. In connection with the due diligence investigation of Parent by the
Company, the Company received and may continue to receive from Parent certain estimates, projections, forecasts and other forward-looking information, as well as certain business plan and cost-related plan information, regarding Parent,
Parents Subsidiaries and their respective business and operations. The Company hereby acknowledges that there are uncertainties inherent in attempting to make such estimates, projections, forecasts and other forward-looking information, with
which the Company is familiar. Accordingly, except for the representations and warranties contained in Article V and in any certificate delivered by Parent or Merger Sub to the Company pursuant to this Agreement, the
Company acknowledges that neither Parent, Merger Sub nor any Representative of Parent makes, and the Company acknowledges that it has not relied upon or otherwise been induced by, any other express or implied representation or warranty with respect
to Parent or any Subsidiary thereof (including Merger Sub) or with respect to any other information provided or made available to the Company in connection with the Merger, including any information, documents, projections, forecasts or other
material made available to the Company or to the Companys Representatives in certain data rooms or management presentations in expectation of the Merger or the accuracy or completeness of any of the foregoing, except, in each case
for the representations and warranties contained in Article V and in any certificate delivered by Parent or Merger Sub to the Company pursuant to this Agreement. 

ARTICLE V 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT 

Except as (a) set forth in the disclosure letter delivered by Parent to the Company simultaneously with the execution of this Agreement
by Parent (the Parent Disclosure Letter) or (b) disclosed in the Parent SEC Reports publicly filed with, or furnished to, the SEC on or after January 1, 2023 and on or before one day prior to the date hereof (excluding
any disclosures set forth in any risk factors section or constituting forward-looking statements disclaimer or any other disclosure of risks or any other statements that are predictive or forward-looking in nature) and
provided that disclosure of any item in any section or subsection of the Parent Disclosure Letter shall be deemed disclosure with respect to any other section or subsection only if the relevance of such item to such other section or
subsection is reasonably apparent on the face of such disclosure, Parent hereby represents and warrants to the Company, with respect to Parent and its Subsidiaries, as follows. 

37 

Section 5.1. Organization, Standing and Power. 

(a) Parent is a corporation duly organized and validly existing and in good standing (or the equivalent concept to the extent applicable)
under the Laws of the State of Delaware, has all requisite corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties, rights and assets and to carry on its business as now being conducted, and is duly qualified to do business in each
jurisdiction in which the nature of its business or the ownership or leasing of its properties, rights and assets makes such qualification necessary. Each of Parents Subsidiaries is a company or other legal entity duly organized and validly
existing and in good standing (or the equivalent concept to the extent applicable) under the Laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization, has all requisite corporate or other appropriate power and authority to own, lease and operate
its properties, rights and assets and to carry on its business as now being conducted, and is duly qualified to do business in each jurisdiction in which the nature of its business or the ownership or leasing of its properties makes such
qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified has not had and would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Parent Material Adverse Effect. 

(b) The copies of Parents certificate of incorporation, by-laws and stockholder agreement dated
June 4, 2020 (the Parent Stockholders Agreement) incorporated by reference in its annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended on December 31, 2023, are true and complete copies, are in full
force and effect and have not been amended or otherwise modified. Neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries is in breach of any provision of its certificate of incorporation or by-laws or other equivalent
organizational documents. 

(c) Merger Sub will be formed indirectly by Parent solely for the purpose of effecting the Offer and the Merger
and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Merger Sub will not have conducted any business before the Acceptance Time other than business contemplated by this Agreement, and immediately before the Acceptance Time will have no assets,
liabilities or obligations of any nature other than those incident to its formation or as necessary to carry out its obligations under this Agreement. 

Section 5.2. Authority; Non-Contravention. 

(a) Parent has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement subject to the Parent Stockholder Consent. Merger Sub
will have all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and the Merger Agreement and to consummate the Merger and the affirmative vote of Parent as the sole quota holder of Merger Sub at the meeting of the sole quota
holder approving the Merger (the Merger Sub Vote). The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by Parent and Merger Sub and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby to which Parent is and
Merger Sub will be a party have been or will be, as applicable, duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on Parents or Merger Subs part, and no other corporate proceedings on their part are necessary to authorize this Agreement
or to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, subject to 

38 

obtaining the Merger Sub Vote and the approval of the Merger Sub Board. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Parent, and will be duly executed and delivered by Merger Sub upon
its joinder hereto, and (assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by the other parties) constitutes or will constitute a valid and binding obligation of each of Parent and Merger Sub, enforceable against Parent and Merger Sub in
accordance with its terms, except to the extent enforcement is limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium and similar Laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors rights and to
general equitable principles (whether considered in a proceeding at law or in equity). Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Merger Agreement will be duly executed and delivered by Parent and Merger Sub and (assuming the due
authorization, execution and delivery by the other parties thereto) when so executed and delivered, will constitute a valid and binding obligation of Parent and Merger Sub, enforceable against Parent and Merger Sub in accordance with its terms,
except to the extent enforcement is limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium and similar Laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors rights and to general equitable principles
(whether considered in a proceeding at law or in equity). 

(b) Neither the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement nor the
Merger Agreement by Parent (with respect to this Agreement only) or Merger Sub (as and when applicable) nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby to which Parent is a party and Merger Sub will be a party, nor compliance
by Parent or Merger Sub with any of the terms or provisions hereof, will (i) violate, conflict with or result in any breach of any provision of Parents articles of incorporation or by-laws or, in
the case of Merger Sub, its articles of association or organizational regulations or the equivalent organizational documents of any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) trigger any rights of first refusal, preemptive rights, preferential purchase or
similar rights or (iii) assuming that the consents, approvals, Orders, authorizations, registrations, declarations and filings referred to in Section 5.2(c) are duly obtained or made, (A) violate or conflict with
any Law applicable to Parent or Merger Sub or any of their respective properties or assets or (B) violate, conflict with, result in a breach of any provision of or the loss of any benefit under, constitute a default (or an event which, with
notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute a default) under, require an approval, notice or a consent or waiver under, result in the cancellation, suspension, non-renewal or termination of or a right
of termination or cancellation under, accelerate the performance required by, or result in the creation of any lien, pledge, security interest, charge or other encumbrance upon any Permit or any of the respective properties, rights, obligations or
assets of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Permitted Encumbrances) under, any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any Contract material to Parent, except (with respect to clauses (ii) and (iii)) for such
triggers, violations, conflicts, breaches or losses that have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Parent Material Adverse Effect. 

(c) Subject to the accuracy of the Companys representation set forth in Section 4.3(c), no consent, clearance,
approval, application, Order or authorization of, waiting period expiration or termination, waiver from, or registration, declaration, notice or filing with any Governmental Entity is required to be made or obtained by Parent or any of its
Subsidiaries at or before the Closing in connection with the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement or the Merger Agreement by Parent or Merger Sub or the consummation of the transactions

39 

contemplated hereby or thereby to which Parent is a party or Merger Sub will be a party, except for (i)(A) notices, applications, filings, authorizations, Orders, approvals and waivers from the
Governmental Entities set forth in Section 4.3(c)(i)(A) of the Company Disclosure Letter which have jurisdiction over enforcement of applicable antitrust, competition, foreign direct investment, financial services or
payments regulatory Law (the notices, applications, filings, authorizations, Orders, approvals and waivers described in this clause (A) the Parent Transaction Approvals and, together with the Company Transaction Approvals,
the Transaction Approvals), (B) compliance with applicable requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the filing with the SEC of such registration statements, prospectuses, reports and other materials as may be
required in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and the obtaining from the SEC of such approvals and clearances as may be required in connection therewith and (C) compliance with any applicable requirements
of the NYSE and (ii) any other consent, approval, Order or authorization of, waiver from, or registration, declaration, notice or filing, the failure of which to obtain or make would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the
aggregate, a Parent Material Adverse Effect. For the avoidance of doubt, the Parent Transaction Approvals do not include any notices, applications, filings, authorizations, Orders, approvals or waivers required to be submitted to or obtained from
any Governmental Entities with respect to any acquisition of or investment in Parent, the Company, and/or any of their respective Affiliates by a Person that is not an Affiliate of Parent as of the date of this Agreement. The transactions
contemplated under this Agreement do not require prospectus approval under the Swiss Financial Services Act. 

Section 5.3. Board
Approval. 

(a) The Parent Board, by resolutions duly adopted at a meeting duly called and held, has (i) unanimously determined
that it is advisable to enter into this Agreement and the Merger Agreement upon the terms and conditions set forth herein and to consummate the Offer, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby and (ii) adopted this Agreement and
authorized and approved the Offer and the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby. 

(b) The managing directors of Merger
Sub, will by unanimous written consent without a meeting, (i) unanimously determine that it is in the best interests of Merger Sub to enter into this Agreement and the Merger Agreement and to consummate the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby, (ii) adopt this Agreement and the Merger Agreement and authorize and approve the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and (iii) recommend that the sole quota holder of Merger
Sub approve such matters. 

Section 5.4. Legal and Arbitration Proceedings and Investigations. There is no Action pending
against or threatened in writing, or to the Knowledge of Parent, orally against, and to the Knowledge of Parent, there are no investigations pending or threatened (i) against Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or (ii) affecting any of their
respective assets or properties which, in each case, if determined or resolved adversely in accordance with the plaintiffs or claimants demands, would, reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate a Parent Material
Adverse Effect. There is no Order outstanding against Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or affecting any of their respective assets or properties which would, reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate a Parent Material Adverse
Effect. 

40 

Section 5.5. Vote Required. Other than the Parent Stockholder Consent and the
Merger Sub Vote, no vote or consent of the holders of any class or series of Parents share capital or other securities is necessary to approve this Agreement, the Offer or the Merger or the transactions to which Parent is a party or to which
Merger Sub will be a party contemplated hereby or thereby. None of the holders of Parent (in its capacity as such) have any appraisal, dissenters or similar rights under applicable Law in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement or the Merger Agreement. 

Section 5.6. Takeover Laws. No fair price, moratorium,
control share acquisition, interested shareholder or other anti-takeover statute or regulation applicable to Parent or Merger Sub would reasonably be expected to prevent, restrict, prohibit, materially delay or impair the
ability of Parent to enter into this Agreement or the Merger Agreement, consummate the Offer and the Merger or the other transactions contemplated hereby or thereby by reason of it being a party to this Agreement or the Merger Agreement, performing
its obligations hereunder and thereunder and consummating the Offer and the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby. 

Section 5.7. Brokers or Finders. Other than Goldman, Sachs & Co. and its Affiliates, no agent, finder, broker, investment
banker, financial advisor or other firm or Person is or will be entitled to any brokers, finders, financial advisors fee or any other similar commission or fee or the reimbursement of expenses that is contingent on the consummation
of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of Parent. 

Section 5.8.
Disclosure Documents. 

(a) The Offer Documents and any amendment or supplement thereto, except with respect to information that
relates solely to the Company, when filed, (i) will comply as to form in all material respects with the requirements of applicable U.S. federal securities Law and (ii) will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 

(b) To the Knowledge of Parent, none of the information supplied or to be supplied by Parent specifically for inclusion or incorporation by
reference in the Schedule 14D-9 or any amendment or supplement thereto will at the time the Schedule 14D-9 or any amendment or supplement thereto is filed, contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 

(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 5.8, no representation or warranty is made by Parent
with respect to statements made or incorporated by reference in the Schedule 14D-9 based on information supplied by or on behalf of the Company in writing specifically noted for inclusion or incorporation by
reference therein. 

41 

Section 5.9. Financing. 

(a) Assuming the Debt Financing is funded in accordance with the Debt Commitment Letter, the aggregate proceeds of the Debt Financing
contemplated by the Debt Commitment Letter, together with any available cash and other sources of immediately available funds of Parent and its Subsidiaries, shall constitute sufficient funds to make the payments required to be made by Parent and
its Subsidiaries hereunder at the Acceptance Time and on the Closing Date, to consummate the Offer and the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Merger Agreement, including to pay in full the Offer Consideration,
the Merger Consideration, the Company Warrant Consideration, the Option Consideration, the Vested Restricted Share Award Consideration and the Payoff Amount and to make payment of all fees, costs, expenses and other amounts, in each case, required
to be paid by Parent and its Subsidiaries at the Acceptance Time and on or prior to the Closing Date in accordance with this Agreement (such amount, the Required Amount). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein,
the parties acknowledge and agree that the availability of the Debt Financing (or other financing) shall not be a condition to the obligations of Parent and Merger Sub to consummate the Offer and the Merger and/or the transactions contemplated
hereby. (i) Parent has delivered to the Company a true, complete and correct copy of the executed Debt Commitment Letter, (ii) the Debt Commitment Letter has not been amended, supplemented or modified, (iii) the respective commitments
contained in the Debt Commitment Letter have not been withdrawn, terminated or rescinded in any respect and, to the Knowledge of the Parent, no such withdrawal, termination or rescission is contemplated and (iv) except for any fee letter (a
complete copy of which has been provided to the Company, which may be redacted with respect to fees and other economic terms (provided that Parent represents and warrants that the redactions in such fee letter do not permit the imposition of any new
conditions (or the expansion of any existing conditions) to obtaining the Debt Financing)) with respect to the Debt Commitment Letter, there are no side letters or agreements to which Parent is a party that could reasonably be expected to affect the
conditionality, amount, availability, enforceability or termination of the Debt Financing other than as expressly set forth in the Debt Commitment Letter delivered to the Company on or prior to the date hereof. As of the date hereof, the Debt
Commitment Letter is in full force and effect and is enforceable against each of Parent and Merger Sub (once incorporated) and, to the Knowledge of Parent, the commitment parties thereto in accordance with its terms, except to the extent enforcement
is limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium and similar Laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors rights and to general equitable principles (whether considered in a proceeding
at law or in equity). There are no conditions precedent to the provision or initial funding of the Debt Financing contemplated by the Debt Commitment Letter, other than as expressly set forth in the Debt Commitment Letter delivered to the Company on
or prior to the date hereof. 

(b) As of the date hereof, no event has occurred which (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) would
reasonably be expected to (i) constitute a breach or default under the Debt Commitment Letter on the part of Parent or, to the Knowledge of Parent, any other party thereto or (ii) constitute a failure to satisfy a condition precedent as a
result of actions taken or expected to be taken by Parent or, to the Knowledge of Parent, any other party under the Debt Commitment Letter, which, in each case, is reasonably likely to result in the Debt Financing not being available at the
Acceptance Time. Parent has fully paid, or has caused to be fully paid by it, any and all commitment fees or other fees required by such Debt Commitment Letter to be paid by it on or before the date hereof and will, directly or indirectly, continue
to pay in full any such amounts required to be paid by it on or prior to the Closing Date, as and when they become due and payable at the Acceptance Time and on or prior to the Closing Date (including at the

42 

Acceptance Time). Assuming satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Annex C, (A) Parent has no reason to believe that the Debt Financing contemplated by the Debt
Commitment Letter (in an amount, together with any available cash and other sources of immediately available funds of Parent and its Subsidiaries) will not be sufficient to enable Parent and its Subsidiaries to pay the Required Amount or will not be
made available to Parent or Merger Sub, as applicable, in an amount necessary to fund (when taken together with any available cash and other sources of immediately available funds of Parent and its Subsidiaries) the Required Amount, in each case, at
or prior to the Acceptance Time, and (B) as of the date hereof, Parent is not aware of the existence of any fact or event that would or would reasonably be expected to cause such conditions to the Debt Financing not to be satisfied or the full
amount of the Debt Financing necessary to fund, when taken together with any available cash and other sources of immediately available funds of Parent or Merger Sub and its Subsidiaries, the Required Amount not to be made available to Parent, as
applicable, at the Acceptance Time. 

Section 5.10. No Ownership in the Company. None of Parent, its controlled Affiliates, the
Specified Parent Stockholder or the Founder beneficially owns (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) any Company Shares or any securities that are convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for
Company Shares or any securities of any Subsidiary of the Company other than the ownership of Company Shares through passive investments, pension or employee benefit plans or trusts for Parents or its controlled Affiliates employees, or
limited partnership funds, mutual funds or similar entities that Parent has invested (where, in each case, Parent and its controlled Affiliates do not directly or indirectly control the management or policies of such entities), and none of Parent
and its Subsidiaries, the Specified Parent Stockholder or the Founder has any rights to acquire, directly or indirectly, any Company Shares, except pursuant to this Agreement. 

Section 5.11. No Other Representations and Warranties. In connection with the due diligence investigation of the Company by
Parent, Parent has received and may continue to receive from the Company certain estimates, projections, forecasts and other forward-looking information, as well as certain business plan and cost-related plan information, regarding the Company, the
Company Subsidiaries and their respective business and operations. Parent hereby acknowledges that there are uncertainties inherent in attempting to make such estimates, projections, forecasts and other forward-looking information, with which Parent
is familiar. Accordingly, except for the representations and warranties contained in Article IV and in any certificate delivered by the Company to Parent under this Agreement, Parent acknowledges that neither the Company
nor any Representative of the Company makes, and Parent acknowledges that it has not relied upon or otherwise been induced by, any other express or implied representation or warranty with respect to the Company or any Company Subsidiary or with
respect to any other information provided or made available to Parent or Merger Sub in connection with the Merger, including any information, documents, projections, forecasts or other material made available to Parent, Merger Sub or to
Parents Representatives in certain data rooms or management presentations in expectation of the Merger or the accuracy or completeness of any of the foregoing, except, in each case for the representations and warranties contained
in Article IV and in any certificate delivered by the Company to Parent or Merger Sub under this Agreement. Parent, on behalf of itself and its officers, directors and Affiliates, agrees and acknowledges that any written
opinions provided pursuant to Section 4.18 are being furnished to Parent solely for informational purposes and none of Parent, its officers, directors and Affiliates may rely on such written opinions for any purpose. 

43 

ARTICLE VI 

COVENANTS RELATING TO CONDUCT OF BUSINESS 

Section 6.1. Covenants of the Company. During the period from the date of this Agreement and continuing until the earlier of the
Acceptance Time and the termination of this Agreement in accordance with Article IX, the Company agrees as to itself and its Subsidiaries that, except (i) as expressly contemplated or permitted by this Agreement,
(ii) as required by applicable Law, (iii) as set forth in Section 6.1 of the Company Disclosure Letter or (iv) to the extent that Parent shall otherwise consent in writing (such consent not to be unreasonably
conditioned, delayed or withheld; provided that failure to respond within five Business Days after receipt by Parent of a formal written request for consent shall be deemed to be consent), the Company and its Subsidiaries shall use reasonable
best efforts to (1) conduct their respective businesses in the ordinary course of business in all material respects and (2) preserve the relationships of the Company and its Subsidiaries with employees, individual service providers,
customers, suppliers and other Persons with whom the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has significant business relations. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, except (w) as contemplated or required by this Agreement, (x) as
required by applicable Law, (y) as set forth in Section 6.1 of the Company Disclosure Letter or (z) to the extent that Parent shall otherwise consent in writing (such consent not to be unreasonably conditioned,
delayed or withheld; provided that failure to respond within five Business Days after receipt by Parent of a formal written request for consent shall be deemed to be consent), during the period from the date of this Agreement and continuing
until the earlier of the Acceptance Time or the termination of this Agreement in accordance with Article IX, the Company shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to: 

(a) except as required under the Companys organizational documents (including with respect to the Company Series A Shares or Company
Series B Shares) or the Conversion Agreements, (i) establish a record date for, authorize, declare, set aside, make or pay any dividends on, or make other distributions in respect of, any of its share capital, options or warrants (whether in
cash, shares or property or any combination thereof), except for dividends or other distributions (A) by a Subsidiary of the Company to the Company or another wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Company or (B) to a joint venture partner in the
ordinary course of business as permitted or required pursuant to the Company JV Agreements, (ii) adjust, split, combine or reclassify any of its share capital, or any other securities in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for, shares of
its share capital, (iii) except as otherwise contemplated in connection with Section 3.3(e), amend or waive the terms of any option, warrant or other right to acquire shares of its share capital, (iv) repurchase,
redeem or otherwise acquire any shares of its (or any of its Subsidiaries) share capital or any securities convertible into or exercisable for any shares of its (or any of its Subsidiaries) share capital or (v) make any loans or
gifts to the Global Blue EBT or otherwise make any recommendations to the trustees of the Global Blue EBT other than as contemplated by Section 3.4, other than (A) repurchases, redemptions or acquisitions by a
Subsidiary of share capital or such other securities, as the case may be, of another of its Subsidiaries, (B) in the case of the forfeiture or expiration of outstanding Company Share Options and Company Restricted Share Awards, (C) in the
case of the withholding of Company Common Shares to satisfy Tax obligations with respect to the exercise, vesting or settlement, as applicable, of Company Share Options and Company Restricted Share Awards, or (D) in the case of redemptions or
repurchases of Company Common Shares pursuant to the Companys previously announced share repurchase program (the Share Repurchase Program); 

44 

(b) issue, deliver, pledge, encumber, dispose of, or sell, any shares of its (or any of its
Subsidiaries) share capital of any class, any share appreciation rights or any securities convertible or redeemable into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or any rights, warrants or options to acquire, any such shares, other than
(i) the issuance of Company Common Shares required to be issued upon the exercise of Company Share Options or the vesting and/or settlement of Company Restricted Share Awards outstanding on the date hereof or granted as permitted by
Section 6.1(h) below pursuant to the Company Share Plans, (ii) the issuance of Company Common Shares required to be issued pursuant to the Warrant Agreement or Conversion Agreements, and (iii) issuances, sales or
transfers by a Subsidiary of the Company of share capital or capital stock, as the case may be, to the Company or another Subsidiary of the Company; 

(c) amend or propose to amend its articles of association or organizational regulations of the Company (except for amendments to the
Companys articles of association incidental to the issue of Company Common Shares contemplated under Section 6.1(b) or cancellations of Company Shares held in treasury); 

(d) merge or consolidate with any other Person, or acquire, by merging or consolidating with, by purchasing a material interest in or a
material portion of the assets of, by forming a partnership or joint venture with, or by any other manner, any corporation, partnership, association or other business organization or division thereof, or any material assets, rights or properties,
other than (i) acquisitions of supplies, equipment or other similar types of assets in bona fide transactions, on arms-length terms in the ordinary course of business that does not exceed $3,000,000
in the aggregate or (ii) transactions solely between the Company and any wholly-owned Subsidiary or solely between wholly-owned Subsidiaries; 

(e) (i) other than as required by contracts in effect on the date of this Agreement, sell, lease, assign, transfer, license, abandon,
fail to renew or otherwise dispose of any of its material assets, product lines, businesses, rights or properties (including share capital of its Subsidiaries and indebtedness of others held by it and its Subsidiaries), other than (A) any such
sale, lease, assignment, transfer or other disposition of tangible assets, product lines, business, rights or properties by any Subsidiaries of the Company to the Company or another Subsidiary of the Company,
(B) non-exclusive licenses to Intellectual Property granted in the ordinary course of business, (C) with respect to any Company Lease, any transfer, abandonment or disposal that is a result of the
expiration of the then-existing term, (D) Company Leases or subleases entered into in the ordinary course of business (provided, that this exception shall not apply to any Company Lease or sublease involving an annual payment of more than
$1,000,000 in the aggregate), including unsecured guarantees in connection with any Company Leases or (ii) other than the creation or incurrence a Permitted Encumbrance, subject any portion of the properties, rights, obligations or assets of
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any lien, pledge, security interest, charge or other encumbrance; 

45 

(f) other than any Company Benefit Plan (which is exclusively governed by
Section 6.1(h)): (i) amend or modify in a manner materially adverse to the Company or its Subsidiaries or voluntarily terminate (excluding terminations or renews upon the expiration of the term thereof in accordance with
the terms thereof) any Company Material Contract in existence as of the date of this Agreement or (ii) enter into any Contract that if in effect at the date hereof would have been a Company Material Contract, except (A) in the ordinary
course of business or (B) as a result of any action expressly permitted by another provision of this Section 6.1; 

(g) adopt any plan of complete or partial liquidation or dissolution, restructuring, recapitalization or reorganization, except for the
liquidation or dissolution of any immaterial or dormant wholly-owned Subsidiaries of the Company; 

(h) except as required by the terms of
any Company Benefit Plan in effect as of the date of this Agreement or by applicable Law: (i) adopt, establish, become a participating employer in or become required to contribute to, materially amend or terminate any Company Benefit Plan, or
any plan, scheme or agreement (as applicable) that would be a Company Benefit Plan if in existence on the date of this Agreement, except for (A) routine annual insured plan renewals and routine annual changes to insured welfare plans which are
in the ordinary course of business, and (B) the hiring of new employees to fill a vacancy in the ordinary course of business, provided, that such new hires are offered substantially similar terms and conditions compared to the former
employees they will replace, or entry into employment agreements or offer letters in the ordinary course of business, as applicable, with any new employee whose gross annual base salary is less than 250,000; provided that payments with
respect to all new hires (excluding any replacement hires to fill a vacancy), shall not exceed 4,750,000 for a six-month period in the aggregate, (ii) except as contemplated in connection with
Section 3.3(e), (x) increase, (y) alter or (z) accelerate the vesting or lapsing of restrictions on payment, any of the compensation, remuneration or benefits to or in respect of any current or former director,
officer, employee, individual independent contractor or other individual service provider of the Company and its Subsidiaries except for annual, promotion-related or merit based increases in base salaries and any corresponding increase in annual
bonus opportunities made in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice or (iii) grant any new equity or equity-based awards under any Company Share Plan or otherwise; 

(i) (i) redeem, repurchase, prepay, defease, incur, create, or assume, or otherwise become responsible for any indebtedness for borrowed
money (or modify any of the material terms of any such outstanding indebtedness), guarantee any such indebtedness or issue or sell any debt securities or rights to acquire any debt securities of it or any of its Subsidiaries (including by way of an
intercompany loan to it) or guarantee any debt securities of others, other than (A) indebtedness solely between the Company and its wholly-owned Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business, (B) indebtedness that will be repaid on or
before the Acceptance Time (and for which the Company provides Payoff Letters and related Payoff Documentation to Parent that are consistent with those described in Section 7.16 within the timeframe described in
Section 7.16), (C) payments to travelers in the ordinary course of business or (D) pursuant to the revolving credit facility under the Existing Finance Documents as in effect as of the date of this Agreement (it being understood and agreed
that incremental loans or other upsizings and increases of the credit facilities under the Existing Finance Documents shall not be permitted), or (ii) cancel any material debts of any Person to it or any of its Subsidiaries or waive any claims
or rights of material value; 

46 

(j) insofar as is within the control of the Company or its Subsidiaries knowingly
(i) allow any material Permit held by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to lapse or expire, (ii) take or fail to take any action with the intent of causing any material Permit held by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries being, in a
manner adverse in any material respect to the Company and its Subsidiaries amended, conditioned, restricted, revoked, suspended, terminated or withdrawn by any Governmental Entity, or (iii) apply for or acquire any new material Permit not held
or already applied for as at the date of this Agreement, in each case of (i) through (iii), unless such action or inaction is permitted or required by this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby; provided that any action or
inaction by the relevant authority that causes any Permit to expire or lapse shall not be deemed a violation of this Section 6.1(h), unless any such action is caused by the failure of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
to comply with applicable Law; 

(k) make, change or revoke any material Tax election (other than in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice), change any annual Tax accounting period, adopt or change any material method of Tax accounting, amend any material Tax Returns, enter into any material closing agreement in respect of material Taxes, settle any
material Tax claim, audit or assessment or surrender any right to claim a material Tax refund; 

(l) disclose any material Trade Secret
(except pursuant to a written confidentiality agreement or equivalent obligations of confidentiality); 

(m) make any material loans or
material advances of money to any Person (other than for transactions between the Company and its wholly-owned Subsidiaries or among the Companys wholly-owned Subsidiaries), except, in each case, in the ordinary course of the business of the
Company, including for (A) advances to employees or officers of the Company and its Subsidiaries for expenses, (B) extensions of credit to customers, (C) payments to merchants, (D) VAT refunds to travelers, or (E) pursuant
to the Company JV Agreements; 

(n) except as required by IFRS or applicable Law, make any material changes to the Companys
accounting policies or principles; 

(o) settle any Action (i) involving payment by the Company where the amount paid (net of
insurance proceeds receivable) does not exceed $500,000 individually or $1,000,000 in the aggregate with all such settlements or, if greater, does not exceed the total amount reserved for such matter in the Companys financial statements
included in the SEC Reports or (ii) that would impose any material non-monetary obligations on the Company or its Subsidiaries that would continue after the Acceptance Time (other than customary release, non-disparagement and confidentiality obligations); 

(p) purchase any real property; 

(q) adopt or otherwise implement any shareholder rights plan, poison-pill or other comparable agreement; 

(r) (i) newly recognize any Labor Organization, (ii) enter into any material Contracts with any Labor Organization or
(iii) amend and/or terminate in a manner materially adverse to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries any material Contracts with any Labor Organization; 

47 

(s) implement or announce any material group reductions in force, including those that
trigger the WARN Act or any collective consultation requirements concerning redundancies; 

(t) pay or agree to pay an aggregate amount of
fees or commissions to investment bankers, brokers or finders in connection with this Agreement or upon or as a result of the consummation of the Offer or the Merger in excess of the amount forth in Section 6.1(t) of the
Company Disclosure Letter; or 

(u) agree to take any of the actions prohibited by this Section 6.1. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 6.1, (A) Parents prior consent shall not be required to take any
action (including the establishment of any policy, procedure or protocol but excluding any action described in Sections 6.1(a), 6.1(b), 6.1(c), 6.1(d), 6.1(e) (unless any such sale, lease, assignment, transfer,
license, abandonment, failure to renew or disposal does not exceed, individually or in the aggregate, 5% or more of the assets or business (whether based on the revenue or net income) of the Company and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis),
6.1(g), 6.1(h), 6.1(i), 6.1(k), 6.1(l), 6.1(n), 6.1(o), 6.1(p), 6.1(q), 6.1(r)(i), 6.1(r)(ii), 6.1(t) or 6.1(u), provided that
Section 6.1(u) shall only apply with respect to any of the sub-sections of Section 6.1 previously listed in this sentence) that the Company reasonably determines is necessary to
take or fail to take in response to an event beyond the reasonable control of the Company that the Company can reasonably demonstrate is an emergency that adversely impacts the Company in any material respect (an Emergency);
provided, that (1) the Company provides Parent with (x) written notice of such action or failure to take such action as promptly as practicable (and in any event no later than 24 hours) and (y) reasonable substantiation
(including any applicable resolutions of the Company Board) that such event constitutes an Emergency and (2) any such action or failure to take action is a necessary and proportionate response to the Emergency, taking into account all relevant
factors and (B) (1) the Company and its Subsidiaries failure to take any action prohibited by clauses (a) through (u) of this Section 6.1 shall not be a breach of the first sentence of
Section 6.1 and (2) no action by the Company or its Subsidiaries with respect to the matters specifically addressed by clauses (a) through (u) of this Section 6.1 shall be
deemed a breach of the first sentence of Section 6.1, unless such action would constitute a breach of the relevant clause of clauses (a) through (u) of this Section 6.1. 

Section 6.2. Control of Other Partys Business. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall give Parent or Merger
Sub (once incorporated), directly or indirectly, the right to control the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or direct the business or operations of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries prior to the Acceptance Time. Nothing contained in this
Agreement shall give the Company, directly or indirectly, the right to control Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or direct the business or operations of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries prior to the Acceptance Time. Prior to the Acceptance Time,
each of the Company and Parent shall exercise, consistent with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, complete control and supervision over its respective operations and the operations of its respective Subsidiaries. Nothing in this Agreement
shall be interpreted in such a way as to place the Company or Parent in violation of any applicable Law. 

48 

ARTICLE VII 

ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS 

Section 7.1. Preparation of Filings. 

(a) Following the date of this Agreement, the Company shall prepare the Company Shareholder Materials. At such time or times as Parent and the
Company agree, Parent and the Company shall, and shall cause their respective Affiliates to, prepare and file with the SEC, to the extent required under applicable Law, all other documents required to be filed by Parent or the Company, as
applicable, with the SEC in connection with the Offer and the Merger (in the case of Parent, the Other Parent Filings and in the case of the Company, the Other Company Filings). The Company and Parent shall, and
shall cause their respective Representatives to, assist and reasonably cooperate with the other in the preparation of the Other Parent Filings and the Other Company Filings. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (A) each of the
Company and Parent shall, and shall cause their respective Representatives to, provide the other and its Representatives with a reasonable opportunity, in advance of initial filing or any amendment or filing of any supplement thereto, (B) the
Company shall, and shall cause its Representatives to, provide Parent and its Representatives with a reasonable opportunity, in advance of initial filing or any amendment or filing of any supplement thereto, to review and comment on the Other
Company Filings and shall address or include, as applicable, in such documents comments reasonably proposed by Parent or its Representatives, (C) Parent shall, and shall cause its Representatives to, provide the Company and its Representatives
with a reasonable opportunity, in advance of initial filing or any amendment or filing of any supplement thereto, to review and comment on the Other Parent Filings and shall address or include, as applicable, in such documents comments reasonably
proposed by the Company or its Representatives and (D) the Company and Parent shall upon reasonable prior written notice provide the other the information relating to it and its Affiliates required by the Securities Act and the Exchange Act to
be set forth in the Other Parent Filings or the Other Company Filings and use reasonable best efforts to correct any such if and to the extent that such information shall have become false or misleading in any material respect. Parent shall cause
the Other Parent Filings to be made by it or its Affiliates and the Company shall cause the Other Company Filings to be made by it or its Affiliates, in each case, to comply in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and
the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the NYSE. 

(b) The Company and Parent shall use their respective reasonable best efforts
to after consultation with the respective other party, resolve all SEC comments with respect to the Other Company Filings and the Other Parent Filings as promptly as practicable after receipt thereof. To the extent legally permitted, Parent and the
Company shall, or shall cause their respective Representatives to, (A) promptly notify each other in writing of the receipt of any written or oral comments from or other correspondence with the SEC or its staff (including any request for
amendments or supplements) with respect to the Other Company Filings and the Other Parent Filings and, in each case, the Company or Parent, as applicable, shall promptly supply the respective other party with copies of all related correspondence
between it and any of its Representatives or Affiliates, on the one hand, and the SEC or its staff, on the other hand, and (B) provide the respective other party and its Representatives with a reasonable opportunity, in advance of the filing of
any response by the Company or Parent to SEC comments, to participate 

49 

in such response to any SEC comments with respect to the Other Company Filings or the Other Parent Filings, as applicable, and to review and comment on any such response and shall address or
include, as applicable, in such response comments reasonably proposed by the respective other party, including by allowing the respective other party and its respective Representatives to participate in any meetings or discussions with the SEC or
its staff to the extent reasonably practicable. If at any time before receipt of the Required Company Vote, either party determines that any information provided by it in the Other Parent Filings or Other Company Filings has become false or
misleading in any respect or there shall otherwise occur any event that is required to be set forth in an amendment or supplement to Other Parent Filings or Other Company Filings: (1) the Company (in the case of an Other Company Filings) or
Parent (in the case of the Other Parent Filings) shall promptly prepare such an amendment or supplement; and (2) the Company and Parent, as the case may be, shall promptly mail such amendment or supplement to the relevant parties. 

(c) The Company shall, in accordance with its articles of association, organizational regulations and applicable Law prior to the Acceptance
Time, duly call, give notice of, convene and hold a general meeting of the shareholders of the Company (the Company Shareholder Meeting) for the purpose of seeking the Required Company Vote to approve the Board Modification (the
Company Shareholder Approval). The Company shall, and shall cause its Representatives to, provide Parent and its Representatives with a reasonable opportunity, in advance of the initial distribution and any supplemental
distribution, to review and comment on the Company Shareholder Materials (and any amendments or supplements thereto) and shall address or include, as applicable, in such documents comments reasonably proposed by Parent or its Representatives. The
Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause the Company Shareholder Materials to be mailed to the shareholders of the Company as promptly as reasonably practicable to obtain the Company Shareholder Approval prior to the Acceptance Time.
Unless the Company Board shall have effected a Company Recommendation Change in accordance with Section 7.4, the Company shall include in the Company Shareholder Materials the Company Recommendation and a statement that
each director and executive officer of the Company intends to vote in favor of adopting and approving the Board Modification and tender his or her Company Shares in the Offer. Unless the Company Board shall have effected a Company Recommendation
Change in accordance with Section 7.4, the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to solicit from its shareholders proxies for purposes of obtaining the Company Shareholder Approval. The Company shall use its
reasonable best efforts to ensure that all proxies solicited by the Company and its Representatives in connection with the Company Shareholder Meeting are solicited in compliance with (A) applicable Law, (B) its articles of association and
organizational regulations and (C) the rules and regulations of the NYSE. Once the Company has established the record date for the Company Shareholders Meeting, the Company shall not change such record date or establish a different record date
without the prior written consent of Parent, unless required to do so by applicable Law. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, the Company may (without the prior written consent of Parent but upon reasonable advanced
notice) adjourn or postpone delay the Company Shareholder Meeting (1) to ensure that any required supplement or amendment to any Company Shareholder Materials, (2) for the absence of quorum, (3) to the extent required by applicable
Laws or any Governmental Entities or (4) if, as of the time for which the Company Shareholder Meeting is originally scheduled, there are an insufficient number of Company Shares represented (either in person or by proxy) to the extent that at
such 

50 

time the Company reasonably believes that it has not received proxies (including any voting commitments) sufficient to ensure the receipt of the Required Company Vote at the Company Shareholder
Meeting; provided, however, (i) the duration of any such adjournment or postponement shall be the limited to the minimum duration as reasonably necessary to remedy the circumstances giving rise to such adjournment or postponement,
(ii) no single such adjournment or postponement shall be for more than five Business Days, except as required by applicable Law and (iii) the Company Shareholder Meeting shall not be postponed to later than the date that is 30 days after
the date for which the Company Shareholder Meeting was originally scheduled without the prior written consent of Parent. All other postponements or adjournments shall require the prior written consent of Parent. 

Section 7.2. Access to Information; Confidentiality. 

(a) Upon reasonable notice, the Company shall (and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to) (i) afford to the officers, employees,
accountants and counsel of Parent and Debt Financing Sources, reasonable access, during normal business hours during the period before the earlier of the termination of this Agreement in accordance with Article IX and the
Acceptance Time, to all its properties, books, contracts, records and officers and (ii) during such period, make available all other information concerning its business, properties and personnel (including the Company Benefit Plans), in each
case, as Parent may reasonably request in furtherance of Parents efforts to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or to plan the post-Closing integration of the operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries with those of
Parent and its Subsidiaries. Notwithstanding anything in this Section 7.2 to the contrary, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries shall be required to provide access to or to disclose information the extent that it
(A) relates to interactions with prospective buyers of the Company or the negotiation of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, (B) would unreasonably disrupt the ordinary course operations of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, (C) relates to materials prepared for the Company Board in connection with its consideration of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Merger Agreement, (D) would (in good faith) jeopardize the health and
safety of the employees of the Company or its Subsidiaries, (E) would require the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to disclose information that, in the reasonable judgment of counsel to the Company, is subject to attorney-client privilege or
other legal privilege; provided that the Company shall use reasonable best efforts to allow for such disclosure of such information to the maximum extent that does not jeopardize such attorney-client privilege or other privilege or
(F) may conflict with any applicable Law or Privacy Requirement to which the Company or any of its Affiliates is bound or party, in each case; provided that the Company shall use reasonable best efforts to allow for such disclosure of
such information to the maximum extent that does not violate applicable Law or Privacy Requirement. No information or knowledge obtained in any investigation under this Section 7.2 shall affect or be deemed to modify any
representation or warranty made by any party. 

(b) The parties shall hold any such information in confidence to the extent required by,
and in accordance with, the provisions of the Confidentiality Agreement, which Confidentiality Agreement will remain in full force and effect as provided under Section 10.6(a) up to and until the Closing. The parties agree
that the Confidentiality Agreement shall terminate immediately upon the Closing. 

51 

Section 7.3. Regulatory Approvals. 

(a) Subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement, each of Parent and Merger Sub shall use its respective reasonable best
efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary under this Agreement, the Merger Agreement and applicable Law to, as promptly as reasonably practicable following the date of this Agreement,
obtain the Transaction Approvals. In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, each of the Company and Parent agrees to make (as may be required under applicable Law): (i) as promptly as reasonably practicable following the date of this
Agreement (and in any event not later than 15 Business Days following the date of this Agreement, other than the Transaction Approval listed in Item 3 of Section 10.17(d) of the Company Disclosure Letter, which shall be submitted as promptly as
reasonably practicable following the date of this Agreement), the appropriate filings and notifications required by all Transaction Approvals and to supply as promptly as practicable any additional information and documentary material that may be
reasonably requested under such requirements, and (ii) as promptly as reasonably practicable following the Acceptance Time and in any event not later than ten Business Days following the Acceptance Time, the appropriate filings and
notifications required by any Governmental Entity, and to provide as promptly as reasonably practicable any information and documents that may be reasonably requested pursuant to such requirements. Subject to
Section 7.3(d), the Company, Parent and Merger Sub shall use reasonable best efforts to obtain all other third-party consents required in connection with the Offer and the Merger. 

(b) To the extent permissible under applicable Law and in each case regarding the Offer and the Merger or any of the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and the Merger Agreement, each of the Company and Parent shall, in connection with the efforts referenced above to obtain the Transaction Approvals from Governmental Entities, to the extent legally permitted, use its
reasonable best efforts to: (i) cooperate in all respects with each other in connection with any filing or submission and in connection with any investigation or other inquiry, including any proceeding initiated by a private party;
(ii) promptly inform the other party of any substantive communication received by such party from, or given by such party to, any Governmental Entity and of any substantive communication received or given in connection with any proceeding by a
private party; (iii) give the other party, or the other partys legal counsel, reasonable opportunity, in advance of the transmission thereof, to review and comment on any substantive communication given by it to, and consult with each
other in advance of any material meeting, conference or substantive communication with, any Governmental Entity or, in connection with any proceeding by a private party, with any other Person; and (iv) unless prohibited by a Governmental Entity
or other Person, give the other party and its legal counsel the opportunity to attend and participate in such material meetings, conferences and substantive communications. Each of the Company and Parent shall furnish to the other copies of all
substantive filings, submissions, material correspondence and material communications from or with any Governmental Entity (or any other Person in connection with any proceeding initiated by a private party) in connection with the Offer and the
Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Merger Agreement. The Company and Parent may, as each deems advisable and necessary, reasonably designate material provided to the other party as Outside Counsel Only
Material, and may redact the material as each deems necessary to (A) remove references concerning valuation, (B) comply with contractual arrangements, (C) address 

52 

legal privilege or confidentiality concerns, or (D) comply with applicable Law. Furthermore, Parent may arrange and attend meetings (in full or in part) with Governmental Entities in
relation to the Transaction Approvals without the participation of the Company, to the extent necessary to protect confidential, commercially sensitive or personal information relating to Parent or its Affiliates. Without limiting any of
Parents obligations under this Agreement, Parent will control the ultimate strategy for securing approvals and expiration of relevant waiting periods under any applicable Laws relating to the Transaction Approvals. 

(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, Parent shall, and shall cause its controlled Affiliates to take all actions necessary to obtain any
authorization, consent or approval of a Governmental Entity (including in connection with any governmental filings) necessary or advisable under any applicable Law so as to enable the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby to occur as
expeditiously as possible (and in any event, no later than the End Date) and to resolve, avoid or eliminate any impediments or objections, if any, that may be asserted with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, including: (i) taking
such actions and agreeing to such requirements or conditions to mitigate any concerns as may be requested or required by a Governmental Entity in connection with any governmental filing, (ii) proposing, negotiating, committing to and effecting,
by consent decree, hold separate order or otherwise, the sale, divestiture, licensing or disposition of, or holding separate of, businesses, product or product lines, operations, investments, companies, rights or assets of Parent or its controlled
Affiliates (including, after the Acceptance Time, the Company and its Subsidiaries) or any interest therein (including entering into customary ancillary agreements relating to any such sale, divestiture, licensing or disposition of such businesses,
product or product lines, operations, investments, companies, rights or assets), or agreeing to any other structural or conduct remedy, (iii) terminating or restructuring existing relationships, contractual or governance rights or obligations
of Parent or its controlled Affiliates (including, after the Acceptance Time, the Company and its Subsidiaries), (iv) terminating any venture or other arrangement of Parent or its controlled Affiliates (including, after the Acceptance Time, the
Company and its Subsidiaries), including by ceasing existing operations of Parent or its controlled Affiliates (including, after the Acceptance Time, the Company and its Subsidiaries) and (v) otherwise taking or committing to take actions that
after the Acceptance Time would limit Parents or its controlled Affiliates (including, after the Acceptance Time, the Companys and its Subsidiaries), freedom of action with respect to, or its ability to retain or control, one or
more of the businesses, product or product lines, operations, investments, companies, rights or assets of Parent and its controlled Affiliates (including, after the Acceptance Time, the Company and its Subsidiaries) (each of the foregoing, a
Remedy); provided, that, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, Parent and its Affiliates shall not be required to take any action or agree to any requirement or condition (including
effecting or agreeing to effect, any Remedy or Remedies) that, individually or in the aggregate, would, or would reasonably be expected to have, a Burdensome Effect; provided, further, that nothing in this Agreement shall obligate the
Company and its Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and Parent or any of Parents controlled Affiliates, on the other hand, to take or agree to take any such action not conditioned on the consummation of the Acceptance Time. A Burdensome
Effect means a (A) material adverse effect on Parent and its Subsidiaries (other than the Company and its Subsidiaries), taken as a whole or (B) a material adverse effect on the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. The
Company shall not, without Parents prior written consent commit to, or discuss, any Remedy with any Governmental Entity. 

53 

(d) In furtherance and not in limitation of the covenants of the parties contained in this
Section 7.3, if any administrative or judicial action or proceeding, including any proceeding by a private party, is instituted (or threatened to be instituted) challenging the Merger or any other transaction contemplated
by this Agreement as violative of any applicable Laws, each of Parent and Merger Sub shall (and Parent shall cause its controlled Affiliates to), at their cost and expense, use reasonable best efforts to contest and resist any such action or
proceeding and to have vacated, lifted, reversed or overturned any action, decree, judgment, injunction or other order, whether temporary, preliminary or permanent, that is in effect and that prohibits, prevents or restricts the completion of the
Offer or consummation of the Merger. Parent shall be entitled to direct the defense of any such administrative or judicial action or proceeding by, or negotiations with, any Governmental Entity or other Person relating to the Merger or Transaction
Approvals under applicable Law. 

(e) From the date of this Agreement until the earlier to occur of the Acceptance Time and the termination
of this Agreement in accordance with Article IX, neither Parent nor Merger Sub nor any of their Affiliates shall acquire or agree to acquire, by merging with or into or consolidating with, or by purchasing a portion of the
assets of or equity in, or by any other manner, any business or any corporation, partnership, association or other business organization or division thereof, or otherwise acquire or agree to acquire any assets or equity interests, if the entering
into of a definitive agreement relating to, or the consummation of such acquisition, merger or consolidation would reasonably be expected to: (i) impose any material delay in the obtaining of, or materially increase the risk of not obtaining,
any of the Required Approvals; (ii) materially increase the risk of any Governmental Entity in any Applicable Jurisdiction seeking or entering an order prohibiting the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the
Merger Agreement; or (iii) materially increase the risk of not being able to remove any such order on appeal or otherwise. 

(f)
Nothing in this Section 7.3 shall in any way limit the rights of the Company under Section 7.4 or Article IX. 

Section 7.4. No Solicitation by the Company; Change of Company Recommendation. 

(a) Except as expressly permitted by this Section 7.4, following the execution of this Agreement until the earlier
of the Acceptance Time and the termination of this Agreement in accordance with Article IX, the Company shall and shall cause its Subsidiaries and each of its and their respective directors, officers and employees to, and
shall direct and use reasonable best efforts to cause its other Representatives to immediately cease any existing solicitation, encouragement, discussions or negotiations with any Person or group relating to any Company Takeover Proposal or any
discussion that would reasonably be expected to lead to a Company Takeover Proposal. With respect to any Person or group with whom such discussions or negotiations have been terminated, the Company shall promptly (and in any event within two
Business Days of the date hereof) require such Person or group return or destroy in accordance with (but only to the extent of) the terms of the applicable confidentiality agreement any information furnished by or on behalf of the Company and shut
down the applicable Persons or groups access to any physical or electronic data room maintained by the Company or its Representatives or analogous access to information. 

54 

(b) Except as expressly permitted by this Section 7.4, immediately
following the execution of this Agreement and until the earlier of the Acceptance Time and the termination of this Agreement in accordance with Article IX, the Company shall not, and shall cause its Subsidiaries not to, and
shall use reasonable best efforts to cause its and its Subsidiaries respective directors, officers, employees not to, and shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause its other Representatives not to, directly or indirectly,
(i) solicit, initiate, propose, knowingly encourage or knowingly facilitate any inquiry, discussion, offer or request that constitutes, or would reasonably be expected to lead to a Company Takeover Proposal, (ii) enter into, continue,
initiate or otherwise participate in any discussions (except to notify a Person of the existence of the provisions of this Section 7.4) or negotiations regarding, or furnish to any Person (other than to Parent and its
Representatives) any non-public information regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or afford to any Person (other than to Parent and its Representatives) access to the properties, books, records,
officers or personnel of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with any Company Takeover Proposal or any inquiry, discussion or request that would reasonably be expected to lead to a Company Takeover Proposal, (iii) approve,
endorse, adopt or recommend, or publicly propose to approve, endorse, adopt or recommend, any Company Takeover Proposal or submit to the vote of its shareholders any Company Takeover Proposal before the termination of this Agreement in accordance
with Article IX, (iv) enter into or execute, or approve or recommend or publicly propose to approve or recommend the entering into of any letter of intent, memorandum of understanding, amalgamation or merger agreement
or other agreement, arrangement or understanding relating to any Company Takeover Proposal before the termination of this Agreement in accordance with Article IX (other than a Company Acceptable Confidentiality Agreement);
or (v) formally authorize any of, or commit, resolve or agree to do any of, the foregoing. Any violation of the restrictions set forth in this Section 7.4 by any of the Companys directors, executive officers,
senior managers, financial advisors, legal counsel or accountants shall be deemed to be a breach of this Section 7.4 by the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that any determination by the
Company Board made in accordance with Section 7.4(e) or Section 7.4(g) shall not be deemed to be a violation of this Section 7.4. 

(c) From and after the execution of this Agreement and until the earlier of the Acceptance Time and the valid termination of this Agreement in
accordance with Article IX, nothing in Section 7.4(a) and Section 7.4(b) shall prohibit the Company or its Subsidiaries and Representatives at any time following the
receipt by the Company of any Company Takeover Proposal from participating in any discussions or negotiations with, furnishing information to or waiving, modifying or electing not to enforce any confidentiality or standstill or similar
obligation of, the Person making such Company Takeover Proposal and its Representatives, if the Company Board determines in good faith, after consultation with its outside legal counsel and financial advisor, that such Company Takeover Proposal
constitutes a Company Superior Proposal or would reasonably be likely to lead to a Company Superior Proposal; provided that (i) before the Company may furnish any information to, or negotiate with, any Person with respect to such a
Company Takeover Proposal, the Company shall have entered into a confidentiality agreement with such Person containing confidentiality and use restriction terms, and standstill or similar obligations, not less restrictive in the
aggregate to such Person and its Representatives than the provisions of the Confidentiality Agreement are to Parent and its Representatives and that does not contain any provision that would prevent the Company from complying with its obligation to
provide any disclosure to Parent pursuant to this Agreement (a Company Acceptable Confidentiality Agreement), and (ii) all such information has previously been made available to Parent and its Representatives or will
be so made available substantially concurrently with the time it is provided to such Person (and in any event within 24 hours). The Company hereby approves of and consents to the Offer and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

55 

(d) Except as set forth in Section 7.4(e), the Company Board shall
not (i) withhold, withdraw, modify or qualify or publicly propose to withhold, withdraw, modify or qualify the Company Recommendation, in each case, in a manner adverse to Parent, (ii) fail to include the Company Recommendation on the
Schedule 14D-9, (iii) if a tender offer or exchange offer that constitutes a Company Takeover Proposal is commenced, fail to a recommend against acceptance of such Company Takeover Proposal within ten Business
Days after the commencement of such offer (including by taking no position with respect to the acceptance of such tender offer or exchange offer by its shareholders) (it being understood and agreed that any stop, look and listen
disclosure pursuant to Rule 14d-9(f) under the Exchange Act prior to the end of such period shall not be a failure to recommend against such Company Takeover Proposal), (iv) formally authorize, adopt,
approve or recommend or publicly propose to formally authorize, adopt, approve or recommend or otherwise declare advisable (publicly or otherwise) any Company Takeover Proposal made or received after the date of this Agreement (any action described
in clauses (i)-(iv) being referred to as a Company Recommendation Change), or (v) formally authorize, cause or permit the Company to enter into any definitive agreement with respect to a Company Superior Proposal. 

(e) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, at any time prior to the Acceptance Time, but not after, the Company Board
may, subject to compliance with this Section 7.4, (i) make a Company Recommendation Change in response to an event, occurrence, change, effect, condition, development or state of facts or circumstances (other than related
to a Company Takeover Proposal or Company Superior Proposal, or any proposal that constitutes or would reasonably be expected to lead to a Company Takeover Proposal or Company Superior Proposal) that was neither known to, nor reasonably foreseeable
by, the Company Board as of the date of this Agreement (or, if known, the consequences of which were not known or reasonably foreseeable to the Company Board as of the date of this Agreement) (an Intervening Event) if the Company
Board has determined in good faith (after consultation with its legal counsel and financial advisors) that the failure to take such action would reasonably be expected to be inconsistent with the Companys directors duties under
applicable Law; or (ii) (A) make a Company Recommendation Change if the Company has received a Company Takeover Proposal that the Company Board has determined in good faith (after consultation with its legal counsel and financial advisors)
constitutes a Company Superior Proposal, and (B) authorize, adopt or approve such Company Superior Proposal and cause or permit the Company to enter into a definitive agreement with respect to such Company Superior Proposal substantially
concurrently with the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 9.1(g); provided, however, that (1) no Company Recommendation Change may be made pursuant to this
Section 7.4(e), and no termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 9.1(g) may be effected, in each case, until the end of the third full Business Day following Parents receipt of a
written notice from the Company advising Parent that the Company Board intends to make a Company Recommendation Change pursuant to this Section 7.4(e) (a Notice of Company Recommendation Change) or
terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 9.1(g) (a Notice of Superior Proposal) and which notice shall attach the most 

56 

current version of the relevant definitive transaction agreement (if any), and, if applicable, copies of any other documents evidencing or specifying the terms and conditions of such Company
Superior Proposal; and (2) during the three Business Day period following Parents receipt of the Notice of Company Recommendation Change or the Notice of Superior Proposal, the Company and its Representatives shall negotiate with Parent
and its Representatives in good faith (to the extent Parent so desires to negotiate) to make adjustments to the terms and conditions of this Agreement so that either the failure to make a Company Recommendation Change in response to such Intervening
Event would no longer reasonably be expected to be inconsistent with the Companys directors duties of care and loyalty under Article 717 Swiss Code of Obligations or such Company Takeover Proposal would cease to constitute a Company
Superior Proposal, as appropriate, and (3) in determining whether to make such Company Recommendation Change pursuant to this Section 7.4(e) or terminate this Agreement pursuant to
Section 9.1(g), the Company Board shall take into account any changes to the terms of this Agreement timely proposed by, and only to the extent binding on, Parent in response to a Notice of Company Recommendation Change of
a Company Superior Proposal or a Notice of Superior Proposal (as may be extended). Any material amendment to the financial terms or any other material amendment of such Company Superior Proposal shall require a new Notice of Company Recommendation
Change or a new Notice of Superior Proposal, as applicable, and the Company shall be required to comply again with the requirements of this Section 7.4(e) with respect to such new Company Superior Proposal; provided
that the new notice period shall be two Business Days. For the avoidance of doubt, none of (A) the delivery, in itself, of a Notice of Company Recommendation Change or a Notice of Superior Proposal or (B) the public disclosure, in itself,
of such delivery will constitute a Company Recommendation Change or violate this Section 7.4(e). 

(f) From and
after the execution of this Agreement and until the Acceptance Time or the date, if any, of the termination of this Agreement in accordance with Article IX, (i) as promptly as reasonably practicable (and in any event,
within 36 hours), after (A) receipt of any Company Takeover Proposal or (B) request for non-public information or inquiry or any discussions, negotiations are sought to be initiated with, it or any
of its Representatives that constitute a Company Takeover Proposal, the Company shall provide to Parent with written notice, of which notice shall include, in the case of (1), the identity of the Person making the Company Takeover Proposal and the
material terms and conditions of such Company Takeover Proposal (including copies of any proposed definitive transaction agreement and any related financing commitments, as applicable), and in the case of (2), the identity of the Person seeking such
information or discussions or negotiations (unless, in each case, such disclosure is prohibited pursuant to the terms of any confidentiality agreement with such Person in effect as of the date of this Agreement), (ii) in event that such Person
modifies its Company Takeover Proposal in any material respect, the Company shall provide Parent with written notice within 36 hours after receipt of such modified Company Takeover Proposal of the fact that such Company Takeover Proposal has been
modified and the terms of such modification or proposed modification (including copies of any material written documentation reflecting such modification and a written summary of any material terms delivered verbally, as applicable) and
(iii) the Company shall keep Parent adequately informed (orally or in writing) on a reasonably prompt basis of the status of the discussions and negotiations referenced in clauses (i) and (ii). 

57 

(g) Nothing in this Agreement shall prohibit the Company or the Company Board (or any
authorized committee thereof) from (i) taking and disclosing to its shareholders a position contemplated by Rule 14e-2(a) promulgated under the Exchange Act or complying with Rule 14d-9 promulgated under the Exchange Act, including a stop, look and listen communication by the Company Board (or an authorized committee thereof) to the Companys shareholders pursuant to Rule 14d-9(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act (or any substantially similar communication); (ii) complying with Item 1012(a) of Regulation M-A promulgated under the Exchange
Act; (iii) informing any Person of the existence of the provisions contained in this Section 7.4; or (iv) making any disclosure to the Company Shareholders (including regarding the business, financial condition or
results of operations of the Company Group) that the Company Board (or an authorized committee thereof) has determined (after consultation with its legal counsel and financial advisors) to make in good faith in order to comply with applicable Law,
regulation or stock exchange rule or listing agreement, it being understood that any such statement or disclosure made by the Company Board (or an authorized committee thereof) pursuant to this Section 7.4(g) must be
subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and will not limit or otherwise affect the obligations of the Company or the Company Board (or any authorized committee thereof) and the rights of Parent under this
Section 7.4, it being understood that nothing in the foregoing will be deemed to permit the Company or the Company Board (or a committee thereof) to effect a Company Recommendation Change other than in accordance with
Section 7.4(d). In addition, it is understood and agreed that, for purposes of this Agreement, a factually accurate public statement by the Company or the Company Board (or a committee thereof), to the extent required by
applicable Law, that describes the Companys receipt of a Company Takeover Proposal, the identity of the Person making such Company Takeover Proposal, the material terms of such Company Takeover Proposal and the operation of this Agreement with
respect thereto will not, in and of itself, be deemed to be a Company Recommendation Change. 

Section 7.5. Fees and Expenses.
Except as provided in Article IX, whether or not the Offer and the Merger are consummated, all Expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be paid by the party
incurring such Expense, except as otherwise expressly provided herein or in the Cost Reimbursement Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and between the Company, Parent, Global Blue Holding LP and the Designated Representative (the
Cost Reimbursement Agreement); provided that Parent shall pay for all Expenses incurred in connection with the Transaction Approvals and the Debt Financing. 

Section 7.6. Indemnification; Directors and Officers Insurance. 

(a) For ten years from and after the Acceptance Time, Parent shall and, to the extent applicable, shall cause the Company or the Surviving
Company to, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, indemnify, defend and hold harmless, and provide advancement of expenses to, each Person who is now, or has been at any time before the date hereof or who becomes before the Acceptance
Time, a director or officer of the Company or its Subsidiaries (the Company Indemnified Parties) from and against all losses, claims, damages, costs, expenses, liabilities, penalties or judgments or amounts that are paid in
settlement of or in connection with any claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation based in whole or in part on or arising in whole or in part out of the fact that such Person is or was a director or officer of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, and pertaining to any matter existing or occurring, or any acts or omissions occurring, at or before the Acceptance Time, whether asserted or claimed before, at or following, the Acceptance Time, including matters, acts or omissions
occurring in connection with the approval of this Agreement and the Merger Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. 

58 

(b) Subject to Section 7.6(c), following the Acceptance Time and
for a period of ten years thereafter, the organizational documents of the Surviving Company shall include provisions for indemnification, advancement of expenses and exculpation of the Company Indemnified Parties at least as favorable as those in
effect on the date of this Agreement. Following the Acceptance Time and for a period of ten years thereafter, the Company shall, and Parent shall cause the Company to, maintain in effect the provisions in its organizational documents, including
those listed in Section 7.6(e) of the Company Disclosure Letter providing for indemnification, advancement of expenses and exculpation of the Company Indemnified Parties, as applicable, with respect to the facts or
circumstances occurring at or before the Acceptance Time, to the fullest extent permitted from time to time under applicable Law, which provisions shall not be amended in any way that would adversely affect the rights of any Company Indemnified
Person, except as required by applicable Law. 

(c) Subject to the remaining provisions of this Section 7.6(c),
the Company shall, and Parent shall cause the Company to, at no expense to the beneficiaries, either (at Parents election) (i) continue to maintain in effect for six years from the Acceptance Time directors and officers
liability insurance and fiduciary liability insurance having terms and conditions at least as favorable to the Company Indemnified Parties as the Companys current directors and officers liability insurance and fiduciary liability
insurance (the Company Current Insurance) with respect to matters existing or occurring at or before the Acceptance Time (including the transactions contemplated hereby), or (ii) purchase a six year extended reporting period
endorsement or tail policy with respect to the Company Current Insurance and maintain this endorsement in full force and effect for its full term. To the extent purchased after the date hereof and before the Acceptance Time, such
insurance policies shall be placed through such broker(s) and with such insurance carriers as may be specified by the Company and as are reasonably acceptable to Parent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall Parent or the Surviving
Company be required to expend (1) for any such policies contemplated by clause (i) of this Section 7.6(c) an annual premium amount in excess of 350% of the annual premiums currently paid by the Company for such
insurance or (2) for any such tail policy contemplated by clause (ii) of this Section 7.6(c) an aggregate amount that is more than 350% of the last annual premium paid by the Company with respect to the Company
Current Insurance; provided that, if the premiums of any such insurance coverage exceed such amount, Parent, the Company or the Surviving Company shall obtain a policy with the greatest coverage available for a cost not exceeding such amount.

(d) If Parent, the Company or the Surviving Company or any of its successors or assigns (i) consolidates with or merges into any
other Person and is not the continuing or surviving entity or entity of such consolidation or (ii) transfers or conveys all or substantially all of its properties and assets to any Person (including by dissolution), then, and in each such case,
Parent shall cause proper provision to be made so that the successors and assigns of Parent, the Company or the Surviving Company assume and honor the obligations set forth in this Section 7.6. 

59 

(e) From the Acceptance Time and for a period of ten years thereafter, Parent and the
Company agree not to, directly or indirectly, amend, modify, limit or terminate the indemnification, advancement of expenses and exculpation provisions contained in the agreements listed in Section 7.6(e) of the Company
Disclosure Letter that would adversely affect the rights of those Company Indemnified Parties thereunder, in each case, except as required by applicable Law. 

(f) The provisions of Section 7.6(a) through (e): (i) are expressly intended to be for the benefit of, and
shall (subject to the second sentence of Section 7.6(b)) be enforceable by, each Company Indemnified Party, his or her heirs and legal representatives; and (ii) are in addition to, and not in substitution for, any
other rights to indemnification or contribution that any such Person may have by contract or otherwise. Parent, the Company and the Surviving Company, as applicable, shall pay or cause to be paid (as incurred) all expenses, including reasonable fees
and expenses of counsel, that a Company Indemnified Party incurred in enforcing the indemnity and other obligations provided for in this Section 7.6 (subject to reimbursement if the Company Indemnified Party is subsequently
determined not to be entitled to indemnification under Section 7.6(a)). 

(g) Parent agrees to, and will procure
that each of its Affiliates, including Merger Sub (once formed) (and, from and after the Acceptance Time, the Company and its Subsidiaries), will refrain from making and enforcing any claim against the current members of the Companys and its
Subsidiaries respective boards of directors and executive management for any claims, damages, obligations or other liabilities that the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of its or their respective Representatives has or may have suffered
arising out of any event, change, fact or occurrence occurring on or before the Acceptance Time in connection with any breach of duty owed to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; provided that the foregoing shall not apply in connection
with any breach committed with intent, gross negligence or fraud by a director or member of the executive management, as the case may be. 

Section 7.7. Public Announcements. 

(a) The press release to be issued after the execution of this Agreement by all parties regarding the transactions contemplated herein,
including the Offer and the Merger, shall be a joint press release and thereafter neither Parent nor the Company nor their respective Affiliates, shall, except as may be required by applicable Law or by obligations under any listing agreement with
or rules of the NYSE or as required by any Governmental Entity, issue any such press release or otherwise making any public statement with respect to this Agreement, the Merger Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby prior to obtaining the
other parties consent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), except that no such consent shall be necessary to the extent disclosure is required by applicable Law or by obligations under any listing agreement or rules
of the NYSE or as required by any Governmental Entity. 

(b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, the Company and
Parent agree that Parent and its Affiliates may share non-public and/or confidential information regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries with the Debt Financing Sources or any potential debt financing
sources, on a confidential basis, solely to the extent necessary for any marketing efforts (including syndication) in connection with the Debt Financing; provided that the recipients of such information are subject to customary
confidentiality agreements (including, without limitation, via customary click through agreements in a data room or similar lender site, if and to the extent such agreements are consistent with the provisions in the Confidentiality
Agreement). 

60 

Section 7.8. Employee Benefits. 

(a) As of the Acceptance Time, Parent shall, or shall cause one of its Subsidiaries to, continue to employ each Person employed by the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries as of the Acceptance Time (such employees, collectively, the ContinuingEmployees). 

(b) From the Acceptance Time through the first anniversary of the Closing Date, Parent shall (or shall cause its Subsidiaries to) provide each
Continuing Employee with (i) a base salary or hourly wage that is no less than the base salary or hourly wage that such Continuing Employee received from the Company or any of its Subsidiaries immediately prior to the Acceptance Time,
(ii) annual incentive compensation opportunities (excluding any equity incentive plans, change in control or retention pay or benefits) that are substantially comparable in the aggregate to the incentive compensation opportunities provided to
such Continuing Employees by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries immediately prior to the Acceptance Time, (iii) employee benefits (other than equity incentive plans, severance or redundancy benefits, defined benefit (including defined
benefit pensions), nonqualified deferred compensation, change in control, retention or similar benefits, perquisites, fringe benefits, retiree medical and welfare benefits) that are substantially comparable in the aggregate to the greater of
(x) such employee benefits provided to such Continuing Employees by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries immediately prior to the Acceptance Time or (y) such employee benefits provided to similarly situated employees of Parent or any of
its Subsidiaries and (iv) severance benefits that are no less favorable in the aggregate than the severance benefits described in Section 7.8(b)(iv) of the Company Disclosure Letter. 

(c) Parent hereby acknowledges that a change of control (or similar phrase) within the meaning of the Company Benefit Plans and
Company Share Plans set forth on Section 7.8(c) of the Company Disclosure Letter, as applicable, will occur at or prior to the Acceptance Time. 

(d) To the extent that the Company has not paid annual bonuses for the 2025 fiscal year generally to its Continuing Employees prior to the
Acceptance Time, Parent shall, or shall cause one of its Subsidiaries to, pay, no later than the date on which such 2025 fiscal year annual bonuses would have otherwise been paid to such Continuing Employees by the Company or its applicable
Subsidiary, such bonuses to Continuing Employees in the amounts (less any applicable withholding) determined by the compensation committee of the Company prior to the Acceptance Time in accordance with the applicable Company Benefit Plan(s). 

(e) Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall be construed to (i) establish or be treated as an amendment or modification of,
or as an undertaking to amend or modify, any Company Benefit Plan, (ii) alter or limit Parents or any of its Subsidiaries (including the Company and its Subsidiaries, following the Acceptance Time) ability to amend, modify, adopt,
establish or interpret or terminate any Company Benefit Plan at any time in accordance with 

61 

the terms of such plan and/or applicable Law, (iii) limit the right of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries (including the Company and its Subsidiaries, following the Acceptance Time) to
terminate the employment of any Continuing Employee at any time, for any or no reason, or (iv) give any third party, including any Continuing Employee, any right to rely upon or demand or enforce the provisions of this
Section 7.8. The provisions of this Section 7.8 are solely for the benefit of the parties to this Agreement, and no current or former director, officer, employee, other service provider or
independent contractor or any other person shall be a third party beneficiary of this Agreement or have any rights or remedies under this Agreement. 

Section 7.9. Notification. Prior to the Acceptance Time, the Company shall promptly notify Parent, and Parent shall promptly
notify the Company, of (a) any notice or other communication received by such party (i) from any Person alleging that the approval or consent of such Person is or may be required in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby or
(ii) from any Governmental Entity or the NYSE (or any other securities market) in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, in each case, if the subject matter of such communication or the failure of such party to obtain such
consent, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect or a Parent Material Adverse Effect, as applicable and (b) any Action commenced or, to such partys Knowledge, threatened
against, relating to or involving or otherwise affecting such party or any of its Subsidiaries that relate to the transactions contemplated hereby; provided, however, that delivery of any notice pursuant to this
Section 7.9 shall not cure any breach of or otherwise limit or affect the remedies available hereunder to any party. Failure to comply with this Section 7.9 shall not result in the failure of any
condition in Annex C or Article VIII to be satisfied, unless such condition would have otherwise been satisfied but for such failure to comply with this Section 7.9. 

Section 7.10. Formation and Obligations of Merger Sub. As soon as practicable and in any event no later than ten Business Days
after the date hereof, Parent shall file with the commercial register of the Canton of Zurich the documentation for the formation of Merger Sub in accordance with applicable Law. Immediately after registration of Merger Sub in the commercial
register of the Canton of Zurich, Parent shall cause Merger Sub to (i) enter into a written joinder agreement promptly following its incorporation, pursuant to which Merger Sub will agree to become a party to and be bound by the terms of this
Agreement and (ii) take any and all actions required by this Agreement and the Merger Agreement through the Closing. Prior to the Acceptance Time, Parent will cause Merger Sub not to undertake any activity except for any activity specifically
required by this Agreement or the Merger Agreement or otherwise required to consummate the Offer and Merger. 

Section 7.11.
Anti-Takeover Statute. The Company shall not, and shall cause its Subsidiaries not to, take any action that would, or would reasonably be expected to, cause any Takeover Law to become applicable to this Agreement or any Specified Shareholders
Support Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, including the Offer and the Merger. If any Takeover Law is or may become applicable to this Agreement or any Specified Shareholders Support Agreement (including the Offer,
the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby or thereby), each of the Company and Parent and their respective boards of directors shall (and Parent shall cause Merger Sub to) grant all such approvals and take all such actions as are
reasonably necessary or appropriate so that such transactions may be consummated as promptly as practicable hereafter on the terms contemplated hereby, and otherwise act reasonably to eliminate or minimize the effects of such Law on such
transactions. 

62 

Section 7.12. Stockholder Litigation. The Company shall promptly notify Parent
in writing of any Action relating to this Agreement by any stockholder or purported stockholder of the Company, and permit Parent to participate in the defense thereof. The Company shall (a) give Parent the right to review and comment on all
filings or responses to be made before such filings or responses are made by the Company in connection with such Action (and the Company shall consider such comments in good faith) and (b) not settle or offer to settle any such Action without
the prior written consent of Parent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. For purposes of this Section 7.12, participate means that the
non-litigating party will be kept apprised of proposed strategy and other significant decisions with respect to the litigation by the litigating party, consistent with the common interest of Parent and the
Company in these matters and the applicable privileges and protections provided therein, and the non-litigating party may offer comments or suggestions with respect to the litigation.

Section 7.13. Financing Assistance. 

(a) The Company shall use reasonable best efforts to provide to Parent, and shall cause its subsidiaries and the Companys and such
subsidiaries respective officers, directors, advisors and employees to use their reasonable best efforts to provide to Parent, at Parents sole cost and expense, such cooperation as may be reasonably requested by Parent in connection with
the Debt Financing, including: 

(i) furnishing Parent with such pertinent and customary information regarding the Company
and its subsidiaries as may be reasonably requested by Parent in connection with the Debt Financing; provided that (A) the Company shall only be obligated to deliver financial information to the extent such information may be obtained from the
books and records of the Company (which for the avoidance of doubt shall include (x) the audited consolidated income statements and statements of comprehensive income, financial position and cash flows for the Company and its Subsidiaries for
the most recent two fiscal years ended at least 120 days prior to the Acceptance Time (and the related audit reports), including the notes thereto, prepared in accordance with IFRS and (y) the unaudited condensed consolidated interim income
statements and statements of comprehensive income, financial position and cash flows of the Company and its Subsidiaries for any fiscal quarter ending subsequent to the last fiscal year for which financial statements were delivered pursuant to the
preceding clause (x) and at least 75 days prior to the Acceptance Time (and the corresponding period of the preceding fiscal year), including the notes thereto, prepared in accordance with IFRS), in each case of clauses (x) and (y), which
shall be deemed to have been delivered on the earliest date on which the Company posts such financial statements on the Companys website on the internet and/or such financial statements are included in a Form
20-F or Form 6-K, as applicable, posted on the SECs website on the internet (without any subsequent notice that such financial statements may not be relied upon
for any reason) and (B) the Company shall not be obligated to furnish any of the Excluded Information; 

63 

(ii) causing the Companys and the Companys Subsidiaries
independent accountants, as reasonably requested by Parent, to (A) provide customary consents to the use of their audit reports on the financial statements of the Company and the Companys Subsidiaries in any materials relating to, or any
applicable filings made with the SEC related to, such Debt Financing, (B) provide, consistent with customary practice, comfort letters, including customary negative assurances (including drafts thereof which such
accountants are prepared to issue at the time of pricing and at closing of any offering or placement of the Debt Financing) necessary and reasonably requested by Parent in connection with any capital markets transaction comprising a part of such
Debt Financing, and (C) participate in reasonable and customary due diligence sessions, which sessions shall be telephonic or held by videoconference and held at reasonable and mutually agreeable times; 

(iii) upon reasonable prior notice, causing members of management of the Company to participate in a reasonable number of
lender presentations, road shows, due diligence sessions, drafting sessions and sessions with providers or potential providers of the Debt Financing and rating agencies to the extent contemplated by the Debt Financing Documents, in each case, in
connection with the Debt Financing at reasonable times to be mutually agreed; 

(iv) reasonably assisting Parent and causing
members of management of the Company to reasonably assist Parent in (including by providing information relating to the Company and the Companys Subsidiaries reasonably required and requested by Parent in connection with) its preparation of
customary public side and private side bank information memoranda, lender and investor presentations, rating agency presentations, road show materials, projections, prospectuses, bank syndication materials, offering
memoranda, private placement memoranda, credit agreements, definitive financing documents (as well as customary certificates and backup support) and similar or related documents to be prepared by Parent in connection with such financings
(collectively, Debt Materials), including (i) customary authorization and representation letters with respect to information of the Company and the Companys Subsidiaries (subject to customary confidentiality provisions
and disclaimers) authorizing the distribution of information to prospective lenders or investors, (ii) by consenting to the inclusion or incorporation by reference of periodic and current reports filed by the Company with the SEC, and
(iii) by providing any historical financial information of the Company and the Companys Subsidiaries required for the preparation by Parent of customary pro forma financial information and pro forma financial statements to the extent
required by Regulation S-X under the Securities Act or any other accounting rules and regulations of the SEC and/or in connection with such Debt Financing (it being agreed that the Company need only assist in
the preparation thereof but shall not be required to (x) prepare independently any pro forma financial statements or (y) provide any information or assistance relating to (A) the proposed aggregate amount of Debt Financing, together
with assumed interest rates, dividends (if any) and fees and expenses relating to the incurrence of such debt, (B) any post-Closing or pro forma cost savings, synergies, capitalization, ownership or other pro forma adjustments desired to be
incorporated into any information used in connection with such Debt Financing or (C) any financial information related to Parent or any of Parents Subsidiaries); provided that no such Debt Materials shall be issued by the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries; 

64 

(v) reasonably facilitating (1) the pledging of shares in the Company
by Merger Sub (provided that (A) none of the related documents or certificates shall be executed and/or delivered except in connection with the consummation of the Offer and (B) the effectiveness thereof shall be conditioned upon, or
become operative after, the consummation of the Offer) and (2) the pledging of other collateral and the provision of guarantees (provided that (A) none of the related documents or certificates shall be executed and/or delivered except in
connection with the consummation of the Merger and (B) the effectiveness thereof shall be conditioned upon, or become operative after, the consummation of the Merger, and in no event shall any related corporate approval, signing or perfection
actions occur prior to completion of the Merger); 

(vi) providing, at least three Business Days prior to the date of the
Acceptance Time, Parent with all documentation and other information with respect to the Company as shall have been reasonably requested in writing by Parent at least nine Business Days prior to the date of the Acceptance Time that is required in
connection with the Debt Financing with respect to or to evidence compliance with applicable laws, including (A) under applicable know-your-customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act, and 31
C.F.R. 1010.230, and (B) OFAC, FCPA and the Investment Company Act; 

(vii) assisting with the preparation of any
Debt Financing Documents as may be reasonably requested by Parent by providing information for the completion of any schedules thereto, solely to the extent such materials relate to information concerning the Company or its Subsidiaries; and 

(viii) taking such actions as may be required or reasonably requested by Parent in connection with the repayment of the
indebtedness under the Existing Finance Documents, including the delivery of any applicable notices of repayment in accordance with the terms of such Existing Finance Documents. 

(b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 7.13(a), nothing will require the Company or its
Subsidiaries to provide (or be deemed to require the Company or its Subsidiaries to prepare) any (i) pro forma financial statements, projections or other prospective information (but the Company and its Subsidiaries shall, for the avoidance of
doubt, provide any customary historical information requested by Parent in connection with Parents preparation of pro forma financial statements, projections or other prospective information in accordance with clause (a)(iv) above); (ii)
description of all or any portion of the Debt Financing, including any description of notes or description of other indebtedness or other information customarily provided by financing sources or their counsel; (iii) risk
factors relating to all or any component of the Debt Financing, including any such description to be included in liquidity and capital resources disclosure; (iv) segment financial information and separate subsidiary financial statements,
(v) any financial statements or other information required by Rules 3-09, 3-10 or 3-16, 13-01 or 13-02 of Regulation S-X, Regulation S-K Item 302, (vi) information
regarding officers or directors prior to consummation of the Offer or the Merger, executive compensation and related 

65 

party disclosure or any Compensation Discussion and Analysis or information required by Item 302 (to the extent not so provided in SEC filings) or 402 of Regulation
S-K under the Securities Act and any other information that would be required by Part III of Form 10-K (except to the extent previously filed with the SEC), (vii) information regarding affiliate transactions
that may exist following consummation of the Offer or the Merger, (viii) information regarding any post-Closing or pro forma cost savings, synergies, capitalization, ownership or other pro forma adjustments (excluding information that is historical
financial information of the Company and is derivable without undue effort or expense by the Company from the books and records of the Company or any of its subsidiaries), (ix) information necessary for the preparation of any projected or
forward-looking financial statements or other information that is not derivable without undue effort or expense by the Company from the books and records of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or (x) in the case of any Rule 144A or private
placement of debt, any other information customarily excluded from an offering memorandum for private placements of non-convertible high-yield debt securities under Rule 144A (for life) promulgated under the
Securities Act (Excluded Information). 

(c) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) such requested
cooperation shall (A) not materially disrupt or interfere with the business or the operations of the Company or its Subsidiaries or (B) not be reasonably expected to cause competitive harm to the Company or its Subsidiaries,
(ii) nothing in this Section 7.13 shall require cooperation to the extent that it would (A) subject any of the Companys or its Subsidiaries respective directors, managers, officers or employees to any
actual or potential personal liability, (B) reasonably be expected to conflict with, or violate, the Companys and/or any of its Subsidiaries organizational documents or any applicable Law or Order, or result in the contravention of,
or violation or breach of, or default under, any contract to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party (solely to the extent the applicable provision was not entered into in contemplation hereof), (C) cause any condition to the Offer
or the Closing set forth in Annex C or Article VIII to not be satisfied or (D) cause any breach of this Agreement or cause any representation or warranty in this Agreement to be breached or become inaccurate,
(iii) neither the Company nor any Subsidiary thereof shall be required to (A) pay any commitment or other similar fee or incur or assume any liability or other obligation in connection with the Debt Financings contemplated by the Debt
Commitment Letter, the Debt Financing Documents or the Debt Financing or be required to take any action that would subject it to actual or potential liability, to bear any cost or expense or to make any other payment or agree to provide any
indemnity in connection with the Debt Commitment Letter, the Debt Financing Documents, the Debt Financing or any information utilized in connection therewith prior to the Closing for which it is not promptly reimbursed, (B) deliver or obtain
opinions of internal or external counsel, (C) provide access to or disclose information where the Company determines in good faith (after consultation with counsel) that such access or disclosure would result in the loss of attorney-client
privilege or (D) waive or amend any terms of this Agreement or any other contract to which the Company or its Subsidiaries is party, and (iv) none of the Companys Subsidiaries or their respective directors, officers or employees
shall be required to execute, deliver or enter into, or perform any agreement, document or instrument, including any Debt Financing Document or other agreements, pledge or security documents, with respect to the Debt Financing (other than customary
representation letters required in connection with the provision of any comfort letters in accordance with Section 7.13(a)(ii) above or customary authorization letters with respect to bank information memoranda
in accordance with Section 

66 

7.13(a)(iv)) that is not contingent upon the occurrence of the Effective Time that would be effective prior to the Effective Time and the directors and managers of the Company shall not be
required to adopt resolutions approving the agreements, documents and instruments pursuant to which the Debt Financing is obtained unless Parent shall have determined that such directors and managers are to remain as directors and managers of the
Company on and after the Effective Time and such resolutions are contingent upon the occurrence of, or only effective as of, the Effective Time. To the extent that this Section 7.13 requires the Companys cooperation
with respect to any of obligations under the Debt Commitment Letter or relating to the Debt Financing, the Company shall be deemed to have complied with this Section 7.13 for purposes of
Article VIII of this Agreement if the Company shall have provided Parent with the assistance required under this Section 7.13 with respect to the Debt Commitment Letter and the Debt Financing. The
Company hereby consents to the use of its logos in connection with the Debt Financing, so long such logos (i) are used solely in a manner that is not intended to or reasonably likely to harm or disparage the Company and/or its Subsidiaries and
(ii) are used solely in connection with a description of the Company, the Offer or the Merger (including in connection with any Debt Materials or other marketing materials related to the Debt Financing). 

(d) Parent (i) shall promptly, upon request by the Company, reimburse the Company for all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, costs and expenses (including (A) reasonable outside attorneys fees and (B) fees and expenses of the Companys accounting firms
engaged to assist in connection with the Debt Financing, including performing additional requested procedures, reviewing any offering documents, participating in any meetings and providing any comfort letters) to the extent incurred by the Company,
any of its subsidiaries or their respective directors, officers, employees, accountants, consultants, legal counsel, agents, investment bankers and other representatives in connection with the cooperation of the Company and its subsidiaries
contemplated by this Section 7.13 and (ii) shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Company and its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees, accountants, consultants, legal counsel,
agents, investment bankers and other representatives from and against any and all liabilities, losses, damages, claims, costs, expenses, interest, awards, judgments and penalties suffered or incurred by them in connection with arrangement of the
Debt Financing and the performance of their respective obligations under this Section 7.13 except to the extent resulting from the gross negligence, bad faith, fraud or willful misconduct of Company or any of its
Subsidiaries or representatives. 

(e) For the avoidance of doubt, Parent acknowledges and agrees that the provisions contained in this
Section 7.13 and Section 7.16 represent the sole obligation of the Company, its Subsidiaries and their Affiliates and their respective Representatives with respect to cooperation in connection with
the Debt Financing, and no other provision of this Agreement (including the Annexes and Schedules hereto) shall be deemed to expand or modify such obligations. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Companys breach of
any of the covenants required to be performed by it under this Section 7.13 shall not be considered in determining the satisfaction of the condition set forth in clause (b) of Annex C unless such breach is a
Willful Breach and is a direct cause of any Debt Financing not being obtained. 

67 

Section 7.14. Financing. 

(a) Parent and Merger Sub shall, use reasonable best efforts to take actions and to do all things necessary to arrange, obtain and consummate
the Debt Financing at or prior to the Acceptance Time. Without limiting the generality of the preceding sentence, each of Parent and Merger Sub agrees, to (i) use reasonable best efforts to negotiate, finalize and execute prior to Acceptance
Time the Debt Financing Documents (A) on the terms and conditions described in the Debt Commitment Letter or (B) on such other terms as may be acceptable to both Parent and the applicable Debt Financing Sources; provided that such
other terms do not contain any Prohibited Changes (as defined below), (ii) keep in full force and effect the Debt Commitment Letter or, if applicable the Debt Financing Documents, in each case, in accordance with their respective terms (provided,
that Parent and Merger Sub may replace or amend the Debt Commitment Letter subject to Section 7.14(d)), (iii) use reasonable best efforts to satisfy on a timely basis (or obtain the waiver of) all applicable conditions to
the initial funding of the Debt Financing set forth in the Debt Commitment Letter or, if applicable, the Debt Financing Documents, in each case that are required to be satisfied by Parent or Merger Sub at or prior to the Acceptance Time,
(iv) use reasonable best efforts to procure the consummation of the Debt Financing at the Acceptance Time (in an amount, together with any available cash and other sources of immediately available funds of Parent and its Subsidiaries,
sufficient to enable Parent and its Subsidiaries to pay the Required Amount) and (v) use reasonable best efforts to enforce their rights under the Debt Commitment Letter or, if applicable, the Debt Financing Documents to the extent necessary to
consummate the transactions contemplated herein. Upon the reasonable request of the Company, Parent shall keep the Company informed on a reasonably current basis in reasonable detail of any material developments in the status of its efforts to
arrange the Debt Financing (or Alternative Financing) (including providing copies of Definitive Financing Documents to the extent reasonably necessary to allow the Company to monitor the progress of such efforts, in each case, which may be redacted
with respect to fee amounts and any other economic terms). 

(b) In the event any portion of the Debt Financing becomes unavailable on the
terms and conditions contemplated in the Debt Commitment Letter for any reason (except in accordance with the provisions of the Debt Commitment Letter) in an amount, or to the extent that Parent reasonably believes in good faith that it will not
have funds available at the Acceptance Time and on the Closing Date that are, in each case, sufficient to enable Parent and its Subsidiaries to pay the Required Amount payable at such time in full, (i) Parent shall promptly notify the Company
in writing and (ii) Parent and Merger Sub shall use their respective reasonable best efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary to arrange to obtain alternative financing from
alternative sources (the Alternative Financing) as promptly as practicable following the occurrence of such event, in an amount sufficient, when added to the portion of the Debt Financing that is and remains available to Parent
and any available cash and other sources of immediately available funds of Parent and its Subsidiaries, to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and to pay the Required Amount, and to obtain and provide the Company with a copy
of, the new financing commitment that provides for such Alternative Financing (the Alternative Financing Commitment Letter), which Alternative Financing Commitment Letter shall not include any terms or conditions that would, or
would be reasonably expected to constitute a Prohibited Change. As applicable, references in this Agreement (other than with respect to representations in this Agreement made by Parent that speak as of the date hereof) (A) to the Debt Financing
shall include any such Alternative Financing, (B) to the Debt Commitment Letter shall include any such Alternative Financing Commitment Letter 

68 

and (C) to Debt Financing Documents shall include the definitive documentation relating to any such Alternative Financing. Parent shall promptly deliver to the Company true and complete
copies of all Debt Commitment Letters pursuant to which any such alternative source shall have committed to provide Parent and Merger Sub with any portion of the Debt Financing necessary to fund the Required Amount (provided that any fee letters in
connection therewith may be redacted respect to fees and other economic terms). 

(c) Without limiting the generality of
Section 7.14(b), Parent shall promptly notify the Company in writing of its Knowledge of the occurrence, prior to the Acceptance Time, of any of the following: (i) termination, withdrawal, repudiation, rescission,
cancellation or expiration of any Debt Commitment Letter or, if applicable, Debt Financing Document, in each case, other than in accordance with their respective terms, (ii) any breach or default (or any event or circumstance that, with or
without notice, lapse of time or both, would reasonably be expected to give rise to any breach or default) under any Debt Commitment Letter or Debt Financing Document by any party thereto, (iii) receipt by any of Parent, Merger Sub or any of
their respective Affiliates or Representatives of any written notice or other written communication from any Debt Financing Source, in each case, party to any Debt Commitment Letter or, if applicable, Debt Financing Document with respect to
(A) any actual, threatened or alleged breach, default, termination (except in accordance with its terms), withdrawal, rescission or repudiation by any party to any Debt Commitment Letter or Debt Financing Document or any provision of any Debt
Commitment Letter or Debt Financing Document (including any proposal by any Debt Financing Source, lender or other Person to withdraw, terminate, repudiate, rescind or make a material change in the terms of (including the obligation and/or amount
necessary to fund the Required Amount by) any Debt Commitment Letter or Debt Financing Document, in each case, other than in accordance with their respective terms) or (B) material dispute or disagreement between or among any parties to any
Debt Commitment Letter or Debt Financing Document with respect to their obligation to fund the Debt Financing at the Acceptance Time or (iv) if for any reason Parent in good faith believes that it is reasonably likely that it will not be able
to obtain Debt Financing in an amount, together with any available cash and other sources of immediately available funds of Parent and its Subsidiaries, sufficient to enable Parent and its Subsidiaries to pay the Required Amount at the Acceptance
Time and on the Closing Date, as applicable. As soon as reasonably practicable, but in any event within two Business Days following written request from the Company, Parent shall provide the Company with any and all information reasonably requested
by the Company relating to any circumstance referred to in this Section 7.14(c). 

(d) Parent and Merger Sub
shall not (without the prior written consent of the Company) permit or consent to or agree to any amendment, restatement, replacement, supplement, termination, reduction or other modification or waiver of any provision or remedy under, the Debt
Commitment Letter or any Debt Financing Document to the extent that such amendment, restatement, supplement, termination, reduction, modification or waiver would reasonably be expected to (i) impose new or additional conditions precedent to the
initial funding of the Debt Financing or otherwise change, amend, modify or expand any of the conditions precedent to the initial funding of the Debt Financing, (ii) result in the early termination of the Debt Commitment Letter (except as set
forth therein) or any Debt Financing Document in a way that would reasonably be expected to prevent, impede or delay the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement to occur at the Acceptance Time and on the Closing Date,
(iii) impair, delay or 

69 

prevent the availability of all or a portion of the Debt Financing or reduce the aggregate cash amount of the Debt Financing (including by changing the amount of fees to be paid or original issue
discount of the Debt Financing), in each case, to the extent that Parent would not have (together with any available cash and other sources of immediately available funds of Parent and its Subsidiaries) sufficient sources of funding to enable Parent
and its Subsidiaries to pay the Required Amount at the Acceptance Time and on the Closing Date, as applicable, or (iv) otherwise adversely affect the ability of the Parent to enforce its rights under the Debt Commitment Letter or any Debt
Financing Document or to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the timing of the Closing, including by making the funding of the Debt Financing (in an amount, together with any available cash and other sources of immediately
available funds of Parent and its Subsidiaries, sufficient to enable Parent and its Subsidiaries to pay the Required Amount at the Acceptance Time and at the Closing, as applicable) less likely to occur (the foregoing clauses (i) through (iv),
the Prohibited Changes); provided, however, for the avoidance of doubt, Parent and Merger Sub may amend, replace, supplement and/or modify the Debt Commitment Letter solely to add lenders, lead arrangers,
bookrunners, syndication agents or similar entities as parties thereto who had not executed the Debt Commitment Letter as of the date hereof. Parent shall furnish to the Company a copy of any amendment, restatement, replacement, supplement,
modification, waiver or consent of or relating to the Debt Commitment Letter or the Debt Financing Documents promptly upon execution thereof. For purposes of this Agreement (other than with respect to representations in this Agreement made by Parent
that speak as of the date hereof), references to the Debt Commitment Letter shall include such document as permitted or required by Section 7.14(a) to be amended, restated, replaced, supplemented or otherwise
modified or waived, in each case from and after such amendment, restatement, replacement, supplement or other modification or waiver. 

(e)
If the Debt Commitment Letter is replaced, amended, supplemented or modified, including as a result of obtaining Alternative Financing, or if Parent substitutes other debt financing for all or any portion of the Debt Financing in accordance with
Section 7.14(a), Parent shall comply with its obligations under this Agreement, including Section 7.14(a), with respect to the Debt Commitment Letter as so replaced, amended, supplemented or
modified to the same extent that Parent were obligated to comply prior to the date the Debt Commitment Letter was so replaced, amended, supplemented or modified. Notwithstanding anything in Section 7.14(a) to the contrary,
compliance by Parent with Section 7.14(a) shall not relieve Parent or Merger Sub of its obligation to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement whether or not the Debt Financing is available and Parent
acknowledges that this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby are not contingent on Parent or Merger Subs ability to obtain the Debt Financing (or any alternative financing) or any specific term with respect to such financing. 

Section 7.15. Stock Exchange Delisting. Prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall use reasonable best efforts to cooperate with
Parent and to take, or cause to be taken, all actions, and do or cause to be done all things, reasonably necessary, proper or advisable on its part under applicable Laws and rules and policies of the NYSE to enable the delisting by the Surviving
Company of the Company Shares from the NYSE as promptly as practicable after the Effective Time and the deregistration of the Company Shares under the Exchange Act at the Effective Time. 

70 

Section 7.16. Debt Payoff Covenant. (a) At least three Business Days prior
to the Acceptance Time, the Company shall use reasonable best efforts to deliver or cause to be delivered to Parent (i) an executed Payoff Letter (or letters) in customary form for the Existing Finance Documents, and (ii) customary
encumbrance releases and other security releases, guarantee releases and termination documentation (collectively in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Parent and its Debt Financing Sources, the Payoff Documentation), to
allow for the payoff, discharge and termination of such indebtedness, security interests and guarantees no later than the Acceptance Time and (b) Parent shall pay, or cause the Company to pay, the Payoff Amount at the Acceptance Time. 

Section 7.17. Termination of Contracts. At the Acceptance Time, except as otherwise may be agreed in writing by Parent, the
Company shall use reasonable best efforts to deliver to Parent customary documentary evidence of the termination of the contracts set forth on Section 7.17 of the Company Disclosure Letter. 

Section 7.18. Swiss Tax Ruling. 

(a) Each of the Company and Parent acknowledges that (i) the Company shall have primary responsibility for obtaining the written answer
from the Swiss Federal Tax Administration with respect to the Required SFTA Tax Ruling, including drafting any submissions to the Swiss Federal Tax Administration, communicating with the Swiss Federal Tax Administration, and conducting any
negotiations or discussions therewith and (ii) the filing of the Swiss Tax Rulings (including but not limited to that described in clause (i) hereof) may require the cooperation and supply of information between the parties hereto. The
parties hereto shall therefore cooperate in good faith and supply promptly any information and documentary material that may be reasonably requested by a respective legal advisor to prepare the Swiss Tax Rulings and any additional information and
documentary material that may be reasonably requested by the Swiss Federal Tax Administration and/or the Cantonal Tax Administration as applicable, in order to obtain the Swiss Tax Rulings within the shortest possible time after the date of this
Agreement. 

(b) In the event that the written answer from the Swiss Federal Tax Administration does not satisfy the Required SFTA Tax
Ruling, the parties hereto shall discuss in good faith the adjustment or modification to the envisaged acquisition structure in order to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. 

Section 7.19. Parent Restructuring. Parent shall not, and shall cause its Subsidiaries not to, prior to the Acceptance Time,
authorize or implement any material restructuring, recapitalization or reorganization of Parent or its Subsidiaries without the prior written consent of the Company (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed;
provided that failure to respond within five Business Days after receipt by the Company of a formal written request for consent shall be deemed to be consent) if such restructuring, recapitalization or reorganization would reasonably be
expected to (a) impose any material delay in the obtaining of, or materially increase the risk of not obtaining, any of the Required Approvals, (b) materially increase the risk of any Governmental Entity in any Applicable Jurisdiction
seeking or entering an order prohibiting the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the Merger Agreement, (c) materially increase the risk of not being able to remove any such order on appeal, (d) materially
increase the risk of Parent or the Company requiring additional consents of 

71 

any Governmental Entity (other than the Required Approvals) to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the Merger Agreement, (e) materially increase the risk of
(i) not obtaining the Required SFTA Tax Ruling or (ii) incremental withholding Taxes under applicable Tax Law with respect to the Offer Consideration or the Merger Consideration, (f) have a Parent Material Adverse Effect or
(g) result in Parent ceasing to be the public holding company of the Subsidiaries of Parent (unless any such new public holding company (New Holdco) executes a joinder to this Agreement pursuant to which New Holdco will agree
to (x) become a party to and be bound by the terms of this Agreement and (y) take any and all actions required of Parent by this Agreement). 

ARTICLE VIII 

CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER 

Section 8.1. Conditions to Each Partys Obligation to Effect the Merger. The respective obligation of each
party to effect the Merger shall be subject to the satisfaction before the Closing of the following conditions, unless waived in writing (if such waiver is permitted and effective under applicable Law) by both the Company and Parent: 

(a) No Injunctions or Restraints; Illegality. (i) No Governmental Entity of competent jurisdiction in the Applicable Jurisdictions
shall have enacted or promulgated any Law or Order (whether temporary, preliminary or permanent) to prohibit, restrain, enjoin or make illegal the consummation of the Merger that remains in effect and (ii) each Required Approval shall have been
(A) obtained, received or deemed to have been received or (B) in the case of any applicable waiting period, such waiting period shall have terminated or expired. 

(b) Completion of the Offer; Merger Agreement. 

(i) Merger Sub shall have accepted for payment the Company Shares validly tendered and not withdrawn in the Offer. 

(ii) The Merger Agreement shall have been executed and delivered by Merger Sub and the Company. The Merger Audit Report shall
have been executed and delivered by a specially qualified auditor and shall be in full force and effect. The Merger Right of Inspection shall have been granted to the Companys and Merger Subs shareholders and quota holder, respectively,
in the form and substance as required pursuant to Article 16 Swiss Merger Act. The Merger Employee Consultation shall have been conducted in the form and substance as required pursuant to Article 28 Swiss Merger Act in connection with Article 333a
Swiss Code of Obligations. 

(c) Subsequent Company Shareholder Approval. The Subsequent Company Shareholder Approval shall have
been obtained with such approval being recorded in the form of a public deed as required pursuant to Article 18 Swiss Merger Act and the information regarding the Merger Employee Consultation pursuant to Article 28 (2) Swiss Merger Act. 

72 

(d) Subsequent Merger Sub Quota Holder Approval. The Merger Agreement shall have been
approved by the majority required pursuant to Article 18, paragraph 1(c) of the Swiss Merger Act at the Subsequent Merger Sub Quota Holder Meeting with such approval being recorded in the form of a public deed as required pursuant to Article 18
Swiss Merger Act and the information regarding the Merger Employee Consultation pursuant to Article 28 (2) Swiss Merger Act. 

(e) The
Company shall have obtained the Required SFTA Tax Ruling. 

(f) Merger Sub shall have obtained the Cantonal Tax Ruling. 

ARTICLE IX 

TERMINATION 

Section 9.1. Termination. This Agreement may be terminated, and either the Offer may be abandoned at any time prior to the
Acceptance Time or the Merger may be abandoned at any time prior to the Effective Time, by written notice of the terminating party or parties (with any termination by Parent also being an effective termination by Merger Sub) has been obtained only:

(a) by mutual consent of the Company and Parent in a written instrument; 

(b) prior to the Acceptance Time, by either the Company or Parent if any court or other Governmental Entity of competent jurisdiction in the
Applicable Jurisdictions shall have issued a final order, decree or ruling or taken any other final action permanently restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the Offer (including the acquisition or payment for Company Shares pursuant
thereto), and such order, decree or ruling or other action is or shall have become final and nonappealable; provided that the party seeking to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 9.1(b) shall have used
such standard of efforts as may be required pursuant to Section 7.3 to prevent, oppose and remove such restraint, injunction or other prohibition; 

(c) after the Acceptance Time and prior to the Effective Time, by either the Company or Parent if any court or other Governmental Entity of
competent jurisdiction in the Applicable Jurisdictions shall have issued a final order, decree or ruling or taken any other final action permanently restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the Merger (including the acquisition or payment for
Company Shares pursuant thereto), and such order, decree or ruling or other action is or shall have become final and nonappealable; provided that the party seeking to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this
Section 9.1(c) shall have used such standard of efforts as may be required pursuant to Section 7.3 to prevent, oppose and remove such restraint, injunction or other prohibition; 

(d) prior to the Acceptance Time, by either the Company or Parent, upon written notice to the other party, if the Offer shall not have been
consummated on or before 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on September 30, 2025 (the End Date); provided that (i) if all of the conditions set forth in Annex C (other than (A) those conditions that
by their nature cannot be satisfied until the expiration of the Offer, but provided that such conditions (other than the Minimum Condition) shall then be capable of being satisfied if the expiration of the Offer were to take place at such time,
(B) the Regulatory Condition or (C) the Absence of Legal Restraint Condition (to the extent the applicable Law or Order relates to a consent, approval or clearance under applicable Law required for the Regulatory Condition to be
satisfied)) have been satisfied or (if such waiver is permitted hereunder or under Annex C) waived, either the Company or Parent 

73 

shall have the right by delivering written notice to the other party to extend the End Date to 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on February 16, 2026 and (ii) the right to terminate this
Agreement pursuant to this Section 9.1(d) shall not be available to the party seeking to terminate if any action of such party (or, in the case of Parent, Merger Sub) or the failure of such party (or, in the case of Parent,
Merger Sub) to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement required to be performed at or prior to the Acceptance Time has been the primary cause of the failure of the Acceptance Time to occur on or before the End Date; provided
further that, in the event a party has initiated proceedings to specifically enforce this Agreement and such proceedings are still pending, the End Date shall be automatically extended by (A) the amount of time during which such proceedings are
pending plus 20 Business Days or (B) such other time period established by the court presiding over such proceedings; 

(e) prior to
the Acceptance Time, by Parent upon written notice to the Company, if the Company Board (or any authorized and empowered committee thereof) shall have made a Company Recommendation Change; 

(f) prior to the Acceptance Time, by Parent if Parent is not in material breach of its obligations under this Agreement, upon written notice
to the Company if there shall have been a breach by the Company of any of the covenants or agreements in this Agreement or any representations or warranties of the Company set forth in this Agreement shall have become inaccurate or been breached by
the Company, which breach or inaccuracy, individually or in the aggregate, results in (or would result in if continuing or occurring at the Acceptance Time), the failure to satisfy any of the conditions set forth in clause (a), (b) or (c) of
Annex C and which breach cannot or has not been cured by the earlier of (i) the Acceptance Time, or (ii) 45 days following written notice thereof to the Company of such breach; 

(g) prior to the Acceptance Time, by the Company in order to enter into a definitive agreement with respect to a Company Superior Proposal,
subject to the terms and conditions of Section 7.4(e); provided that substantially concurrently with such termination the Company (i) enters into a definitive agreement with respect to such Company Superior Proposal,
and (ii) pays the Company Termination Fee due pursuant to Section 9.2(b)(i); or 

(h) prior to the
Acceptance Time, by the Company if the Company is not in material breach of its obligations under this Agreement, upon written notice to Parent if (i) any of the representations and warranties of Parent and Merger Sub set forth in (A) the
first sentence of, Section 5.1(a), Section 5.2(a), Section 5.6 and Section 5.7 shall not be true and correct in all material respects as of the
date of this Agreement and the Acceptance Time as though made at and as of the Acceptance Time (except to the extent that any such representation or warranty expressly is made as of an earlier date, in which case such representation and warranty
shall be true and correct as of such specified date) and (B) the other representations and warranties of Article V shall not be true and correct in all respects (without giving effect to any materiality,
Parent Material Adverse Effect or similar qualifiers contained in any such representations and warranties) as of the Acceptance Time as though made on and as of such date (except to the extent that any such representation or warranty
expressly speaks as of an earlier date, in which case such representation and warranty shall be true and correct as of such earlier date), except, in the case of this subclause (B), where the failures of any such representations and warranties to be
so true and correct, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Parent 

74 

Material Adverse Effect, (ii) Parent or Merger Sub shall have failed to perform in all material respects any obligations, or failed to comply in all material respects with any agreements and
covenants, required to be performed by or complied with by it under this Agreement at or prior to the Acceptance Time, and in the case of each clause (i) and (ii) above, such inaccuracy or failure to be true and correct or failure to perform or
to comply cannot or has not been cured by the earlier of (A) the Acceptance Time and (B) 45 days following written notice thereof of such inaccuracy or breach to Parent, or (iii) the Company shall not have received a certificate dated the
date of the Acceptance Time and signed on behalf of Parent by a duly authorized officer of Parent certifying that clauses (i) and (ii) above are not applicable. 

Section 9.2. Effect of Termination. 

(a) In the event of the valid termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 9.1, this Agreement shall forthwith
become void, and there shall be no liability or obligation on the part of any party, except as provided in (i) Section 7.2(b), (ii) Section 7.4(g), (iii) this
Section 9.2, and (iv) Article X; provided that, subject to the limitations set forth in this Section 9.2, nothing herein shall relieve any party of any
liability for damages resulting from Willful Breach prior to such termination by any party (which liability the parties acknowledge and agree may include the loss of the premium that holders of Company Shares, Company Share Options, Company
Restricted Share Awards and Company Warrants (if exercised) would be entitled to receive pursuant to the terms of this Agreement if the Offer and the Merger were consummated in accordance with its terms). The parties acknowledge and agree that
nothing in this Section 9.2 shall be deemed to affect their right to specific performance under Section 10.10, except as expressly set forth in this Section 9.2. 

(b) In the event that this Agreement is validly terminated: 

(i) by the Company pursuant to Section 9.1(g); 

(ii) by Parent pursuant to Section 9.1(e); 

(iii) (A) after the date of this Agreement and prior to the Acceptance Time, a Company Takeover Proposal shall have been
delivered to the Company Board or made publicly to the Companys shareholders and not withdrawn prior to the termination of this Agreement, (B) thereafter this Agreement is terminated by the Company or Parent pursuant to
Section 9.1(d) or by Parent pursuant to Section 9.1(f) and (C) within 12 months after the date of such termination the Company shall have entered into a definitive transaction agreement
providing for, or consummated, a transaction in respect of any Company Takeover Proposal, which, in each case, need not be the same Company Takeover Proposal that was made, disclosed or communicated prior to termination hereof (provided, that for
purposes of this clause (C), each reference to 20% in the definition of Company Takeover Proposal shall be deemed to be a reference to 50%); 

75 

then the Company shall pay the Company Termination Fee to Parent (or one or more of its
designees), in each case payable by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated in writing by Parent, (x) at the time of termination if the Company Termination Fee is payable pursuant to
Section 9.2(b)(i), (y) as promptly as reasonably practicable if the Company Termination Fee is payable pursuant to Section 9.2(b)(ii) (and, in any event, within two Business Days following such
termination) or (z) at the earlier of the execution and delivery of such agreement and the time of the closing of a transaction referenced in clause (C) of Section 9.2(b)(iii), it being understood that in no event
shall the Company be required to pay the Company Termination Fee on more than one occasion. If the Company fails to pay the Company Termination Fee when due and payable in accordance with this Section 9.2(b), and in order
to collect such amount, Parent commences a suit that results in a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction against the Company for the Company Termination Fee, then the Company shall
(1) pay to Parent interest on the amount of the Company Termination Fee, from the date payment of such amount was originally due and payable at the prime lending rate set forth in The Wall Street Journal in effect on the date the Company
Termination Fee becomes due and payable and (2) reimburse Parent for all reasonable, documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including fees and disbursements
of counsel) incurred in connection with such suit (the Enforcement Expenses); provided that the Company shall have no obligation to reimburse Parent for any Enforcement Expenses in excess of $5,000,000. 

(c) The parties acknowledge and hereby agree that the Company Termination Fee if, as and when required pursuant to this
Section 9.2, shall not constitute a penalty but will be liquidated damages, in a reasonable amount that will compensate the party receiving such amount in the circumstances in which it is payable for the efforts and
resources expended and opportunities foregone while negotiating this Agreement and in reliance on this Agreement and on the expectation of the consummation of the Offer and the Merger, which amount would otherwise be impossible to calculate with
precision. Parent acknowledges and hereby agrees that in no event shall the Company be required to pay the Company Termination Fee on more than one occasion. 

(d) Each of the Company, Parent and Merger Sub (following the execution of the joinder to this Agreement) acknowledges that the agreements
contained in this Section 9.2 are an integral part of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and that, without these agreements, the parties would not enter into this Agreement. 

(e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, in any circumstance in which this Agreement is terminated pursuant to this
Article IX and Parent is actually and timely paid the Company Termination Fee pursuant to this Section 9.2, the Company Termination Fee and, if applicable, the Enforcement Expenses shall be the
sole and exclusive remedy of Parent, its Subsidiaries and any of their respective former, current or future general or limited partners, shareholders, controlling Persons, managers, members, directors, officers, employees, Affiliates,
representatives, agents or any their respective assignees or successors or any former, current or future general or limited partner, stockholder, controlling Person, manager, member, director, officer, employee, Affiliate, representative, agent,
assignee or successor of any of the foregoing (collectively, Parent Related Parties) against the Company, its Subsidiaries and any of their respective former, current or future general or limited partners, shareholders,
controlling Persons, managers, members, directors, officers, employees, Affiliates, representatives, agents or any their respective assignees or successors or any former, current or future general or limited partner, stockholder, controlling Person,
manager, member, director, officer, employee, Affiliate, representative, agent, assignee or successor of any of the foregoing (collectively, Company Related Parties) for any loss or damage suffered as a result of the failure of
the consummation of the Offer and the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement to be consummated or for a breach of (including Willful Breach), or failure to perform under, this Agreement or any certificate or other document
delivered in connection herewith or otherwise or in respect of any oral representation made or alleged to have been made in connection herewith or therewith, and upon payment of such amounts, none of the Company Related Parties shall have any
further liability or obligation relating to or arising out of this Agreement or in respect of representations made or alleged to be made in connection herewith, whether in equity or at law, in contract, in tort or otherwise, except that nothing
shall relieve the Company of its obligations under Section 7.2(b) and Section 7.7. 

76 

(f) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, and without
limiting the Companys or Parents rights under Section 10.10, under no circumstances will Parent be entitled to monetary damages under this Agreement or in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby
from (i) the Company in excess of the amount equal to the Company Termination Fee and Enforcement Expenses (provided that nothing herein shall relieve the Company of any liability for damages resulting from a Willful Breach by the
Company) or (ii) any Company Related Parties (other than the Company). 

ARTICLE X 

GENERAL PROVISIONS 

Section 10.1. Non-Survival of Representations, Warranties and Agreements. None of the
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements of Parent, Merger Sub or the Company in this Agreement or in any instrument delivered under this Agreement, including any rights arising out of any breach of such representations, warranties,
covenants, and agreements, shall survive the Effective Time, except for those covenants and agreements contained herein and therein that by their terms apply or are to be performed in whole or in part after the Effective Time. 

Section 10.2. Notices. All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed duly given and
properly received (a) on the date of delivery if delivered personally, (b) when received when sent by email by the party to be notified; provided that no bounceback or notice of
non-delivery is received or (c) when delivered by a courier (with confirmation of delivery). All notices hereunder shall be delivered as set forth below or under such other instructions as may be
designated in writing by the party to receive such notice. 

(a) If to the Company prior to the Effective Time, to: 

Global Blue Group Holding AG 

Rue des Flchres 7A 

1274 Signy Centre 

Switzerland

Attention: 

Jeremy Henderson-Ross 

Jacques Stern 

Email: 

jhendersonross@globalblue.com 

jstern@globalblue.com 

77 

with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): 

Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP 

425 Lexington Avenue 

New York,
New York 10017 

Attention: 

Elizabeth A. Cooper 

Mark C. Viera 

Email: 

ecooper@stblaw.com 

mark.viera@stblaw.com 

(b) If to Parent, to: 

Shift4
Payments, Inc. 

3501 Corporate Parkway 

Center Valley, PA 18034 

Attention: 

Taylor Lauber 

Jordan Frankel 

Email: 

tlauber@shift4.com; 

jfrankel@shift4.com 

with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): 

Latham & Watkins LLP 

1271 Avenue of the Americas 

New York, New York 10020 

Attention: 

Andrew Elken 

Leah Sauter 

Email: 

Andrew.Elken@lw.com 

Leah.Sauter@lw.com 

Section 10.3. Interpretation. The parties have participated jointly in negotiating and drafting this Agreement. If an ambiguity or
a question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the parties, and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of the authorship of any provision
of this Agreement. When a reference is made in this Agreement to sections or subsections, such reference shall be to a section or subsection of this Agreement unless otherwise indicated. The table of contents and headings contained in this Agreement
are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. Whenever the words include, includes or including are used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed
to be followed by the words without limitation unless otherwise indicated. The words herein, hereof, hereunder and words of similar import shall be deemed to refer to this Agreement as a whole,
including the Disclosure Letters and the Annexes hereto, and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. Any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. References to party or parties
in this Agreement mean the Company and Parent and Merger Sub (from and after Merger Subs execution of a joinder to this Agreement), as the case may be. References to dollars or $ in this Agreement are to the lawful
currency of the 

78 

United States of America, references to CHF in this Agreement are to the lawful currency of Switzerland and references to are to the lawful currency of the member
states of the European Union that have adopted the euro as their currency. References to any agreement shall be deemed to include the exhibits, schedules and annexes to such agreement, together with all amendments thereto. References to any Law
shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, replacing, supplementing or interpreting such Law. Time periods within or following which any payment is to be made or act is to be done shall be calculated by excluding
the day on which the period commences and including the day on which the period ends and by extending the period to the next Business Day following if the last day of the period is not a Business Day. Except with respect to any such documents,
instruments or materials that are publicly filed with or furnished to the SEC, references to provided to, furnished to, made available and words of similar import mean that the relevant documents, instruments and
materials were posted and made available to Parent in the electronic data room maintained by the Company or its Representatives no later than 24 hours prior to the date of this Agreement. Any reference to ordinary course of
business or any similar concept refers to the ordinary course of business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. Any contract or Law referred to or defined herein means such contract or Law as amended, modified, supplemented or
replaced from time to time and references to any section of any Law include any successor to such Law. Representations and warranties in Article IV and Article V that are made in
reference to a partys Disclosure Letter or in the case of or with respect to a certain party and its Subsidiaries or Affiliates are being made only by that party. To the extent computation of any amounts contemplated by
this Agreement is payable or denominated in a currency other than U.S. dollar, such amounts shall be converted to such currency using the currency equivalent; provided that when determining the payable or denominated Option Consideration, the
Vested Restricted Share Award Consideration, the Unvested Restricted Share Award Consideration, Expenses and any computations thereof, the currency equivalent shall be determined using the spot rate as of the Acceptance Time. For purposes of this
Agreement, (i) currency equivalent means, the corresponding amount in such other currency resulting from multiplying such amount in U.S. dollar by the spot rate and (ii) spot rate means as
of any time or date of determination, the rate of exchange of such currency for U.S. dollar at the time or date of determination as quoted by Bloomberg L.P. on www.bloomberg.com/markets/currencies/fxc.html and applying the currency converter set
forth on such webpage, or as displayed on such other information service which publishes that rate of exchange from time to time in place of Bloomberg L.P. 

Section 10.4. Disclosure Letters. The Company Disclosure Letter and Parent Disclosure Letter (the Disclosure
Letters) and the information and disclosures contained therein relate to and qualify certain of the representations, warranties, covenants and obligations made by the Company or Parent, as applicable, in this Agreement and shall not be
construed or otherwise deemed to constitute, any representation, warranty, covenant or obligation of the Company or Parent, as applicable, or any other Person except to the extent explicitly provided in this Agreement and shall not be deemed to
expand in any way the scope or effect of any of such representations, warranties, covenants or obligations. No reference to or disclosure of any item or other matter in the Disclosure Letters shall be construed as an admission or indication, in and
of itself, that such item represents a material exception or material fact, event or circumstance, that such item has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, or that such item or other matter shall be construed as an
admission or indication of a breach, violation or non-compliance

79 

by the Company. Nothing in the Disclosure Letters shall constitute an admission of any liability or obligation of any Person to any other Person or shall confer or give any third party any
remedy, claim, liability, reimbursement, cause of action or any other right whatsoever. Neither the specification of any item or matter in any representation or warranty contained in this Agreement nor the inclusion of any specific item in the
Disclosure Letters is intended to imply that such item or matter, or other items or matters, are or are not in the ordinary course of business, and no party shall use the fact of the setting forth or the inclusion of any such item or matter in any
dispute or controversy between the parties as to whether any obligation, item or matter not described in this Agreement or included in the Disclosure Letters is or is not in the ordinary course of business for purposes of this Agreement. Each of the
Disclosure Letters is arranged in sections corresponding to the Sections in this Agreement and any items or matters set forth in one section or subsection of a Disclosure Letter shall be deemed to apply to and qualify the Section or subsection of
this Agreement to which it corresponds and each other Section or subsection of this Agreement to the extent the relevance of such items or matters to such other Section or subsection of this Agreement is reasonably apparent. The inclusion of any
cross-references to any section or subsection of the Disclosure Letters, or the failure to include such cross-references, shall not be deemed to mean that the relevance of any disclosure is not reasonably apparent for the purposes of the immediately
preceding sentence. The headings contained in the Disclosure Letters are included for convenience and reference only and are not intended to limit the effect of the disclosures contained in the Disclosure Letters or to expand, modify or influence
the scope of the information required to be disclosed in the Disclosure Letter or the interpretation of this Agreement. The information contained in the Disclosure Letters is confidential, proprietary information of the Company or Parent, as
applicable, and the respective other parties shall be obligated to maintain and protect such confidential information pursuant to this Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreement. In disclosing the information in the Disclosure Letters, the Company
and Parent, as applicable, expressly do not waive any attorney-client privilege or other similar privilege associated with such information or any protection afforded by the work-product doctrine or other similar doctrine with respect to any of the
matters disclosed or discussed herein. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Disclosure Letters and similar documents and instruments delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall not be deemed part of this Agreement for
purposes of Section 268(b) of the Delaware General Corporation Law, but shall have the effects provided in this Agreement otherwise (including with respect this Section 10.4). 

Section 10.5. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts, each of which shall be considered one and the
same agreement and shall become effective when each of the parties has delivered a signed counterpart to the other parties, it being understood that all parties need not sign the same counterpart. Delivery of an executed signature page of this
Agreement by electronic transmission or electronic .pdf, including using generally recognized e-signature technology (e.g., DocuSign or Adobe Sign), shall be effective as delivery of a manually
executed counterpart hereof. 

80 

Section 10.6. Entire Agreement; No Third Party Beneficiaries. 

(a) This Agreement (including the Annexes, the Parent Disclosure Letter and the Company Disclosure Letter), the Merger Agreement, the
Specified Shareholders Support Agreements, the letter agreement with the Specified Parent Stockholder dated as of the date hereof, the Cost Reimbursement Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreement constitute the entire agreement and supersedes all
prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof; provided that the Confidentiality Agreement shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and
shall terminate in accordance with its terms, or if the Closing occurs, as set forth in Section 10.2(b). 

(b)
This Agreement is not intended to, and shall not, confer upon any other Person any rights, benefit or remedies of any nature hereunder other than the parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns, except (i) as set forth in or
contemplated by the terms and provisions of Section 3.2(i), Section 7.6, Section 10.15, and Section 10.16, (ii) from and after the Acceptance
Time, the rights of holders of Company Shares, Company Share Options, Company Restricted Share Awards and Company Warrants (if exercised) to receive the Offer Consideration, the Option Consideration, the Vested Restricted Share Award Consideration,
the Unvested Restricted Share Award Consideration and the Company Warrant Consideration as set forth herein and (iii) from and after the Effective Time, the rights of holders of Company Shares to receive the Merger Consideration. 

Section 10.7. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, interpreted and construed with regard to, in all respects,
including as to validity, interpretation and effect, the Laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to its principles or rules of conflict of laws (other than those provisions set forth herein that are required to be governed by the Laws
of Switzerland). The Merger Agreement shall be governed by, interpreted and construed with regard to, in all respects, including as to validity, interpretation and effect, the Laws of Switzerland, without giving effect to its principles or rules of
conflict of laws. 

Section 10.8. Severability. Any term or provision of this Agreement that is invalid or unenforceable in any
jurisdiction shall, as to that jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability and shall not render invalid or unenforceable the remaining terms and provisions of this Agreement or affect the validity or
enforceability of any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction. If any provision of this Agreement is so broad as to be unenforceable, the provision shall be interpreted to be only so broad as is enforceable.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, this Agreement shall not be interpreted without giving effect to Section 10.10 or Section 10.15. 

Section 10.9. Assignment. Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations of the parties hereunder shall be
assigned by any of the parties (whether by operation of Law or otherwise) without the prior written consent of the other parties, which may be granted or withheld in the sole discretion of the other parties. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Parent may
assign, in its sole discretion, any or all of its rights, interests and obligations under this Agreement to (a) any of the Debt Financing Sources after the Acceptance Time pursuant to the terms of the Debt Commitment Letter entered into in
connection with the Debt Financing but solely to the extent necessary for purposes of creating a security interest herein or otherwise assigning this Agreement and its rights hereunder as collateral in respect of the Debt Financing, or (b) any
of its Affiliates; provided that no such assignment contemplated by either the foregoing clause (a) or (b) shall (i) relieve Parent or Merger Sub of any of its obligations or agreements hereunder, (ii) prejudice the rights of
shareholders of the Company to receive (A) the Offer Consideration for Company Shares validly tendered and accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer, (B) the Merger 

81 

Consideration for Company Shares converted into cash pursuant to the Merger, (C) the Option Consideration, the Vested Restricted Share Award Consideration and the Unvested Restricted Share
Award Consideration, in each case pursuant to Section 3.3 or (D) the Company Warrant Consideration if and when exercised following the Acceptance Time or the Effective Time, as applicable, (iii) enlarge, alter or
change any obligation of any other party or due to Parent or Merger Sub, (iv) materially increase the risk of, or result in any incremental, withholding Taxes under applicable Tax Law with respect to the Offer Consideration or the Merger
Consideration or (v) be reasonably likely to impede or delay the consummation of the Offer (including the satisfaction of any Offer Condition), the Merger or the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Any attempt to make any such
assignment without such consent shall be null and void. Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement shall be binding upon, inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns. 

Section 10.10. Enforcement. The parties agree that money damages would be both incalculable and an insufficient remedy and that
irreparable damage would occur if any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed that each of the parties shall be entitled to specific
performance, an injunction or other equitable relief to prevent breaches or violations of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of this Agreement in any Chosen Court, this being in addition to any other remedy to which
they are entitled at law or in equity. Moreover, and in recognition of the foregoing, each of the parties hereby waives (a) any defense in any action for specific performance of this Agreement that a remedy at Law would be adequate or that a
remedy of specific performance is unenforceable, invalid, contrary to Law or inequitable for any reason and (b) any requirement under any Law for any party to post security as a prerequisite to obtaining equitable relief. Each party
acknowledges and agrees that the agreements contained in this Section 10.10 are an integral part of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and that, without these agreements, the other party would not enter into
this Agreement. 

Section 10.11. Submission to Jurisdiction. Each party irrevocably and unconditionally consents, agrees and
submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (and appropriate appellate courts therefrom) (the Chosen Courts), for the purposes of any Action with respect to the subject matter hereof
(other than the Merger Agreement, which shall be interpreted, construed, governed and enforced as set forth therein). Each party agrees to commence any Action relating hereto only in the State of Delaware, or if such Action may not be brought in
such court for reasons of subject matter jurisdiction, in the other appellate courts therefrom or other courts of the State of Delaware. Each party irrevocably and unconditionally waives any objection to the laying of venue of any Action with
respect to the subject matter hereof (other than the Merger Agreement, which shall be interpreted, construed, governed and enforced as set forth therein) in the Chosen Courts, and hereby further irrevocably and unconditionally waives and agrees not
to plead or claim in any such court that any such Action brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. Each party further irrevocably and unconditionally consents to and grants any such court jurisdiction over the Person of
such parties and, to the extent legally effective, over the subject matter of any such dispute and agrees that mailing of process or other documents in connection with any such Action in the manner provided in Section 10.2
hereof or in such other manner as may be permitted by applicable Law, shall be valid and sufficient service thereof. The parties agree that a final judgment in any such Action shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on
the judgment or in any other manner provided by applicable Law; provided, however, that nothing in the foregoing shall restrict any partys rights to seek any post-judgment relief regarding, or any appeal from, such final trial
court judgment. 

82 

Section 10.12. Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH OF THE PARTIES HEREBY WAIVES TO THE
FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY WITH RESPECT TO ANY LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, THE OFFER OR THE MERGER. EACH OF THE PARTIES HEREBY
(A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF THE OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT
IT HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT, AS APPLICABLE, BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 10.12. 

Section 10.13. Amendment. This Agreement may be amended by the parties, by action taken or authorized by their respective boards
of directors, at any time before or after receipt of the Company Shareholder Approval; provided that, after receipt of any such vote, no amendment shall be made which by Law (or the rules and regulations of the NYSE) requires approval by
stockholders of Parent or further approval by shareholders of the Company without obtaining such approval. This Agreement may not be amended except by an instrument in writing signed on behalf of each of the parties by their duly authorized
representatives. 

Section 10.14. Extension; Waiver. At any time before the Effective Time, the parties may, to the extent
legally allowed, (a) extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts of the other party, (b) waive any inaccuracies in or breach of the representations or warranties contained herein or in any document delivered
pursuant hereto or (c) waive compliance with any of the covenants, agreements or conditions contained herein. Any agreement on the part of a party to any such extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in a written instrument signed
on behalf of such party to be bound thereby. The failure of a party to assert any of its rights under this Agreement or otherwise shall not constitute a waiver of those rights. No single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege
hereunder shall preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. Any waiver shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given and shall not
constitute a waiver to any subsequent or other exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder. 

Section 10.15. No
Recourse. Notwithstanding anything that may be expressed or implied in this Agreement or any document or instrument delivered in connection herewith, by its acceptance of the benefits of this Agreement, the Company, Parent and Merger Sub
(following the execution of the joinder to this Agreement) each covenants, agrees and acknowledges that no Persons other than the parties hereto have any liabilities, obligations, commitments (whether known or unknown or whether contingent or
otherwise) hereunder, and that each party has no right of recovery under this Agreement, or any claim based on such liabilities, obligations, commitments 

83 

against, and no personal liability shall attach to, the former, current or future equity holders, controlling persons, directors, officers, employees, agents, Affiliates, members, managers or
general or limited partners of the other party or any former, current or future equity holder, controlling person, director, officer, employee, general or limited partner, member, manager, Affiliate or agent of any of the foregoing (collectively,
but not including the parties hereto, each a Non-Recourse Party), through the other party or otherwise, whether by or through attempted piercing of the corporate veil, by or through a claim
by or on behalf of the other party against any Non-Recourse Party, by the enforcement of any assessment or by any legal or equitable proceeding, by virtue of any statute, regulation or Law, or otherwise.
Without limiting the foregoing, no claim will be brought or maintained by the Company, Parent, Merger Sub (once incorporated) or any of their Affiliates or any of their respective successors or permitted assigns against any Non-Recourse Party that is not otherwise expressly identified as a party to this Agreement, and no recourse will be brought or granted against any of them, by virtue of or based upon any alleged misrepresentation or
inaccuracy in or breach or nonperformance of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements of any party set forth or contained in this Agreement, any exhibit or schedule hereto, any other document contemplated hereby or any
certificate, instrument, opinion, agreement or other document of the other party or any other Person delivered hereunder. The Non-Recourse Parties shall be express third-party beneficiaries of this
Section 10.15. For purposes of this Section 10.15, Parent and Merger Sub (once incorporated) shall be considered one party. 

Section 10.16. Financing Matters. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, (a) the Company, on behalf of
itself, its Subsidiaries and its controlled Affiliates, hereby agrees that no Debt Financing Source shall have any liability for any Action (whether in contract or in tort, in law or in equity, or granted by statute) arising under, out of, in
connection with or related in any manner to this Agreement or based on, in respect of or by reason of this Agreement or its negotiation, execution, performance or breach, or the Debt Financing, the Debt Commitment Letter, the transactions
contemplated hereby or thereby or the performance or services thereunder or the commitments of such Debt Financing Source or in respect of any oral representations made or alleged to be made in connection herewith or therewith (provided that
nothing in this Section 10.16 shall limit the liability or obligations of the Debt Financing Sources under the Debt Commitment Letter), and (b) each of the parties, on behalf of itself, its Subsidiaries and its
controlled Affiliates, (i) agrees that any Action of any kind or description (whether at law, in equity, in contract, in tort or otherwise) against any Debt Financing Source arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the Debt Financing, the
Debt Commitment Letter, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or the performance or services thereunder shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of any state or Federal court sitting in the Borough of Manhattan in the City of New
York and any appellate court thereof and each party, on behalf of itself, its Subsidiaries and its controlled Affiliates, irrevocably accepts and submits itself and its property with respect to any such legal action to the exclusive jurisdiction of
such court, (ii) agrees that no party will bring, permit any of their respective Affiliates to bring, or support anyone else in bringing, any such Action in any other court against any Debt Financing Source, (iii) agrees that any such
Action shall be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York (without giving effect to any conflicts of law principles that would result in the application of the laws of another jurisdiction), except as
otherwise provided in any Debt Financing Documents and except to the extent such Action shall require the interpretation of this Agreement, which shall be 

84 

governed by the Law of the State of Delaware, without regard to the conflict of laws provisions thereof, (iv) agrees that service of process upon any such party in any such Action shall be
effective if notice is given in accordance with Section 10.2, (v) irrevocably and unconditionally waives and agrees not to plead or claim that any such Action brought in such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum;
(vi) agrees that the waiver of rights to trial by jury set forth in Section 10.12 applies to any such claim Action involving any Debt Financing Source, (vii) agrees that no Debt Financing Sources Related Party
will have any liability to any Company Related Party (other than Parent and its Affiliates) in connection with this Agreement, the Debt Financing or any of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or the performance of any services
thereunder, whether in law or in equity, whether in contract or in tort or otherwise (provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall affect the rights of Parent against the Debt Financing Sources Related Parties with respect to
the Debt Financing or any of the transactions contemplated hereby or any services thereunder), (viii) agrees that no Debt Financing Source shall be subject to any special, consequential, punitive or indirect damages or damages of a tortious nature
in connection with this Agreement, the Debt Financing or the Debt Commitment Letter or any of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or the performance of any services thereunder, (ix) agrees that no amendment or waiver of this
Section 10.16 (or any other provision of this Agreement the amendment, modification or alteration of which has the effect of modifying such provisions) that is adverse to the Debt Financing Sources shall be effective
without the prior written consent of such Debt Financing Sources that are party to the Debt Commitment Letter and (x) agrees that the Debt Financing Sources are express and intended third party beneficiaries of this
Section 10.16. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section 10.16 shall in any way limit or modify the rights and obligations of the Company or Parent under this Agreement or any Debt
Financing Sources obligations to Parent or any of its Affiliates under the Debt Commitment Letter or any Debt Financing Document (it being understood that following consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, nothing in this
Section 10.16 shall limit the rights of any of the parties to any Debt Financing Document). This Section 10.16 shall, with respect to the matters referenced herein, supersede any provision of this
Agreement to the contrary. 

Section 10.17. Defined Terms. For purposes of this Agreement, each of the following terms shall
have the meaning set forth below. 

Absence of Legal Constraint Condition has the meaning specified in Annex C.

Acceptance Time shall have the meaning specified in Section 1.1(d). 

Action has the meaning specified in Section 4.6. 

Affiliate means any other Person which, directly or indirectly, controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control
with, such Person. As used in this Agreement, control (including, with its correlative meanings, controlled by and under common control with) means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or
cause the direction of management or policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of securities or partnership or other ownership interests, by contract or otherwise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, other than for purposes of
Section 10.15 and the definition of Company Related Party, Silver Lake Technology Management, L.L.C., Silver Lake Group, L.L.C. and their affiliated investment managers and any affiliated investment funds or
investment vehicles affiliated with, or managed or advised by, the foregoing and any portfolio companies or investment of any such investments funds or vehicles, shall not be deemed to be Affiliates of the Company or its Subsidiaries, and vice
versa. 

85 

Agreement has the meaning specified in the Introduction. 

Anti-Corruption Laws has the meaning specified in Section 4.24(a). 

Applicable Jurisdictions means those jurisdictions identified on Section 10.17(a) of the Company
Disclosure Letter. 

Board Modification means the election by the shareholders of the Company of the individuals
designated by Parent to the board of directors of the Company pursuant to Section 4.10. 

Book-Entry
Share shall mean evidence of uncertificated shares of Company Common Shares represented by book-entry. 

Burdensome
Effect has the meaning specified in Section 7.3(c). 

Business Day means any date
other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which banking institutions in New York, New York or the canton of Zurich, Switzerland are obligated by Law or executive order to be closed. 

Cantonal Tax Administration means the competent cantonal tax administration in the canton of Zurich with address at
Bndliweg 21, 8090 Zurich, Switzerland. 

Cantonal Tax Ruling means a written confirmation of the Cantonal Tax
Administration of the advance tax ruling request filed by or on behalf of Merger Sub, notably confirming that the execution of the Transaction Agreement and the transactions contemplated therein are not subject to Swiss corporate income tax at the
level of Merger Sub. 

Capitalization Date has the meaning specified in Section 4.2(a). 

Certificate of Merger has the meaning specified in Section 2.1. 

Chosen Courts has the meaning specified in Section 10.11. 

Closing has the meaning specified in Section 2.2. 

Closing Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.2. 

Code means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

Commercial Register has the meaning specified in Section 2.1. 

Common Share Offer Consideration has the meaning specified in Section 1.1(a). 

Common Shares Consideration means $7.50. 

Company has the meaning specified in the Introduction. 

86 

Company Acceptable Confidentiality Agreement has the meaning specified in
Section 7.4(c). 

Company Benefit Plan means only those Compensation and Benefit Plans
maintained by, sponsored in whole or in part by, or contributed to by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (other than any statutory plan, program or arrangement that is required under applicable Law and solely maintained by a Governmental
Entity). 

Company Board has the meaning specified in the Recitals. 

Company Certificate shall mean any certificates registered in the name of such shareholder and representing outstanding
Company Shares. 

Company Common Shares means the Registered Ordinary Shares, nominal value CHF 0.01 per share, of the
Company. 

Company Current Insurance shall have the meaning specified in Section 7.6(c). 

Company Disclosure Letter has the meaning specified in Article IV. 

Company Indemnified Parties has the meaning specified in Section 7.6(a). 

Company JV Agreements means the agreements specified on Section 10.17(b) of the Company
Disclosure Letter. 

Company Lease has the meaning specified in Section 4.16(a). 

Company Leased Real Property has the meaning specified in Section 4.16(a). 

Company Material Adverse Effect means any effect, change, fact, circumstance, event, condition, occurrence or development
(each, an Effect) that, individually or in the aggregate, has had or would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations or financial condition or operations of the Company and its
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; provided that, no such Effects resulting or arising from or in connection with any of the following matters shall be deemed to constitute or shall be taken into account when determining whether a Company
Material Adverse Effect exists or has occurred (except, with respect to the case of clauses (i), (ii), (iv), (v) and (vi) below, to the extent that any such Effect has a disproportionate and adverse effect on the Company and its Subsidiaries,
taken as a whole, relative to other Persons operating in the same industry or sector in which the Company and its Subsidiaries operate, then only the incremental disproportionate adverse effect of such Effect shall be taken into account for the
purposes of determining whether a Company Material Adverse Effect exists or has occurred): 

(i) any change in applicable
Law, GAAP, IFRS, applicable accounting standards or any change or developments in the interpretation or enforcement thereof by Governmental Entities after the date hereof, 

87 

(ii) any change in economic, political, business, financial, commodity,
currency or market conditions, including currency exchange rates and interest rates, 

(iii) the announcement or the
execution and delivery of this Agreement (including the identity of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries), or the pendency or consummation of the Offer and the Merger or the performance of this Agreement, including (x) the impact thereof on
relationships, contractual or otherwise, with customers, vendors, licensors, partners, providers and employees or (y) any actions or claims made or brought by any of the current or former shareholders of the Company (or on their behalf or on
behalf of the Company) against the Company or any of its directors, officers or employees, in each case, due to the announcement or the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Offer and the
Merger provided, however, that this clause (iii) shall not apply to the representations and warranties in Section 4.3(c) or Section 4.12(e) (or the related condition to
consummation of the Offer in clause (v) of Annex C), 

(iv) any changes or developments in the business or
regulatory conditions or trends affecting any of the industries or geographic markets in which the Company and its Subsidiaries operates, 

(v) any earthquake, hurricane, volcanic eruption, tsunami, tornado, flood, mudslide, wildfire or other natural disaster,
pandemic (including COVID-19), weather conditions, act of God or other comparable force majeure event, 

(vi) any national or international political or social conditions in countries in which the Company operates or from or to
which its customers travel, including the engagement in hostilities or the escalation thereof, whether or not pursuant to the declaration of a national emergency, war or cyberattack, 

(vii) any action taken or omitted to be taken by the Company at the written request of Parent or that is expressly permitted or
required by this Agreement, or the failure of the Company to take any action that the Company is prohibited by the terms of this Agreement from taking or which the Company did not take on account of withheld consent from Parent (if the Company has
timely requested a consent or waiver from Parent), 

(viii) a decline in the trading price or trading volume of the Company
Common Shares or any change in the ratings or ratings outlook for the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (provided that the underlying causes thereof, to the extent not otherwise excluded by this definition, may be deemed to contribute to a Company
Material Adverse Effect), or 

(ix) any failure, taken as a whole, to meet any projections, forecasts or budgets (provided
that the underlying causes thereof, to the extent not otherwise excluded by this definition, may be deemed to contribute to a Material Adverse Effect). 

Company Material Contract has the meaning specified in Section 4.11(a). 

88 

Company Owned Intellectual Property means all Intellectual Property owned
or purported to be owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. 

Company Recommendation has the meaning specified
in Section 4.9. 

Company Recommendation Change has the meaning specified in
Section 7.4(d). 

Company Related Parties has the meaning specified in
Section 9.2(e). 

Company Restricted Share Award means each award of restricted Company Common
Shares granted by the Company under a Company Share Plan that is subject to vesting, forfeiture or repurchase by the Company. 

Company SEC Reports has the meaning specified in Section 4.4(a). 

Company Series A Shares means the Registered Series A Convertible Preferred Shares, nominal value CHF 0.01 per share, of
the Company. 

Company Series B Shares means the Registered Series B Convertible Preferred Shares, nominal value CHF
0.01 per share, of the Company. 

Company Share Option means each option to purchase Company Common Shares granted by
the Company under a Company Share Plan. 

Company Share Plans means the Companys Management Incentive Plan
(Options) and the Companys Management Incentive Plan (RSAs), in each case, as amended and/or restated from time to time. 

Company Shareholder Approval has the meaning specified in Section 7.1(b). 

Company Shareholder Materials means any materials the Company may provide to the shareholders of the Company along with
such notice, in connection with the solicitation of the Required Company Vote. 

Company Shareholder Meeting has the
meaning specified in Section 7.1(b). 

Company Shares means the Company Common Shares, the
Company Series A Shares and the Company Series B Shares. 

Company Software means all software owned or purported to be
owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. 

Company Superior Proposal means a bona fide unsolicited
Company Takeover Proposal (with all references to 20% or more in the definition of Company Takeover Proposal being deemed to be references to more than 50%), that did not result from a material breach of
Section 7.4 and made in writing that is on terms that the Company Board determines in good faith (after consulting with its financial advisor and outside legal counsel), taking into account all relevant circumstances
(including timing, likelihood of consummation and other aspects of such Company Takeover Proposal), to be in the interest of the Company and is more favorable to the Companys interest (and its shareholders) from a financial point of view than
the Offer and the other transactions contemplated hereby. 

89 

Company Systems has the meaning specified in
Section 4.15(a). 

Company Takeover Proposal means with respect to the Company any proposal,
indication of interest or offer from any Person or group (other than Parent or any of its Subsidiaries) relating to, in a single transaction or series of related transactions, whether through (a) a merger, share exchange, consolidation,
amalgamation, business combination, recapitalization, dissolution, liquidation or similar transaction involving the Company, (b) the direct or indirect acquisition of more than 20% of the assets or business (whether based on the revenue or net
income) of the Company and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis (in each case, including securities of the Subsidiaries of the Company), (c) the direct or indirect acquisition of more than 20% (whether by voting power or number of shares) of
the Company Shares, or (d) recapitalization, tender offer (including a self-tender offer) or exchange offer that if consummated would result in any Person or group beneficially owning more than 20% (whether by voting power or number of shares)
of the Company Shares. 

Company Termination Fee means an amount equal to $40,000,000, as reimbursement of costs
incurred. 

Company Transaction Approvals has the meaning specified in Section 4.3(c). 

Company Warrant means any warrant governed by the terms and conditions of the Warrant Agreement. 

Company Warrant Consideration means the consideration set forth in Section 4.4 of the Warrant
Agreement. 

Compensation and Benefit Plan means (a) any employee benefit plan (as defined in
Section 3(3) of ERISA), whether or not subject to ERISA, (b) any other pension, retirement, superannuation, profit-sharing, savings, bonus, commission, incentive, equity or equity-based compensation, phantom stock, deferred compensation,
stock purchase, separation, severance pay, redundancy, termination indemnities, retention, change of control, transaction bonus, gratuity, jubilee, medical, dental, vision, hospitalization, disability, sick leave,
ill-health, life assurance, death benefit, vacation or holiday pay, paid time off, salary continuation, welfare benefit, post-termination welfare, prescription life insurance, employee loan, employee
assistance, relocation or expatriate benefits or fringe benefit, plan, policy, program, agreement, scheme or arrangement, and (c) any employment agreement, individual consulting agreement, individual independent contractor agreement and/or
similar agreement for services with any other individual service provider. 

Confidentiality Agreement means the
Confidentiality Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2024, between Parent and the Company. 

Continuing Employees has
the meaning specified in Section 7.8(a). 

90 

Contract means any legally binding contract, note, bond, mortgage,
indenture, agreement, lease, license or other similar arrangement. 

Cost Reimbursement Agreement has the meaning
specified in Section 7.5. 

Data Partners has the meaning specified in
Section 4.15. 

Debt Commitment Letter means the debt commitment letter(s) relating to the
Debt Financing executed by the Debt Financing Sources party thereto dated February 16, 2025 (together with any annexes, exhibits, and schedules thereto), as the same may be amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise
modified from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof, including with respect to any Alternative Financing. 

Debt
Financing means the debt financing committed by the Debt Financing Sources party to the Debt Commitment Letter or any engagement letter related thereto, including any best efforts offering or private placements of securities,
syndicated or privately placed term loans or other best efforts debt or equity offering or issuance. 

Debt Financing
Documents means the agreements, documents and certificates contemplated by the Debt Financing, including (a) all credit agreements, and security agreements, and guarantee agreements, and all note purchase agreements, indentures, and
notes, relating to the Debt Financing, (b) all officer, secretary, solvency and perfection certificates, and legal opinions to be provided in connection with the Debt Financing and (c) agreements, documents or certificates relating to the
creation, perfection or enforcement of liens securing the Debt Financing, including control agreements, access letters and similar arrangements, surveys and title insurance with respect to real property, and intellectual property security
agreements. 

Debt Financing Sources means, collectively, each Person that has committed to provide or arrange all or
any part of the Debt Financing (including each Person party to the Debt Commitment Letter, to any joinder agreements, credit agreements or other Debt Financing Documents relating thereto, but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, Parent and its
Affiliates), in each case, together with each Affiliate thereof and each officer, director, employee, partner, controlling person, advisor, attorney, agent and representative of each such Person or Affiliate and their respective successors and
assigns. 

Debt Materials has the meaning specified in Section 7.13(a)(iv). 

Designated Representative means SL Globetrotter, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership. 

Disclosure Letters has the meaning specified in Section 10.4. 

Effective Time has the meaning specified in Section 2.1. 

Emergency has the meaning specified in Section 6.1. 

End Date has the meaning specified in Section 9.1(d). 

91 

Enforcement Expenses has the meaning specified in
Section 9.2(b). 

Environmental Law means any Law concerning pollution or protection of human
or worker health (to the extent relating to exposure to Hazardous Materials) or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, ground water, land surface or subsurface strata) that is in effect as of the Closing Date, including any such Law
relating to emissions, discharges, Releases or threatened Releases of Hazardous Materials or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials. 

ERISA means the United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. 

Exchange Act means the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

Excluded Information has the meaning specified in Section 7.13(b). 

Executive Managers means the individuals listed in Section 10.17(c) of the Company Disclosure
Letter. 

Existing Finance Documents means (a) that certain Senior Facilities Agreement, dated as of
November 24, 2023, by and among Global Blue Acquisition B.V., the guarantors party thereto, J.P. Morgan SE, Alter Domus Trustee (UK) Limited as Security Agent and the other parties from time to time party thereto, as amended from time to time,
including pursuant to that certain Additional Facility Notice, dated May 3, 2024 and November 29, 2024, by and among Global Blue Acquisition B.V., J.P. Morgan SE as Facility Agent, Alter Domus Trustee (UK) Limited, and as further amended
by that Consent and Amendment Letters, dated as of April 29, 2024 and November 25, 2024, by and among Global Blue Acquisition B.V. and J.P. Morgan SE as Facility Agent (the Senior Facilities Agreement), (b) that certain
Intercreditor Agreement (as defined in the Senior Facilities Agreement), (c) each Transaction Security Document (as defined in the Senior Facilities Agreement) and (d) a 1992 ISDA Master Agreement, dated August 2, 2012, between Royal Bank
of Canada (RBC) and GB Acquisition, a Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement, dated August 2, 2012, between RBC and GB Acquisition, an Interest Rate Swap Transaction Confirmation, dated December 21, 2023, and an Interest
Rate Cap Transaction Confirmation, dated December 5, 2024. 

Expenses means all documented out-of-pocket expenses (including all fees and expenses of counsel, accountants, investment bankers, experts and consultants to a party and its Affiliates, as well as any
management incentive payments) actually and reasonably incurred by a party or on its behalf in connection with or related to the authorization, preparation, negotiation, execution and performance of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby, including the preparation and filing of all notifications and reports required by the Transaction Approvals, the preparation, printing, filing and mailing, as the case may be, of the Company Shareholder Materials and any amendments or
supplements thereto, and the solicitation of the Required Company Vote and all other matters related to the transactions contemplated hereby. 

Expiration Date has the meaning specified in Section 1.1(b). 

92 

Founder means Jared Isaacman. 

GAAP means United States generally accepted accounting principles. 

Global Blue EBT means the Global Blue Equity Plan Employee Trust established by a trust deed between Globetrotter
Management & Co S.C.A and Estera Trust (Jersey) Limited (formerly Appleby Trust (Jersey) Limited) dated 27 July 2012. 

Governmental Entity means any nation or government (foreign or domestic); any state, province, territory, county,
municipality, district, institution, agency, commission, official, instrumentality, or other political subdivision thereof, any insurance or other regulatory authority, self-regulatory authority, or other quasi-governmental regulatory body, or any
entity (including a court, administrative agency, commission, arbitration panel, arbiter or other tribunal) of competent jurisdiction properly exercising executive, legislative, judicial or administration functions of the government. 

Government Official means: (a) any full- or part-time officer or employee of any Government Entity, whether elected or
appointed, (b) any person acting in an official capacity or exercising a public function for or on behalf of any Governmental Entity, or (c) any political parties, political party officials, or candidates for political office. 

Hazardous Materials shall mean (a) any substance defined as a pollutant, contaminant,
hazardous substance, hazardous waste, toxic substance, or solid waste, or as hazardous or toxic, or that is otherwise regulated due to its dangerous or deleterious properties or
characteristics, under any applicable Environmental Law and (b) any petroleum, petroleum products, petroleum breakdown products, petroleum byproducts, pesticides, polychlorinated biphenyl, per- or
polyfluoroalkyl substances, lead, lead-based paint, asbestos, asbestos-containing materials or radioactive materials. 

IFRS means International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. 

Intellectual Property means all intellectual property rights throughout the world, including (a) copyrights, mask
works and designs, and other intellectual property rights in works of authorship, (b) trade secrets and other intellectual property rights in confidential or proprietary information and know-how
(Trade Secrets), (c) patents, and patent applications, whether published or unpublished (including provisional, national, regional and international applications, as well as continuation, continuation-in-part, divisional, continued prosecution applications, reissues, and re-examination applications), (d) trademarks, service marks, logos, trade dress,
trade names, Internet domain names and other identifiers of source or origin, and (e) all registrations and applications for the registration or issuance of any of the foregoing. 

Intervening Event has the meaning specified in Section 7.4(e). 

IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service. 

93 

Knowledge means the actual knowledge of the officers of Parent set forth
in Section 10.17(d) of the Parent Disclosure Letter or the officers of the Company set forth in Section 10.17(d) of the Company Disclosure Letter, as the case may be. 

Labor Organization has the meaning specified in Section 4.13(a). 

Law means any and all domestic (federal, state or local) or national, supranational or foreign law, legislation, statute,
ordinance, arbitration award, or any rule, regulation, judgment, order, writ, injunction, decree, consent order, agency requirement, published interpretation or other requirement promulgated, issued, entered into or applied by any Governmental
Entity. 

Material Customer has the meaning specified in Section 4.23. 

Material Supplier has the meaning specified in Section 4.23. 

Merger has the meaning specified in the Recitals. 

Merger Agreement has the meaning specified in the Recitals. 

Merger Audit Report has the meaning specified in Section 1.4(a). 

Merger Balance Sheet has the meaning specified in Section 1.4(a). 

Merger Consideration has the meaning specified in Section 3.1(a). 

Merger Employee Consultation has the meaning specified in Section 1.4(a). 

Merger Report has the meaning specified in Section 1.4(a). 

Merger Right of Inspection has the meaning specified in Section 1.4(b). 

Merger Sub has the meaning specified in the Recitals. 

Merger Sub Board has the meaning specified in the Recitals. 

Merger Sub Vote has the meaning specified in Section 5.2(a). 

Minimum Condition has the meaning specified in Section 1.1(b). 

New Holdco has the meaning specified in Section 7.19(g). 

Non-Recourse Party has the meaning specified in
Section 10.15. 

Notice of Company Recommendation Change has the meaning specified in
Section 7.4(e). 

Notice of Superior Proposal has the meaning specified in
Section 7.4(e). 

NYSE means the New York Stock Exchange. 

94 

OFAC means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of
the Treasury. 

Offer has the meaning specified in the Recitals. 

Offer Conditions has the meaning specified in Section 1.1(b). 

Offer Consideration means, collectively, the Common Share Offer Consideration, Series A Offer Consideration and Series B
Offer Consideration payable upon settlement of the Offer. 

Offer Documents has the meaning specified in
Section 1.1(f). 

Open Source Software means any software licensed, provided or distributed
under any open-source or similar license, including any license meeting the Open Source Definition (as promulgated by the Open Source Initiative) or the Free Software Definition (as promulgated by the Free Software Foundation) (including the GNU
Affero General Public License (AGPL), GNU General Public License (GPL), GNU Lesser General Public License (LGPL), Mozilla Public License (MPL), BSD licenses, the Artistic License, the Netscape Public License, the Sun Community source license (SCSL),
the Sun Industry standards License (SISL), and the Apache License (ASL)). 

Option Consideration has the meaning
specified in Section 3.3(a). 

Order means an order, writ, injunction, decree, ruling,
judgment or stipulation issued, promulgated or entered into by or with any Governmental Entity. 

Other Company Filings
has the meaning specified in Section 7.1(a). 

Other Parent Filings has the meaning specified
in Section 7.1(a). 

Parent has the meaning specified in the Introduction. 

Parent Board has the meaning specified in the Recitals. 

Parent Class A Stock means each share of Class A common stock of Parent, $0.0001 par value per
share. 

Parent Disclosure Letter has the meaning specified in Article V. 

Parent Material Adverse Effect means any Effect that, individually or in the aggregate, has or would reasonably be expected
to have a material adverse effect on, or prevent or materially delay, in each case, the ability of Parent or Merger Sub to consummate the Offer, the Merger or the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

Parent Related Parties has the meaning specified in Section 9.2(e). 

Parent RSU has the meaning specified in Section 3.3(d). 

95 

Parent Stockholder Consent has the meaning specified in the Recitals.

Parent Stockholders Agreement has the meaning specified in Section 5.1(b). 

Parent Transaction Approvals has the meaning specified in Section 5.2(b). 

Paying Agent has the meaning specified in Section 3.2(a). 

Payment Fund has the meaning specified in Section 3.2(a). 

Payoff Amount means the amount (including all ancillary amounts, costs, fees,
pre-payment penalties, premia, escrow charges and accrued interest and break costs, if any) required to be paid under the Existing Finance Documents to the relevant finance parties in order to discharge, repay
and/or prepay the amounts due under the Existing Finance Documents in full on the Acceptance Time or the Closing Date, as applicable. 

Permits means permits, certifications, registrations, permissions, consents, franchises, concessions, licenses, variances,
exemptions, waivers, orders, approvals and authorizations of all Governmental Entities necessary for the ownership, leasing and operation of the assets, properties and rights and conduct of the business of a party or its Subsidiaries (including any
payment services licenses or permissions from relevant regulatory authorities) in each of the jurisdictions in which it or its Subsidiaries currently conduct or operate its business or own, lease and operate its assets and properties. 

Permitted Encumbrance means (a) statutory liens securing payments not yet due or the amount or validity of which is
being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which appropriate reserves have been established in accordance with IFRS, (b) such imperfections or irregularities of title, claims, liens, charges, conditions, real-property
licenses, servitudes, security interests or encumbrances as do not have a Company Material Adverse Effect, (c) restrictions on transfer imposed by Law arising in the ordinary course of business for amounts not yet delinquent,
(d) ordinary-course securities lending and short-sale transactions with a recognized creditworthy counterpart, (e) with respect to a party, the liens, encumbrances and restrictions set forth in
Section 10.17(e) of the Company Disclosure Letter, (f) statutory deposits arising in the ordinary course of business, (g) pledges or deposits in the ordinary course of business in connection with
workers compensation, unemployment insurance or other social security legislation, (h) any liens for Taxes or other governmental charges not yet due and payable or the amount or validity of which is being contested in good faith by
appropriate proceedings and for which appropriate reserves have been established in accordance with IFRS, (i) non-exclusive licenses to Intellectual Property, (j) liens in favor of the lessors under the Company Leases or encumbering the
interests of the lessors in such Company Leased Real Property that do not, individually or in the aggregate, impair the current occupancy, marketability or use of such Company Leased Real Property or the operation of the business of the Company and
its Subsidiaries, (k) zoning, entitlement, building and other land use regulations or ordinances imposed by any Governmental Entity having jurisdiction over any real property which are not violated by the current use and operation of the
Company Leased Real Property or the operation of the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, or (l) any liens or pledges under the Existing Finance Documents that will be terminated at or prior to the Acceptance Time (and for which the
Company provides Payoff Letters and related Payoff Documentation to Parent that are consistent with those described in Section 7.16, within the timeframe described in Section 7.16). 

96 

Person means an individual, a company, a corporation, a limited liability
company, a partnership, an association, a trust or any other entity or organization, including a government or political subdivision or any agency or instrumentality thereof. 

Personal Data means information in any form that relates to or identifies, or is reasonably capable of identifying, a
natural Person, device or household and/or has the same meaning as the term personal data, personal information, personally identifiable information, protected health information or any similar terms
under applicable Privacy Laws. 

Privacy Laws means all Laws, and binding industry or self-regulatory standards, rules
and guidelines, in each case as amended, consolidated, re-enacted or replaced from time to time, relating to privacy, data security, the Processing of Personal Data, data breach notification, website and
mobile application privacy policies and practices, consumer protection, the Processing and security of payment card information (including the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard and other applicable card association rules), and the
tracking or monitoring of online activity, and email, text message, or telephone communications. 

Privacy Requirements
means applicable (i) Privacy Laws; and (ii) contractual requirements and public or posted policies relating to privacy, data protection, and the Processing, collection and use of Personal Data. 

Process, Processed or Processing means any operation or set of operations which is
performed on information, including Personal Data, such as the use, collection, processing, storage, recording, organization, adaption, alteration, transfer, retrieval, consultation, disclosure, dissemination, combination or disposal of such
information, and/or is considered processing by any applicable Privacy Laws. 

Prohibited Changes has the
meaning specified in Section 7.14(d). 

Registered IP has the meaning specified in
Section 4.14(a). 

Registrar has the meaning specified in
Section 1.3(a). 

Regulatory Condition has the meaning specified in Annex C. 

Release means any spilling, leaking, pumping, pouring, emitting, emptying, discharging, injecting, escaping, dumping,
leaching or disposing into the environment. 

Remedy has the meaning specified in
Section 7.3(c). 

Representatives means the directors, officers, employees or controlled
Affiliates or any advisors, attorneys, accountants, consultants or other representatives (acting in such capacity) retained by such party or any of its controlled Affiliates. 

Required Amount has the meaning specified in Section 5.9(a). 

97 

Required Approval means the approvals and jurisdictions listed in
Section 10.17(f) of the Company Disclosure Letter. 

Required Company Vote has the meaning
specified in Section 4.10. 

Sanctioned Country means, at any time, a country or territory
that is itself the target of comprehensive Sanctions (as of the date of this Agreement, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, the Crimea region of Ukraine, the so-called Donetsk Peoples Republic, and the so-called Luhansk Peoples Republic). 

Sanctioned Person means any Person that
is the target of Sanctions, including (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by OFAC or the U.S. Department of State, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any Member State of the
European Union, or the United Kingdom; (b) any Person located, organized, or resident in a Sanctioned Country; (c) the government of a Sanctioned Country or the Government of Venezuela; or (d) any Person 50% or more owned or, where
relevant under applicable Sanctions, controlled by any such Person or Persons or acting for or on behalf of such Person or Persons. 

Sanctions means economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by
(a) the U.S. government, including those administered by OFAC or the U.S. Department of State, or (b) the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European Union Member State or the United Kingdom. 

Schedule 14D-9 has the meaning specified in
Section 1.2(a). 

Schedule TO has the meaning specified in
Section 1.1(f). 

SEC means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Securities Act means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Security Incident means any (a) unlawful or unauthorized access, exfiltration, disclosure, alteration, destruction,
encryption, compromise, or other Processing of Personal Data and/or confidential information of the Company; (b) unlawful or unauthorized access to Personal Data or confidential data (whether in a single occurrence or series of related
occurrences) on or conducted through the Company Systems that jeopardizes the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of the Company Systems or any Personal Data and/or confidential information stored therein; or (c) occurrence that
constitutes a data breach, security breach, personal data breach, security incident, cybersecurity incident, or any similar term under any applicable Law. 

Series A Consideration means $10.00. 

Series A Offer Consideration has the meaning specified in Section 1.1(a). 

Series B Consideration means $11.81. 

Series B Offer Consideration has the meaning specified in Section 1.1(a). 

98 

SFTA Tax Ruling means a written confirmation of the Swiss Federal Tax
Administration of the advance tax ruling request filed by or on behalf of the Company confirming (i) that the execution of the Transaction Agreement and transaction steps contemplated therein do not result in issuance stamp tax
(Emissionsabgabe) being due, (ii) that the transaction structure does not result in Swiss withholding tax being triggered or imposed on the Company or Merger Sub as a result of or in connection with the Merger pursuant to the liquidation
by proxy doctrine (stellvertretende Liquidation) (the written confirmation pursuant to this (ii), the Required SFTA Tax Ruling) and (iii) treaty entitlement resulting in an exemption at source with respect to Swiss
dividend withholding tax. 

Share Repurchase Program has the meaning specified in
Section 6.1(a). 

Shareholders Agreement means that certain Shareholders Agreement, dated as
of January 16, 2020 by and among GB Holding and the other parties thereto. 

Specified Parent Stockholder has the
meaning specified in the Recitals. 

Specified Shareholder has the meaning specified in the Recitals. 

Specified Shareholders Support Agreement has the meaning specified in the Recitals. 

Squeeze-Out Merger means a statutory merger pursuant to which the Company shall be
merged with and into Merger Sub in accordance with Article 8 (2) Swiss Merger Act. 

Subsequent Company Meeting Notice
has the meaning specified in Section 1.4(d). 

Subsequent Company Shareholder Approval has the
meaning specified in Section 4.10. 

Subsequent Company Shareholder Meeting has the meaning
specified in Section 1.4(d). 

Subsequent Merger Sub Quota Holder Meeting has the meaning
specified in Section 1.4(d). 

Subsidiary means, as to any Person, any corporation,
partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, trust, estate or other Person of which (or in which), directly or indirectly, more than 50% of (a) the issued and outstanding capital stock having ordinary voting power to elect a majority
of the board of (managing) directors of such corporation (irrespective of whether at the time capital stock of any other class or classes of such corporation shall or might have voting power upon the occurrence of any contingency), (b) the interest
in the capital or profits of such partnership, joint venture or limited liability company or other Person or (c) the beneficial interest in such trust or estate, is at the time owned by such first Person, or by such first Person and one or more
of its other Subsidiaries or by one or more of such Persons other Subsidiaries. 

Surviving Company has the
meaning specified in Section 2.3. 

Swiss Code of Obligations means the Swiss Code of
Obligations as of March 30, 1911, as amended (SR 220). 

99 

Swiss Federal Tax Administration means the Swiss federal tax
administration (Eidgenssische Steuerverwaltung), with address at Eigerstrasse 65, 3003 Bern, Switzerland. 

Swiss Federal Withholding Tax Act means (i) the Swiss Federal Act on the Withholding Tax (Bundesgesetz ber
die Verrechnungssteuer) of October 13, 1965 (SR 642.21) and (ii) the Swiss Federal Ordinance on the Withholding Tax (Verordnung ber die Verrechnungssteuer) of December 19, 1966 (SR 642.211), each as amended. 

Swiss Merger Act means the Swiss Federal Act on Merger, Demerger, Transformation and Transfer of Assets of October 3,
2003, as amended (SR 221.301). 

Swiss Tax Rulings means the Cantonal Tax Ruling and the SFTA Tax Ruling. 

Takeover Law means any moratorium, control share acquisition, fair price,
supermajority, affiliate transactions, or business combination statute or regulation or other similar anti-takeover Laws and regulations under any jurisdiction. 

Tax means (a) all federal, state, county, local or other taxes, charges, fees, imposts, levies or other assessments
imposed by any Taxing Authority, including all income, gross receipts, capital, sales, use, ad valorem, value added, transfer, recording, franchise, profits, inventory, share capital, license, withholding, payroll, employment, social security,
unemployment, excise, premium, severance, stamp, documentary, occupation, windfall profits, disability, highway use, alternative or add-on minimum, property and estimated taxes, customs duties, assessments and
charges of any kind whatsoever, (b) all interest, penalties, fines, surcharges, additions to tax or additional amounts imposed in connection with any item described in clause (a) above. 

Tax Return means any return, report or statement filed or required to be filed with respect to any Tax (including any
elections, notifications, declarations, schedules or attachments thereto, and any amendment thereof) including any information return, claim for refund, amended return or declaration of estimated Tax, and including, where permitted or required,
combined, consolidated or unitary returns for any group of entities that includes the Company, Parent or any Subsidiaries thereof. 

Taxing Authority means any Governmental Entity responsible for the administration of any Tax. 

Trade Controls means (a) all applicable trade, export control, import, and antiboycott laws and regulations imposed,
administered, or enforced by the U.S. government, including the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 1778), the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 17011706), Section 999 of the Internal Revenue Code,
the U.S. customs laws at Title 19 of the U.S. Code, the Export Control Reform Act of 2018 (50 U.S.C. 4801-4861), the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (22 C.F.R. Parts 120130), the Export Administration Regulations (15
C.F.R. Parts 730-774), the U.S. customs regulations at 19 C.F.R. Chapter 1, and the Foreign Trade Regulations (15 C.F.R. Part 30); and (b) all applicable trade, export control, import, and antiboycott
laws and regulations imposed, administered or enforced by any other country, except to the extent inconsistent with U.S. Law. 

100 

Trade Secrets has the meaning specified in the definition of Intellectual
Property. 

Transaction Approvals has the meaning specified in Section 5.2(c). 

TUPE means the U.K. Transfer of Undertakings (Protection of Employment) Regulations 1981 or 2006, as amended. 

Unvested Restricted Share Award has the meaning specified in Section 3.3(d). 

Unvested Restricted Share Award Consideration has the meaning specified in Section 3.3(d). 

Vested Restricted Share Award has the meaning specified in Section 3.3(c). 

Vested Restricted Share Award Consideration has the meaning specified in Section 3.3(c). 

Warrant Agreement means the Warrant Agreement between Far Point Acquisition Corporation and Continental Stock
Transfer & Trust Company, dated as of June 11, 2018, as amended by the Warrant Assumption Agreement among Far Point Acquisition Corporation, Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and the Company, dated as of
August 28, 2020. 

Willful Breach means with respect to any breach or failure to perform any of the covenants or
other agreements contained in this Agreement, a material breach that is a consequence of an act or failure to act undertaken by the breaching party with the actual knowledge that such partys act or failure to act would, or would reasonably be
expected to, result in or constitute a breach of this Agreement, regardless of whether the breach was the intent of such act or failure to act. 

ZZ Global Blue Holding Limited MIP means the ZZ Global Blue Holding Limited Management Incentive Plan: Options adopted by
ZZ Global Blue Holdings Limited. 

[Remainder of this page intentionally left blank] 

101 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be signed by their respective
officers thereunto duly authorized, all as of the date first set forth above. 

GLOBAL BLUE GROUP HOLDING AG

By: /s/ Jacques Stern

Name: Jacques Stern

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to Transaction Agreement] 

SHIFT4 PAYMENTS, INC.

By: /s/ Taylor Lauber

Name: Taylor Lauber

Title: President

[Signature Page to Transaction Agreement] 

ANNEX A 

Merger Agreement 

AGREED
FORM

FUSIONSVERTRAG1

MERGER AGREEMENT 

zwischen

between 

Global Blue Group Holding AG,
Zrichstrasse 38, 8306 Brttisellen 

(die BERTRAGENDE GESELLSCHAFT) 

(the Transferring Company)

und

and

[Party], [Address] 

(die BERNEHMENDE
GESELLSCHAFT) 

(the Surviving Company)

und

and

Shift4 Payments, Inc., 3501 Corporate Parkway, Center Valley, PA 18034 

(die S PAYMENTS) 

(the
Parent)

(die BERTRAGENDE GESELLSCHAFT, die BERNEHMENDE GESELLSCHAFT und die S PAYMENTS je eine
PARTEI, und zusammen die PARTEIEN) 

(the Transferring Company, the Surviving Company and the Parent each
a Party, and together the Parties)

betreffend 

regarding 

Fusion 

Merger

1 

Note to Draft: Draft Agreement needs to be pre-cleared with the
Commercial Register after signing of the Transaction Agreement and remains subject to comments and/or changes requested by the Commercial Register. 

A-1 

Inhaltsverzeichnis / Contents

Ziffer / Clause Seite / Page 

PRAMBEL / RECITALS A-4 

1. 

ZUSAMMENSCHLUSS / COMBINATION A-6 

2. 

DURCHFHRUNG DES ZUSAMMENSCHLUSSES / IMPLEMENTATION OF
COMBINATION A-6 

2.1. Fusion / Merger A-6 

2.2. Fusionsbilanz / Merger Balance Sheet A-7 

2.3. Fusionsstichtag / Effective Date of Merger A-7 

2.4. Fusionsbericht / Merger Report A-7 

2.5. Prfungsbericht / Auditor Report A-7 

2.6. Besondere Vorteile / Special Advantages A-8 

2.7. [Keine Sonderrechte], Anteile ohne Stimmrecht, Genussscheine / [No Special Rights], Equity Interests Without Voting Rights, Profit-Sharing Certificates A-8 

2.8. Keine Gesellschafter mit Unbeschrankter Haftung / No Shareholders or Quotaholders With Unlimited Liability A-8 

2.9. Keine Kapitalerhhung / No Capital Increase A-9 

2.10. Geschftsfhrung / Management Board A-9 

2.11. Statuten und Firma / Articles of Association and Company Name A-9 

3. 

ABFINDUNG / COMPENSATION A-9 

3.1. Zusammensetzung der Abfindung / Composition of Compensation A-9 

3.2. Lieferung der Abfindung / Delivery of Compensation A-10 

3.3. Eigene Aktien / Treasury Shares A-11 

4. 

GESELLSCHAFTSRECHTLICHE GENEHMIGUNGEN / CORPORATE APPROVALS A-11 

4.1. Generalversammlung der BERTRAGENDEN GESELLSCHAFT / Shareholders Meeting of the Transferring Company A-11 

4.2. Zustimmung der Gesellschafterin der BERNEHMENDEN GESELLSCHAFT / Approval of the Quotaholder of the Surviving Company A-11 

4.3. Keine Sonderversammlungen / No Special Meetings A-12 

5. 

BEDINGUNGEN FR DEN VOLLZUG DER FUSION / CONDITIONS TO THE CONSUMMATION OF THE
MERGER A-12 

6. 

BEENDIGUNG / TERMINATION A-13 

7. 

DURCHFHRUNG DER FUSION / IMPLEMENTATION OF MERGER A-13 

7.1. Vollzug und Anmeldung ans Handelsregisteramt / Closing and Filing with Commercial Register A-13 

7.2. Technische Abwicklung der Ausrichtung der Abfindung / Technical Execution of Payment of Compensation A-14 

7.3. Bezahlung der Barabfindung / Payment of Cash Consideration A-14 

8. 

GLUBIGERSCHUTZ / CREDITOR PROTECTION A-14 

9. 

VERSCHIEDENES / MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS A-15 

9.1. Vertraulichkeit / Confidentiality A-15 

9.2. Mitteilungen / Notices A-15 

9.3. nderungen und Verzicht / Amendments and Waiver A-16 

A-2 

9.4. Keine Abtretung / No Assignment A-17 

9.5. Kosten und Steuern / Costs and Taxes A-17 

9.6. Anhnge / Annexes A-17 

9.7. Teilungltigkeit / Severability A-18 

9.8. Anwendbares Recht und Gerichtsstand / Applicable Law and Jurisdiction A-18 

10. 

GLTIGKEIT UND INKRAFTTRETEN DES FUSIONSVERTRAGES / VALIDITY AND EFFECTIVENESS
OF MERGER AGREEMENT A-18 

11. 

SPRACHE / LANGUAGE A-19 

SIGNATURES A-20 

Anhnge / Annexes

ANNEX 2.2 GEPRFTE FUSIONSBILANZ DER BERTRAGENDEN GESELLSCHAFT PER [] /
AUDITED MERGER BALANCE SHEET OF THE TRANSFERRING COMPANY AS OF [] A-21 

A-3 

PRAMBEL / RECITALS

(A) 

Die BERTRAGENDE GESELLSCHAFT ist eine Aktiengesellschaft nach schweizerischem Recht gemss den Art.
620 ff. des Schweizerischen Obligationenrechts (OR), mit Sitz in Wangen-Brttisellen (Firmennummer CHE-442.546.212). Das Aktienkapital der BERTRAGENDEN GESELLSCHAFT betrgt
CHF [], eingeteilt in [] auf den Namen lautende Stammaktien mit einem Nennwert von je CHF [] (STAMMAKTIEN), [] wandelbare auf den Namen lautende Vorzugsaktien der Kategorie A mit einem Nennwert von je
CHF [] (VORZUGSAKTIEN DER KATEGORIE A) und [] wandelbare auf den Namen lautende Vorzugsaktien der Kategorie B mit einem Nennwert von je CHF [] (VORZUGSAKTIEN DER KATEGORIE B) (die
VORZUGSAKTIEN DER KATEGORIE A, VORZUGSAKTIEN DER KATEGORIE B und STAMMAKTIEN je eine AKTIE und zusammen die AKTIEN). Die AKTIEN sind vollstndig liberiert. 

The Transferring Company is a stock corporation under Swiss law in accordance with article 620 et seq. of the Swiss Code of Obligations
(CO), with registered seat in Wangen-Brttisellen (identification no CHE-442.546.212). The share capital of the Transferring
Company amounts to CHF [], divided into [] registered common shares with a nominal value of CHF [] each (Common Shares), []
registered series A convertible preferred shares with a nominal value of CHF [] each (Series A Preferred Shares) and [] registered series B convertible preferred shares with
a nominal value of CHF [] each (Series B Preferred Shares) (the Series A Preferred Shares, Series B Preferred Shares and Common Shares each a Share, and together
the Shares). The share capital is fully paid-up.

(B) 

Die STAMMAKTIEN sind an der New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) unter dem Ticker Symbol GB
kotiert. 

The Common Shares are listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under
the ticker symbol GB. 

(C) 

Die BERNEHMENDE GESELLSCHAFT ist eine Gesellschaft mit beschrnkter Haftung (GmbH) nach
schweizerischem Recht mit Sitz in [] (Firmennummer CHE-[]). Im Zeitpunkt der Unterzeichnung dieses FUSIONVERTRAGES betrgt das Stammkapital der BERNEHMENDEN GESELLSCHAFT [],
eingeteilt in [] mit einem Nennwert von je []. Alle Stammanteile der BERNEHMENDEN GESELLSCHAFT werden indirekt von der S PAYMENTS gehalten. 

The Surviving Company is a limited liability company (LLC) under Swiss law, with registered seat in [] (identification
no CHE-[]). At the time of signing of this Merger Agreement, the quota capital of the Surviving Company is [], divided into [] with a nominal
value of [] each. All quotas of the Surviving Company are indirectly held by the Parent. 

(D) 

Die S PAYMENTS ist eine Gesellschaft nach dem Recht des Bundesstaats Delaware, Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika
mit Sitz in [] (Firmennummer CHE-[]). Im Zeitpunkt der Unterzeichnung dieses FUSIONVERTRAGES betrgt das Stammkapital der S PAYMENTS [], eingeteilt in [] mit einem Nennwert von
je []. Die Aktien der S PAYMENTS sind an der NYSE unter dem Ticker Symbol FOUR kotiert. 

A-4 

The Parent is a Delaware corporation, United Sates of America, with registered seat in
[] (identification no CHE-[]). At the time of signing of this Merger Agreement, the quota capital of the Parent is [], divided into
[] with a nominal value of [] each. The Shares of the Parent are listed on the NYSE under the ticker symbol FOUR. 

(E) 

Vor Unterzeichnung dieses Fusionsvertrages (FUSIONSVERTRAG) hat die BERNEHMENDE
GESELLSCHAFT ein ffentliches bernahmeangebot fr alle ausstehenden kotierten AKTIEN lanciert (ANGEBOT). Das Angebot wurde am [] 2025 vollzogen. Insgesamt wurden der BERNEHMENDEN GESELLSCHAFT []
AKTIEN unwiderruflich angedient. 

Prior to signing of this merger agreement (Merger
Agreement), the Surviving Company launched a tender offer for all outstanding Shares (Offer). The Offer was completed on [] 2025. A total of [] Shares were
irrevocably tendered to the Surviving Company. 

(F) 

Im Zeitpunkt der Unterzeichnung dieses FUSIONSVERTRAGES hlt die [BERNEHMENDE GESELLSCHAFT (zusammen
mit der S PAYMENTS) direkt oder indirekt [] AKTIEN und damit ungefhr []% des ausstehenden Aktienkapitals der BERTRAGENDEN GESELLSCHAFT (ohne Bercksichtigung der von der BERTRAGENDEN GESELLSCHAFT gehaltenen
eigenen Aktien). 

At the time of signing of this Merger Agreement, the Surviving Company (together with the Parent)
directly or indirectly holds [] Shares and thus approximately []% of the outstanding share capital of the Transferring Company (without taking into account treasury shares held by the Transferring Company).

(G) 

Die BERNEHMENDE GESELLSCHAFT und die BERTRAGENDE GESELLSCHAFT beabsichtigen im Rahmen der laufenden
Transaktion gemss den Bestimmungen des vorliegenden FUSIONSVERTRAGES, zu fusionieren. 

The Surviving Company and
the Transferring Company intend to merge in the context of the ongoing transaction according to the terms and conditions set forth in this Merger Agreement. 

(H) 

[Die BERTRAGENDE GESELLSCHAFT und die BERNEHMENDE GESELLSCHAFT verfgen ber keine
Mitarbeiter, sodass Mitarbeiterinformationen und / oder -konsultationen i.S.v. Art. 28 FusG i.V.m. Art. 333a OR entfallen.] 

[The Transferring Company and the Surviving Company do not have any employees, as a consequence of which, there is no need for information
and / or consultation of employees pursuant to article 28 Merger Act in connection with article 333a CO.] 2

VOR DIESEM HINTERGRUND vereinbaren die Parteien was folgt: 

IT IS AGREED as follows:

2 

Note to Draft: To be confirmed. 

A-5 

1. 

ZUSAMMENSCHLUSS / COMBINATION

Die BERNEHMENDE GESELLSCHAFT und die BERTRAGENDE GESELLSCHAFT vereinbaren hiermit, sich gemss den Bestimmungen dieses
FUSIONSVERTRAGES im Sinne von Art. 3 Abs. 1 lit. a i.V.m. Art. 4 Abs. 1 lit. a und Art. 8 Abs. 2 FusG zusammenzuschliessen. 

The
Surviving Company and the Transferring Company herewith agree to merge according to article 3 (1) (a) in connection with article 4 (1) (a) and article 8 (2) Merger Act in accordance with this Merger Agreement. 

2. 

DURCHFHRUNG DES ZUSAMMENSCHLUSSES / IMPLEMENTATION OF COMBINATION

2.1. 

Fusion / Merger

Die PARTEIEN vereinbaren hiermit, dass die BERNEHMENDE GESELLSCHAFT als bernehmende Gesellschaft und die BERTRAGENDE
GESELLSCHAFT als bertragende Gesellschaft im Sinne von Art. 3 Abs. 1 lit. a i.V.m. Art. 4 Abs. 1 lit. a und Art. 8 Abs. 2 FusG nach Massgabe dieses FUSIONSVERTRAGES fusionieren werden (Absorptionsfusion zwischen einer Aktiengesellschaft und
einer Gesellschaft mit beschrnkter Haftung; Abfindungsfusion) (FUSION) und damit alle Aktiven und Passiven der BERTRAGENDEN GESELLSCHAFT gemss den Bestimmungen dieses FUSIONSVERTRAGES und dem FusG auf die
BERNEHMENDE GESELLSCHAFT bergehen. Mit dem bergang aller Aktiven und Passiven auf die BERNEHMENDE GESELLSCHAFT und der Rechtswirksamkeit der FUSION wird die BERTRAGENDE GESELLSCHAFT ohne Liquidation aufgelst und
im Handelsregister gelscht. 

The Parties herewith agree that the Surviving Company as surviving company and the Transferring
Company as transferring company shall merge according to article 3 (1) (a) in connection with article 4 (1) (a) and article 8 (2) Merger Act in accordance with the terms set forth in this Merger Agreement (merger by absorption between a stock
corporation and a limited liability company; squeeze-out merger) (Merger) such that all of the assets and liabilities of the Transferring Company shall be transferred to the
Surviving Company in accordance with this Merger Agreement and the Merger Act. Upon the transfer of the assets and the liabilities to the Surviving Company and the effectiveness of the Merger, the Transferring Company shall be dissolved without
liquidation and deleted from the Commercial Register. 

Smtliche Aktiven und Passiven der BERTRAGENDEN GESELLSCHAFT werden
mit Vollzug der FUSION, d.h. mit der Eintragung der FUSION in das Handelsregister, kraft Universalsukzession (von Gesetzes wegen) Aktiven und Passiven der BERNEHMENDEN GESELLSCHAFT. 

All assets and liabilities of the Transferring Company shall by operation of law (universal succession) become the assets and liabilities of
the Surviving Company as of the Merger becoming effective, i.e. with effect from the registration of the Merger in the Commercial Register. 

A-6 

2.2. 

Fusionsbilanz / Merger Balance Sheet

Per [31. Dezember 2024], dem Stichdatum der als Anhang 2.2 beigefgten geprften Fusionsbilanz
(geprfte handelsrechtliche Bilanz) der BERTRAGENDEN GESELLSCHAFT, belaufen sich die Aktiven der BERTRAGENDEN GESELLSCHAFT auf [CHF] [] und die Passiven auf [CHF] [], was einem Aktivenberschuss von [CHF]
[] entspricht. Smtliche bis zur Rechtswirksamkeit der FUSION (d.h. mit der Eintragung der FUSION im Handelsregister) von der BERTRAGENDEN GESELLSCHAFT vorgenommenen Handlungen gelten als fr Rechnung der BERTRAGENDEN
GESELLSCHAFT vorgenommen. 

As of [December 31, 2024]3, the
record date of the audited merger balance sheet set forth in Annex 2.2 (audited statutory balance sheet), the assets of the Transferring Company amount to [CHF] [] and the liabilities to [CHF]
[], corresponding to a surplus of assets of [CHF] []. All actions taken by the Transferring Company until the merger becoming effective (i.e., with effect as of the registration of the Merger in the
Commercial Register) are deemed to have been taken for the account of the Transferring Company. 

2.3. 

Fusionsstichtag / Effective Date of Merger

[] 

[] 

2.4. 

Fusionsbericht / Merger Report

Die BERTRAGENDE GESELLSCHAFT und die BERNEHMENDE GESELLSCHAFT haben einen gemeinsamen Fusionsbericht erstellt und werden diesen,
zusammen mit diesem FUSIONSVERTRAG, den Prfungsbericht und den brigen Dokumenten gemss Art. 16 FusG, ihren Aktionren bzw. ihren Gesellschaftern fr mindestens 30 Kalendertage vor der Beschlussfassung durch die
Aktionre der BERTRAGENDEN GESELLSCHAFT bzw. die Gesellschafterin der BERNEHMENDEN GESELLSCHAFT zur Einsicht auflegen. 

The Surviving Company and the Transferring Company have jointly prepared a merger report and will submit such report, together with this
Merger Agreement, the audit report and the other documents pursuant to article 16 Merger Act, for inspection by their shareholders and quota holders, respectively, during at least 30 calendar days prior to the resolutions of the shareholders of the
Transferring Company and the quota holder of the Surviving Company, respectively. 

2.5. 

Prfungsbericht / Auditor Report

Die Parteien haben [reference to auditor], gemeinsam mit der Prfung des FUSIONSVERTRAGES, die Prfung des Fusionsberichts und
der Fusionsbilanz gemss Art. 15 FusG beauftragt. 

3 

Note to Draft: Date of merger balance sheet to be confirmed. 

A-7 

The Parties have jointly mandated [reference to auditor], to audit
the Merger Agreement, the merger report and the merger balance sheet according to article 15 Merger Act. 

2.6. 

Besondere Vorteile / Special
Advantages4

[S PAYMENTS hat mit Mitgliedern der
Geschftsleitung der BERTRAGENDEN GESELLSCHAFT Retentionsbonusvereinbarungen im Gesamtbetrag von USD 10 Mio vereinbart. Die Vereinbarungen treten mit Vollzug der FUSION in Kraft. Zustzlich werden Global Blue Holding LP (Grand
Cayman) und SL Globetrotter LP (Grand Cayman), die zwei grssten Aktionre der BERTRAGENDEN GESELLSCHAFT bis zum Vollzug des ANGEBOTS, den Mitgliedern der Geschftsleitung Boni im Gesamtbetrag von USD 10 Mio nach Vollzug der
FUSION ausbezahlen (und auch die Arbeitgeberbeitrge unter allflligen Sozialabgaben tragen). Der BERTRAGENDEN GESELLSCHAFT entstehen hierdurch keine Kosten oder Aufwand. Ansonsten wird keinem Mitglied eines Leitungs- oder
Verwaltungsorgans einer PARTEI als Folge der FUSION ein besonderer Vorteil gewhrt (Art. 13 Abs. 1 lit. h FusG).] 

[Parent has
entered into retention bonus agreements with the members of management of the Transferring Company in the aggregate amount of USD 10 mio. The retention bonus agreements become effective with the completion of the Merger. In addition, Global Blue
Holding LP (Grand Cayman) und SL Globetrotter LP (Grand Cayman), the two largest shareholders of the Transferring Company until completion of the Offer, have agreed to pay to the members of management a bonus in the aggregate amount of USD 10 mio
upon completion of the Merger (and to also pay any respective employer social security contributions). The Transferring Company will not occur any cost or expenses in this regard. Except for the foregoing, no member of the supreme administrative or
management bodies and no managerial member of any Party was granted any special advantage because of the Merger (article 13 (1) (h) Merger Act).] 

2.7. 

[Keine Sonderrechte], Anteile ohne Stimmrecht, Genussscheine / [No Special Rights], Equity
Interests Without Voting Rights, Profit-Sharing Certificates

Es sind im Rahmen der FUSION keine Rechte
[von Inhabern von Sonderrechten], von Anteilen ohne Stimmrecht oder von Genussscheinen zu beachten. 

[No rights of holders of special
rights5], no equity interests without voting rights and no profit-sharing certificates need to be taken into account in connection with the Merger. 

2.8. 

Keine Gesellschafter mit Unbeschrankter Haftung / No Shareholders or Quotaholders With Unlimited
Liability

Bei der FUSION sind keine Gesellschafter mit unbeschrnkter Haftung beteiligt. 

No quota holders with unlimited liability are involved in the Merger. 

4 

Note to draft: Subject to completion prior to submitting to Commercial Register. 

5 

Note to draft: To be amended if preferred shares are not fully tendered in the offer.

A-8 

2.9. 

Keine Kapitalerhhung / No Capital Increase

Da Stammanteile der BERNEHMENDEN GESELLSCHAFT nicht Teil der Abfindung gemss Ziffer 3 sind, muss die BERNEHMENDE GESELLSCHAFT
keine Kapitalerhhung durchfhren. 

Since quotas of the Surviving Company are not part of the compensation pursuant to
Section 3, no increase of the share capital of the Surviving Company is required. 

2.10. 

Geschftsfhrung / Management Board

Per Vollzug der FUSION soll sich die Geschftsfhrung der BERNEHMENDEN GESELLSCHAFT unverndert zusammensetzen. [Es ist
jedoch beabsichtigt, die Geschftsfhrung der BERNEHMENDEN GESELLSCHAFT nach dem Vollzug der FUSION mit weiteren Mitgliedern zu ergnzen.] 

As per completion of the Merger, the composition of the management board of the Surviving Company shall remain unchanged. [It is intended,
however, to complete the management board of the Surviving Company with additional members after completion of the Merger.] 

2.11. 

Statuten und Firma / Articles of Association and Company Name

Die Statuten der BERNEHMENDEN GESELLSCHAFT werden im Zusammenhang mit dem Vollzug dieses FUSIONSVERTRAGES
gendert. 

The articles of association of the Surviving Company will be amended in connection with the completion of the
transactions contemplated in this Merger Agreement. 

[Die Firma der BERNEHMENDEN GESELLSCHAFT wird in []
gendert.] [Ferner wird Ziffer [] betreffend Schadloshaltung der Geschftsfhrer und der mit der Geschftsfhrung der BERNEHMENDEN GESELLSCHAFT betrauten Personen ergnzt.] Schliesslich werden weitere
kleinere Anpassungen an den Statuten vorgenommen. 

[The company name of the Surviving Company will be changed to
[].] [Further, Article [] will be amended with the indemnification of the managing officers and other persons entrusted with the management of the Surviving Company.] [Lastly, minor other
amendments will be made to the articles of association.] 

3. 

ABFINDUNG / COMPENSATION

3.1. 

Zusammensetzung der Abfindung / Composition of Compensation

Die PARTEIEN vereinbaren hiermit, dass jedem Aktionr der BERTRAGENDEN GESELLSCHAFT (mit Ausnahme von der S PAYMENTS und der
BERNEHMENDEN GESELLSCHAFT, welche keine Abfindung fr jegliche von ihnen direkt oder indirekt gehaltenen AKTIEN erhalten) anstelle von Stammanteilen an der BERNEHMENDEN GESELLSCHAFT eine Abfindung im Sinne von Art. 8 Abs. 2 FusG
ausgerichtet wird. 

A-9 

The Parties herewith agree that each shareholder of the Transferring Company (except for
the Parent and the Surviving Company, which shall not receive any compensation for any Shares directly or indirectly held by them) shall receive a compensation pursuant to article 8 (2) Merger Act in lieu of quotas in the Surviving Company. 

Die von der BERNEHMENDEN GESELLSCHAFT je AKTIE zu leistende Abfindung besteht aus einer Barabfindung (BARABFINDUNG).

The compensation for each Share consists of a cash consideration (Cash Consideration). 

Die STAMMAKTIEN werden wie folgt abgegolten: 

The compensation for the Common Shares is as follows: 

AKTIE / Share 

BARABFINDUNG / Cash Consideration (in USD)

1 STAMMAKTIE / Common Share []

[Die VORZUGSAKTIEN DER KATEGORIE A werden wie folgt abgegolten: [] 

The compensation for Series A Preferred Shares is as follows: [] 

Die VORZUGSAKTIEN DER KATEGORIE B werden wie folgt abgegolten: [] 

The compensation for Series B Preferred Shares is as follows: []]6

Die BARABFINDUNG wurde von den PARTEIEN verhandelt. Angaben zur Bewertung sind im Fusionsbericht enthalten. Die Abfindung entspricht
dem Angebotspreis, welcher fr STAMMAKTIEN im Rahmen des ANGEBOTS angeboten wurde. 

The Cash Consideration was negotiated by the
Parties. Information regarding the valuation is contained in the merger report. It corresponds to the offer price for Common Shares offered in the Offer. 

3.2. 

Lieferung der Abfindung / Delivery of Compensation

Die BERNEHMENDE GESELLSCHAFT verpflichtet sich, smtlichen Aktionren der BERTRAGENDEN GESELLSCHAFT die Abfindung
gemss dieser Ziffer 3 auszurichten (oder dafr zu sorgen, dass diese ausgerichtet wird), als Entschdigung fr das Erlschen ihrer AKTIEN und der damit zusammenhngenden Rechte mit der Rechtswirksamkeit der FUSION. Die
S PAYMENTS und die BERNEHMENDE GESELLSCHAFT, erhalten fr allfllige von ihnen direkt oder indirekt gehaltenen AKTIEN im Rahmen der FUSION keine Gegenleistung; ihre AKTIEN und die damit zusammenhngenden Rechte
erlschen mit der Rechtswirksamkeit der FUSION. 

The Surviving Company undertakes to pay (or cause to be paid) the compensation
pursuant to this Section 3 to all shareholders of the Transferring Company as consideration 

6 

Note to Draft: Required if Series A/B Preferred Shares are not entirely acquired under the Offer.

A-10 

for the extinction of the Shares and of the rights associated therewith at the time the Merger becomes effective. The Parent and the Surviving Company shall not receive any consideration in
connection with the Merger for Shares directly or indirectly held by them; the Shares held by them and the rights associated therewith will be extinguished at the time the Merger becomes effective. 

3.3. 

Eigene Aktien / Treasury Shares

Die von der BERTRAGENDEN GESELLSCHAFT direkt oder indirekt gehaltenen AKTIEN erhalten keine Abfindung. 

Shares directly or indirectly held by the Transferring Company shall not be compensated. 

4. 

GESELLSCHAFTSRECHTLICHE GENEHMIGUNGEN / Corporate Approvals

4.1. 

Generalversammlung der BERTRAGENDEN GESELLSCHAFT / Shareholders Meeting of
the Transferring Company

Die Zustimmung der Generalversammlung
der BERTRAGENDEN GESELLSCHAFT zu diesem FUSIONSVERTRAG ist eine Bedingung dieses FUSIONSVERTRAGES und der hierin vorgesehenen Transaktionen. Unter Vorbehalt von Art. 17 Abs. 2 FusG wird der Verwaltungsrat der BERTRAGENDEN GESELLSCHAFT
der Generalversammlung der BERTRAGENDEN GESELLSCHAFT diesen FUSIONSVERTRAG mit Antrag auf Genehmigung zur Beschlussfassung vorlegen. 

The approval of this Merger Agreement by the shareholders meeting of the Transferring Company is a condition to this Merger Agreement
and the transactions contemplated hereunder. Subject to article 17 (2) Merger Act, the board of directors of the Transferring Company shall submit this Merger Agreement to the shareholders meeting of the Transferring Company with motion to
approve. 

Die FUSION gilt seitens der BERTRAGENDEN GESELLSCHAFT als genehmigt, falls deren Generalversammlung die Genehmigung
dieses FUSIONSVERTRAGES mit dem erforderlichen Quorum gemss Art. 18 Abs. 5 FusG beschliesst. 

The Merger shall be considered to
have been approved by the Transferring Company if the shareholders meeting of the Transferring Company resolves to approve the Merger Agreement with the required quorum pursuant to article 18 (5) Merger Act. 

4.2. 

Zustimmung der Gesellschafterin der BERNEHMENDEN GESELLSCHAFT / Approval of the Quotaholder
of the Surviving Company

Die Zustimmung der Gesellschafterin der BERNEHMENDEN GESELLSCHAFT zu
diesem FUSIONSVERTRAG ist eine Bedingung dieses FUSIONSVERTRAGES und der hierin vorgesehenen Transaktionen. Unter Vorbehalt von Art. 17 Abs. 2 FusG wird die Geschftsfhrung der BERNEHMENDEN GESELLSCHAFT der Gesellschafterin der
BERNEHMENDEN GESELLSCHAFT diesen FUSIONSVERTRAG mit Antrag auf Genehmigung zur Beschlussfassung vorlegen. 

A-11 

The approval of this Merger Agreement by the quotaholder of the Surviving Company is a
condition to this Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereunder. Subject to article 17 (2) Merger Act, the management board of the Surviving Company shall submit this Merger Agreement to the quotaholder of the Surviving Company with
motion to approve. 

Die FUSION gilt seitens der BERNEHMENDEN GESELLSCHAFT als genehmigt, falls deren Gesellschafterin die
Genehmigung dieses FUSIONSVERTRAGES mit dem erforderlichen Quorum gemss Art. 18 Abs. 1 lit. c FusG beschliesst. 

The Merger shall
be considered to have been approved by the Surviving Company if the quota holder of the Surviving Company resolves to approve the Merger according to this Merger Agreement with the required quorum pursuant to article 18 (1) (c) Merger Act. 

4.3. 

Keine Sonderversammlungen / No Special Meetings

[Da die BERNEHMENDE GESELLSCHAFT bzw. die S PAYMENTS im Rahmen des ANGEBOTS alle VORZUGSAKTIEN DER KATEGORIE A und VORZUGSAKTIEN DER
KATEGORIE B erworben haben, sind zu Genehmigung des FUSIONSVERTRAGS keine Sonderversammlungen der Vorzugsaktionre erforderlich.] 

[Since the Surviving Company and the Parent have acquired all Series A Preferred Shares and the Series B Preferred Shares in the Offer, no
special meetings are required for the approval of the Merger Agreement.]7

5. 

BEDINGUNGEN FR DEN VOLLZUG DER FUSION / CONDITIONS TO THE CONSUMMATION OF THE
MERGER

Die Pflicht jeder PARTEI, die FUSION zu vollziehen unterliegt den folgenden
aufschiebenden Bedingungen, welche bis zur Anmeldung der Fusion beim Handelsregister gemss Ziffer 7.1 erfllt sein mssen: 

The obligations of each Party to effect the Merger shall be subject to the following conditions precedent which must be satisfied prior to
the filing of the Merger with the Commercial Register pursuant to Section 7.1: 

(a) 

Die Generalversammlung der BERTRAGENDEN GESELLSCHAFT hat dem FUSIONSVERTRAG gemss Ziffer 4.1
zugestimmt. 

The shareholders meeting of the Transferring Company has approved the Merger Agreement pursuant to
Section 4.1. 

(b) 

Die Gesellschafterin der BERNEHMENDEN GESELLSCHAFT hat den FUSIONSVERTRAG gemss Ziffer 4.2
genehmigt. 

7 

Note to Draft: To be confirmed. 

A-12 

The quota holder of the Surviving Company shall have approved the Merger Agreement in
accordance with Section 4.2. 

(c) 

Es wurde kein Urteil, kein Entscheid, keine Verfgung und keine andere hoheitliche Massnahme von einem
zustndigen Gericht oder einer zustndigen staatlichen Behrde in den Vereinigten Staaten oder der Schweiz erlassen und kein Gesetz in Kraft gesetzt, welche(s) den Vollzug der FUSION vorbergehend oder permanent verhindert,
verbietet oder fr unzulssig erklrt. 

No judgment, decision, order or other authoritative measure
shall have been issued and no law shall have been enacted by any competent court or governmental authority in the United States or Switzerland temporarily or permanently preventing, prohibiting or declaring illegal the consummation of the Merger.

Ein allflliger Verzicht einer PARTEI auf die Erfllung der Bedingungen erfolgt gemss den Vorgaben von
Ziffer 9.3. 

A waiver by a Party for the satisfaction of the conditions must occur in accordance with Section 9.3. 

6. 

BEENDIGUNG / TERMINATION

Der FUSIONSVERTRAG endet automatisch, wenn die aufschiebenden Bedingungen gemss Ziffer 5 nicht erfllt sind und auf deren
Erfllung nicht verzichtet worden ist [oder (ii) die FUSION nicht bis zum [insert date] [2025] (ENDDATUM) in das Handelsregister eingetragen worden ist]. 

The Merger Agreement terminates (without further notice) if (i) the conditions precedent have not been satisfied pursuant to
Section 5 or their satisfaction has not been waived [or (ii) the Merger has not been registered in the Commercial register by [insert date] [2025] (End
Date)]. 

7. 

DURCHFHRUNG DER FUSION / IMPLEMENTATION OF MERGER

7.1. 

Vollzug und Anmeldung ans Handelsregisteramt / ClosingandFiling with Commercial Register

Die BERNEHMENDE GESELLSCHAFT und die BERTRAGENDE
GESELLSCHAFT werden die FUSION nach erfolgter Zustimmung zum FUSIONSVERTRAG durch die Generalversammlung beziehungsweise die Gesellschafterin und der Erfllung der Vollzugsbedingungen gemss Ziffer 5 durch Einreichung dieses
FUSIONSVERTRAGES und der Fusionsbeschlsse sowie der weiteren erforderlichen Dokumente beim zustndigen Handelsregisteramt zur Eintragung anmelden. 

The Surviving Company and the Transferring Company will file the Merger Agreement and the merger resolutions as well as the other required
documents for registration of the Merger with the competent Commercial Register upon approval of the Merger Agreement by the shareholders meeting and the quota holder, respectively, and after the other closing conditions as per Section 5
have been met. 

A-13 

Dieser FUSIONSVERTRAG (und damit die FUSION) gilt als vollzogen, sobald die entsprechenden
Handelsregistereintragungen der FUSION erfolgt sind (nachstehend FUSIONSZEIPUNKT). 

This Merger Agreement (and with
it the Merger) shall be considered to have been consummated as soon as the respective registrations of the Merger in the Commercial Register have been made (Effective Time). 

7.2. 

Technische Abwicklung der Ausrichtung der Abfindung / Technical Execution of Payment of
Compensation

Die BARABFINDUNG wird den Aktionren der BERTRAGENDEN GESELLSCHAFT so rasch wie
mglich nach dem FUSIONSZEITPUNKT ausgerichtet. 

The Cash Consideration will be delivered to the shareholders of the Transferring
Company as soon as practicable following the Effective Time. 

Die PARTEIEN bezeichnen [] (EXCHANGE AGENT)
fr die Abwicklung der Ausrichtung der Abfindung. 

The Parties appoint [] as exchange agent
(Exchange Agent) for the execution of the compensation payment. 

7.3. 

Bezahlung der Barabfindung / Payment of Cash Consideration

Die BARABFINDUNG wird dem jeweiligen Aktionr durch den EXCHANGE AGENT ber das System der Depository Trust Company (DTC) zugestellt,
die die BARABFINDUNG den jeweiligen Aktionren zuteilt, in der Form eines Checks, der an die in den Geschftsbchern der BERTRAGENDEN GESELLSCHAFT verzeichnete Adresse zugestellt wird, oder an Aktionre der
BERTRAGENDEN GESELLSCHAFT, welche ihre Aktien als Bucheffekten halten, mittels Bankberweisung ausgerichtet. 

Payment of the
Cash Consideration shall be made by the Exchange Agent to the respective shareholder through the facilities of the Depository Trust Company (DTC) which will allocate the Cash Consideration to the respective shareholders by way of a check delivered
to the address recorded in the books and records of the Transferring Company or by wire transfer to the respective shareholders of the Transferring Company who are book-entry holders of shares of the Transferring Company. 

8. 

GLUBIGERSCHUTZ / CREDITOR PROTECTION

Im Anschluss an den Abschluss dieses FUSIONSVERTRAGES wird jede PARTEI ihre Glubiger auf deren Rechte gemss Art. 25 Abs. 1 FusG
durch Publikation im schweizerischen Handelsamtsblatt hinweisen. 

Following the conclusion of this Merger Agreement, each Party will
notify its creditors about their rights pursuant to article 25 (1) Merger Act by publication in the Swiss Official Gazette of Commerce. 

A-14 

9. 

VERSCHIEDENES / MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

9.1. 

Vertraulichkeit / Confidentiality

Der lnhalt der Fusionsverhandlungen und die in diesem Zusammenhang ausgetauschten Unterlagen und Informationen sind von den PARTEIEN
vertraulich zu behandeln. Vorbehalten bleiben gesetzliche Pflichten zur Auskunft, insbesondere gegenber Behrden und Gerichten oder gemss den anwendbaren Wertpapiergesetzen der Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika, sowie die gesetzliche
Pflicht zur Offenlegung von Dokumenten gemss den anwendbaren Gesetzesbestimmungen und Regularien. 

The Parties shall treat
confidential the content of the negotiations of the Merger and the documents and information exchanged in this connection, subject to any legal obligations to provide information, in particular to authorities or courts or as required under
applicable securities laws of the United States of America, as well as subject to any general disclosure obligation in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. 

9.2. 

Mitteilungen / Notices

Alle Mitteilungen gemss diesem FUSIONSVERTRAG haben schriftlich zu erfolgen und wie unten angegeben oder gemss anderen Anweisungen,
die von der PARTEI, die eine solche Mitteilung erhalten soll, schriftlich erteilt werden, zugestellt werden: 

All notices to be given in
connection with this Merger Agreement shall be in writing and delivered as set forth below or under such other instructions as may be designated in writing by the party to receive such a notice: 

BERNEHMENDE GESELLSCHAFT: / Surviving Company: 

[]

[address]

Attention: []

Email: []

Mit Kopie an: / with a copy to: 

[]

[address]

Attention: []

Email: []

BERTRAGENDE GESELLSCHAFT: / Transferring Company: 

[]

[address]

Attention: []

Email: []

Mit Kopie an / with a copy to: 

[]

[address]

Attention: []

Email: []

A-15 

S PAYMENTS: / Parent: 

[]

[address]

Attention: []

Email: []

Mit Kopie an / with a copy to: 

[]

[address]

Attention: []

Email: []

Fr die Einhaltung einer Frist gengt die Absendung der Mitteilung am letzten Tag der Frist. 

Any notice to be given hereunder shall be deemed to have been duly given if dispatched on the last day of a term or deadline. 

9.3. 

nderungen und Verzicht / Amendments and Waiver

(a) 

nderungen und Ergnzungen dieses FUSIONSVERTRAGES bedrfen zu ihrer Gltigkeit der
Schriftform sowie des unterschriftlichen Einverstndnisses aller PARTEIEN. Der Verzicht einer PARTEI auf eine Bestimmung dieses FUSIONSVERTRAGES oder Rechte gemss diesem FUSIONSVERTRAG muss schriftlich erfolgen. 

This Merger Agreement may only be amended by a document signed by all Parties. Any waiver by a Party of any provision or of any rights under
this Merger Agreement shall not be valid unless given in a document signed by such Party. 

(b) 

Die nderung bzw. der Verzicht mssen vom Verwaltungsrat der BERTRAGENDEN GESELLSCHAFT bzw. den
Geschftsfhrern der BERNEHMENDEN GESELLSCHAFT genehmigt werden. Im Falle einer nderung oder eines Verzichts, nachdem die Generalversammlung der BERTRAGENDEN GESELLSCHAFT bzw. die Versammlung der Anteilsinhaber der
BERNEHMENDEN GESELLSCHAFT oder beide den FUSIONSVERTRAG genehmigt haben, hat die betroffene PARTEI zu bercksichtigen, ob die nderung bzw. der Verzicht, der Genehmigung einer weiteren Generalversammlung bzw. der Versammlung der
Anteilsinhaber bedarf. Soweit gesetzlich zulssig ist dies dann nicht der Fall, wenn (durch die nderung bzw. den Verzicht) nach Einschtzung der betroffenen PARTEI die wesentlichen Bedingungen des FUSIONSVERTRAGS unverndert
bleiben und der ursprngliche Beschluss der Generalversammlung, bzw. der Versammlung der Anteilsinhaber als nach wie vor eingehalten bleibt. 

The amendment or waiver must be approved by the board of directors of the Transferring Entity and the managing directors of the Surviving
Entity, respectively. In case of an amendment or waiver after the Merger Agreement has been approved by the shareholders meeting of the Transferring Entity or the quota 

A-16 

holder meeting of the Surviving Entity or both, it must be considered by the respective Party if such amendment or waiver requires the approval by an additional shareholders meeting
and/or meetings of the quota holders. To the extent permitted by law, this is deemed not to be the case if (due to the modification or waiver) in the assessment of the concerned Party the substantive and material terms and conditions of the
Agreement remain unchanged and the original resolution by the shareholders meeting (or the quota holders meeting, as applicable), can still be considered to be complied with.

(c) 

Eine nderung der Bestimmungen dieser Ziffer 9.3 bedarf ihrerseits zu ihrer Gltigkeit einer
schriftlichen Vereinbarung. 

Any changes to the provisions of this Section 9.3 shall also not be
valid unless documented in writing. 

9.4. 

Keine Abtretung / No Assignment

Einer PARTEI ist es ohne vorgngige schriftliche Zustimmung der jeweils anderen PARTEIEN untersagt, diesen FUSIONSVERTRAG oder Rechte oder
Pflichten aus diesem FUSIONSVERTRAG ganz oder teilweise an Dritte abzutreten oder auf Dritte zu bertragen. Jegliche (versuchte) Abtretung oder bertragung in Verletzung dieser Ziffer 9.4 gilt als nichtig. Ziffer 9.3 bleibt
vorbehalten. 

Neither Party shall assign or transfer this Merger Agreement or any of its rights or obligations hereunder, in whole or in
part, to any third party without the prior written consent of the other Parties. Any (attempted) assignment or transfer in violation of this Section 9.4 shall be void. Section 9.3 remains reserved. 

9.5. 

Kosten und Steuern / Costs and Taxes

Jede PARTEI tragt ihre eigenen Kosten im Zusammenhang mit dem Entwurf, der Verhandlung, dem Abschluss und dem Vollzug dieses FUSIONSVERTRAGES
und dem Vollzug der in diesem FUSIONSVERTRAG vorgesehenen Transaktionen selbst. 

Each Party shall bear its own costs in connection with
the drafting, negotiation and the execution of this Merger Agreement and the completion of the transactions contemplated in this Merger Agreement. 

Im Zusammenhang mit diesem FUSIONSVERTRAG und im Zusammenhang mit den in diesem FUSIONSVERTRAG vorgesehenen Transaktionen erhobene Steuern
trgt der jeweilige gesetzliche Schuldner. 

Taxes levied in connection with this Merger Agreement, or the transactions contemplated
hereunder shall be paid by the Party owing such taxes pursuant to applicable law. 

9.6. 

Anhnge / Annexes 

Folgender Anhang bildet einen integrierten Bestandteil dieses Fusionsvertrages: 

A-17 

Annex 2.2: Geprfte Fusionsbilanz der BERTRAGENDER GESELLSCHAFT per [].

The following annex shall form an integral part of this Merger Agreement:

Annex 2.2: Audited merger balance sheet of the Transferring Company as of [].

9.7. 

Teilungltigkeit / Severability

Falls eine oder mehrere Bestimmungen dieses FUSIONSVERTRAGES aus irgendeinem Grund ungltig, widerrechtlich oder nicht vollstreckbar sein
sollte(n), berhrt dies die brigen Bestimmungen dieses FUSIONSVERTRAGES nicht. In diesem Fall werden sich die PARTEIEN auf (eine) gltige, rechtskonforme und vollstreckbare Bestimmung(en) einigen, die den Absichten der PARTEIEN in
Bezug auf die ungltige(n), widerrechtliche(n) oder nicht vollstreckbare(n) Bestimmung(en) mglichst nahekommt (kommen), und werden die ungltige(n), widerrechtliche(n) oder nicht vollstreckbare(n) Bestimmung(en) durch diese ersetzen.

If any provision of this Merger Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason, such invalidity,
illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any of the other provisions of this Merger Agreement. In such a case, the Parties shall negotiate and agree on a substitute provision that best reflects the intentions of the Parties with respect to
the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision, without being invalid, illegal or unenforceable. 

9.8. 

Anwendbares Recht und Gerichtsstand / Applicable Law and Jurisdiction

Dieser FUSIONSVERTRAG untersteht in allen Teilen schweizerischem materiellem Recht (unter Ausschluss der
Bestimmungen des internationalen Privatrechts und der Wiener Konvention ber den internationalen Warenkauf vom 11. April 1980). 

This Merger Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the substantive laws of Switzerland (to the exclusion of the
conflict of laws principles and the Vienna Convention on the International Sale of Goods dated April 11, 1980). 

Fr
smtliche Streitigkeiten aus oder im Zusammenhang mit diesem FUSIONSVERTRAG sind die fr die Stadt Zrich, Schweiz, zustndigen Gerichte ausschliesslich zustndig. 

Any dispute arising out of or in connection with this Merger Agreement shall be exclusively referred to the courts competent for the City of
Zurich, Switzerland. 

10. 

GLTIGKEIT UND INKRAFTTRETEN DES FUSIONSVERTRAGES / VALIDITY AND EFFECTIVENESS OF MERGER
AGREEMENT

Dieser FUSIONSVERTRAG tritt mit seiner Unterzeichnung in Kraft, untersteht jedoch den
Bedingungen zum Vollzug der FUSION gemss Ziffer 5. Die Verwaltungsrte bzw. Geschftsfhrer der PARTEIEN haben den Fusionsvertrag genehmigt. 

A-18 

This Merger Agreement shall be effective upon signing, is subject, however, to the
conditions to the consummation of the Merger pursuant to Section 5. The board of directors or managing directors (in case of the Surviving Company) of the Parties have approved the Merger Agreement. 

11. 

SPRACHE / LANGUAGE

Im Falle von Widersprchen zwischen der deutschen und der englischen Version dieses FUSIONSVERTRAGES geht die deutsche Version vor. 

In case of discrepancies between the German and the English version in this Merger Agreement, the German version shall prevail. 

[UNTERSCHRIFTEN AUF DER NACHSTEN SEITE] 

[SIGNATURES ON NEXT PAGE] 

A-19 

SIGNATURES 

Date: ______________________ Global Blue Group Holding AG

Name: Name:

Date: ______________________ [Party] 

Name: Name:

Date: ______________________ Shift4 Payments, Inc. 

Name: Name:

A-20 

ANNEX B 

Parent Stockholder Consent 

SHIFT4 PAYMENTS, INC. 

ACTION BY WRITTEN CONSENT OF STOCKHOLDER IN LIEU OF A MEETING 

February 16, 2025 

The
undersigned stockholder (the Stockholder) of Shift4 Payments, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Corporation), hereby adopts the following resolutions and does hereby take the following actions by written consent
without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, pursuant to Section 228 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware and in accordance with the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation dated
June 4, 2020 (as in effect on the date hereof, the Certificate of Incorporation), the Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Corporation dated June 4, 2020 (as in effect on the date hereof, the Bylaws),
and the Stockholders Agreement of the Corporation dated June 4, 2020 (as in effect on the date hereof, the Stockholders Agreement), and hereby directs that this consent (this Consent) be filed with the
minutes of the proceedings of the stockholders of the Corporation: 

WHEREAS, the Corporation intends to enter into a
Transaction Agreement (as it may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Transaction Agreement), dated as of February 16, 2025, with Global Blue Group Holding AG, a stock corporation
incorporated under the laws of Switzerland, with its registered office in Zurichstrasse 38, 8306, Bruttisellen, Switzerland (GB), a copy of which has been provided to the Stockholder and is attached hereto as Exhibit A,
whereby, among other things, the Corporation shall cause a new wholly-owned Swiss limited liability company to be established (Merger Sub) and will cause Merger Sub to execute a joinder to the Transaction Agreement as provided
therein; 

WHEREAS, capitalized terms used herein but not defined shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the
Transaction Agreement; 

WHEREAS, as contemplated by the Transaction Agreement, the Corporation shall cause Merger
Sub to execute a joinder agreement immediately after registration of Merger Sub in the commercial register of the Canton of Zurich, agreeing to become a party to and be bound by the terms of the Transaction Agreement; 

WHEREAS, in connection with entry into the Transaction Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, the
Corporation intends to enter into Support Agreements (as may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, each, an Institutional Holders Support Agreement and collectively, the Institutional
Holders Support Agreements), dated as of February 16, 2025, with each of (i) SL Globetrotter, L.P. and Global Blue Holding LP (together, the Silver Lake and Partners Group Holders), (ii) Partners Group Private
Equity (Master Fund), LLC, Partners Group Barrier Reef, L.P. and Partners Group Client Access 5, L.P. Inc. (together, the Partners Group Direct Holders), (iii) Tencent Mobility Limited (the Tencent Holder) and
(iv) Ant International Technologies (Hong Kong) Holding Limited (the Ant Holder), copies of which have been provided to the Stockholder and are attached hereto as
Exhibits B-1, B-2, B-3 and
B-4; 

B-1 

WHEREAS, in connection with entry into the Transaction Agreement and
the transactions contemplated thereby, the Corporation intends to enter into a Support Agreement (as it may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Certares Support Agreement), dated as of
February 16, 2025, with CK Opportunities Wolverine, S. R.L. (Certares), a copy of which has been provided to the Stockholder and is attached hereto as Exhibit C; 

WHEREAS, in connection with entry into the Transaction Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, the
Corporation intends to enter into a Support Agreement (as it may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Management Holders Support Agreement and together with the Institutional Holders
Support Agreement and the Certares Support Agreement, the Support Agreements), dated as of February 16, 2025, with the several persons thereto, a copy of which has been provided to the Stockholder and is attached hereto as
Exhibit D; 

WHEREAS, in connection with entry into the Transaction Agreement and the transactions
contemplated thereby, the Corporation intends to enter into a Subscription Agreement (as it may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Tencent Subscription Agreement), dated as of February
16, 2025, with Huang River Investment Limited (Tencent), a copy of which has been provided to the Stockholder and is attached hereto as Exhibit E; 

WHEREAS, in connection with entry into the Transaction Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, the
Corporation intends to enter into a Subscription Agreement (as it may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Ant Subscription Agreement and together with the Tencent Subscription Agreement,
the Subscription Agreements), dated as of February 16, 2025, with Ant International Technologies (Singapore) Holding Pte. Ltd. (Ant), a copy of which has been provided to the Stockholder and is attached hereto
as Exhibit F; 

WHEREAS, in connection with entry into the Transaction Agreement and the transactions
contemplated thereby, the Corporation shall cause Merger Sub to execute a joinder agreement (the Series A Conversion Agreement Joinder) on or around the Acceptance Time, agreeing to be bound by the terms of that certain Conversion
Agreement, dated as of August 28, 2020, by and among GB, Global Blue Holding LP, SL Globetrotter, L.P. and the other holders thereto; 

WHEREAS, in connection with entry into the Transaction Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, the
Corporation shall cause Merger Sub to execute a joinder agreement (the Series B Conversion Agreement Joinder) on or around the Acceptance Time, agreeing to be bound by the terms of that certain Conversion Agreement, dated as of
June 13, 2022, by and among the Company, Certares and the other investor holders thereto; 

B-2 

WHEREAS, in connection with entry into the Transaction Agreement and
the transactions contemplated thereby, Shift4 Payments, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and wholly owned subsidiary of the Corporation (Shift4 LLC), intends to (i) enter into a commitment letter substantially in the
form attached hereto as Exhibit G (the Commitment Letter) with Goldman Sachs Bank USA and/or one or more affiliates thereof (collectively, GS), and the other commitment parties from time to time party
thereto, pursuant to which the commitment parties have committed to provide Shift4 LLC with (a) a senior secured revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of $450,000,000 (the Backstop Revolving Facility) and
(b) one or more 364-day bridge loan facilities in an aggregate principal amount of $1,795,000,000 (the Senior Bridge Facilities), which may be in the form of a senior secured 364-day bridge loan facility (the Senior Secured Bridge Facility) and/or a senior unsecured 364-day bridge loan facility (the Senior Unsecured
Bridge Facility and, together with the Senior Secured Bridge Facility and the Backstop Revolving Facility, collectively, the Committed Facilities), in each case, on the terms and conditions provided therein,
(ii) enter into a joint fee letter (the Joint Fee Letter) with GS and the other commitment parties from time to time party thereto, pursuant to which Shift4 LLC agrees to pay certain fees in connection with the Committed
Facilities, (iii) enter into an agency fee letter (the Agency Fee Letter) with GS and the other commitment parties from time to time party thereto, pursuant to which Shift4 LLC agrees to pay certain fees in connection with
the Committed Facilities, (iv) enter into an engagement letter (the Financing Engagement Letter) with GS and the other parties from time to time party thereto, (v) enter into a fee credit letter (the Fee Credit
Letter, and, together with the Commitment Letter, the Joint Fee Letter, the Agency Fee Letter and the Financing Engagement Letter, collectively, the Commitment Documents) with GS and the other parties from time to time
party thereto, pursuant to which GS and the banks has been retained to arrange permanent financing in connection with the Transactions in the form of (x) the Required Amendment (as defined below) to replace the Backstop Revolving Facility, and
(y) a combination of (A) a senior secured term loan B facility (the Term Loan B Facility) or other loan facility, credit facility, commercial bank financing or bank or institutional facility (together with the Term Loan
B Facility, the Bank Facilities), (B) preferred equity (the Preferred Equity), (C) senior secured and/or unsecured notes (the Senior Notes), and/or (D) any other secured or unsecured
debt, equity, preferred equity or equity-linked securities (together with the Bank Facilities, the Preferred Equity, and the Senior Notes, collectively, the Permanent Financing) to replace or refinance the Senior Bridge Facilities
and/or to redeem certain of the Corporations existing convertible notes, and (vi) to pay any and all expenses and fees arising in connection with the foregoing; 

WHEREAS, it is proposed that Shift4 LLC and certain of its subsidiaries (i) enter into definitive documentation
with respect to the Backstop Revolving Facility (the Backstop Revolving Facility Documents), (ii) enter into definitive documentation with respect to the Senior Secured Bridge Facility (the Senior Secured Bridge Facility
Documents) (iii) enter into definitive documentation with 

B-3 

respect to the Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility (the Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility Documents and, together with the Senior Secured Bridge Facility Documents and the Backstop
Revolving Facility Documents, collectively the Committed Facility Documents), (iii) enter into definitive documentation with respect to the Permanent Financing (the Permanent Financing Documents), (iv)
enter into certain amendments (the Required Amendment) to Shift4 LLCs existing Second Amended and Restated First Lien Credit Agreement, dated as of September 5, 2024 (as amended, restated, amended and restated,
supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the date hereof, the Existing Credit Agreement; the Existing Credit Agreement, as amended by the Required Amendment, the Amended Credit Agreement),
among Shift4 LLC, the subsidiaries of Shift4 LLC party thereto from time to time, the lenders and issuing banks party thereto from time to time, and GS, as administrative agent, to among other things, permit the consummation of the Transactions, the
incurrence of the Senior Bridge Facilities and any Permanent Financing issued in lieu thereof, or to refinance the loans under the Existing Credit Agreement (the Required Amendment, together with the Committed Facility Documents and the Permanent
Financing Documents, collectively, the Facility Agreements), and (v) enter into any and all other agreements, instruments, certificates, acknowledgments or other documents as may be contemplated by or entered into in
connection with any of the Facility Agreements or documents necessary or advisable to satisfy the conditions precedent and any conditions subsequent for the extension of credit, or in connection with the performance of its obligations under the
Facility Agreements, and any amendments, restatements, amendments and restatements, modifications or supplements to any of the foregoing (collectively with the Facility Agreements, and the Amended Credit Agreement, the Definitive Financing
Documents), in each case on such terms and conditions as any officer of the Corporation deems to be advisable and in the best interests of Shift4 LLC; 

WHEREAS, the board of directors of the Corporation has unanimously approved and declared it advisable, to enter into the
Transaction Agreement, the Support Agreements, the Subscription Agreements, the Series A Conversion Agreement Joinder, the Series B Conversion Agreement Joinder, the Commitment Documents, the Definitive Financing Documents and consummate, in each
case, the transactions contemplated therein, in each case, upon the terms and conditions set forth therein (the Transactions); and 

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 4 of the Stockholders Agreement, the Corporation is required to obtain the prior
written consent of the Stockholder (the Stockholder Approval) prior to taking the actions set forth therein; 

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the Stockholder hereby consents to and approves the Transaction Agreement, the Support
Agreements, the Subscription Agreements, the Series A Conversion Agreement Joinder, the Series B Conversion Agreement Joinder, the Commitment Documents, the Definitive Financing Documents and the consummation of the Transactions, in each case, on
the terms and conditions set forth therein; and 

B-4 

FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Stockholder hereby approves the delivery
of this Consent pursuant to the terms of the Transaction Agreement, such that it will constitute the Parent Stockholder Consent as defined in the Transaction Agreement. 

Any copy, .pdf or other reliable reproduction of this Consent may be submitted or used in lieu of the original writing for any and all
purposes for which the original writing could be used, provided that such copy, .pdf or other reproduction be a complete reproduction of the entire original writing. 

* * * * * * * * *

B-5 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned Stockholder has executed this Consent as of the date
first written above. 

STOCKHOLDER:

Rook Holdings, Inc.,

a Delaware corporation

By: 

Name: Jared Isaacman

Title: President

[Signature Page to
Parent Stockholder Consent in Lieu of a Meeting] 

ANNEX C 

Conditions to Offer 

Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Annex C have the meanings set forth in the Transaction Agreement to which this Annex
C is attached (the Agreement). Notwithstanding any other provision of the Offer, Parent and Merger Sub shall not be required to accept for payment or, subject to any applicable rules and regulations of the SEC, including Rule 14e-1(c) under the Exchange Act (relating to Parents and Merger Subs obligation to pay for or return tendered Company Shares promptly after termination or withdrawal of the Offer), pay (or cause to be
paid) for any tendered Company Shares, and (subject to the provisions of the Agreement) may not accept for payment any tendered shares if any of the following conditions set forth in this Annex C shall not have been satisfied (or waived by
Parent, if permitted and effective under this Annex C and applicable Law) as of 11:59 p.m., New York City time, on the final Expiration Date following any extensions in accordance with Section 1.1: (i) the Minimum
Condition shall have been satisfied, (ii) no Governmental Entity of competent jurisdiction in the Applicable Jurisdictions shall have enacted or promulgated any Law or Order (whether temporary, preliminary or permanent) to prohibit, restrain,
enjoin or make illegal the consummation of the Offer that remains in effect (the Absence of Legal Constraint Condition), (iii) each Required Approval shall have been (A) obtained, received or deemed to have been received or
(B) in the case of any applicable waiting period, such waiting period shall have terminated or expired, in each case, either unconditionally or subject only to conditions the satisfaction of which would not have a Burdensome Effect (the
Regulatory Condition), (iv) this Agreement shall not have been terminated or (v) the following conditions shall have been satisfied or waived by Parent (if permitted and effective under this Annex C and applicable
Law): 

(a) The representations and warranties of the Company set forth in (i) the first and second sentence of
Section 4.2(a) shall be true and correct in all respects, except for de minimis inaccuracies, in each case, as of the date of the Agreement and as of the Acceptance Time as though made at and as of the Acceptance
Time (except to the extent that any such representation or warranty expressly is made as of an earlier date, in which case, such representation or warranty shall be so true and correct as of such specified date), (ii) the first sentence of
Section 4.1(a), Section 4.3(a), Section 4.19 or Section 4.20 shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date of the Agreement
and as of the Acceptance Time as though made at and as of the Acceptance Time (except to the extent that any such representation or warranty expressly is made as of an earlier date, in which case such representation and warranty shall be true and
correct as of such specified date), and (iii) the other representations and warranties of Article IV shall be true and correct in all respects (without giving effect to any materiality, Company
Material Adverse Effect or similar qualifiers contained in any such representations and warranties) as of the date of the Agreement and as of the Acceptance Time as though made and as of the Acceptance Time (except to the extent that any such
representation or warranty expressly speaks as of an earlier date, in which case such representation and warranty shall be true and correct as of such earlier date), except, in this clause (iii), where the failures of any such representations and
warranties to be so true and correct, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. Parent shall have received a certificate dated as of the date of the Acceptance Time and signed on
behalf of the Company by a duly authorized officer of the Company that the condition set forth in this clause (a) is satisfied. 

C-1 

(b) The Company shall have performed in all material respects its obligations and shall have
complied in all material respects with the agreements and covenants of the Company to be performed and complied with by it under the Agreement as of the Acceptance Time. Parent shall have received a certificate dated as of date of the Acceptance
Time and signed on behalf of the Company by a duly authorized officer of the Company to such effect that the condition set forth in this clause (b) is satisfied. 

(c) Since the date of this Agreement, there shall not have occurred any Company Material Adverse Effect that is continuing. 

(d) The Company shall have obtained the Required SFTA Tax Ruling. 

The foregoing conditions set forth under clauses (i) through (iv), may only be waived by Parent and Merger Sub with the written consent of the Company.
The conditions set forth under clause (v) are for the sole benefit of Parent and Merger Sub and may be waived by Parent or Merger Sub, in whole or in part at any time and from time to time, in the sole and absolute discretion of Parent and
Merger Sub, in each case subject to the terms of the Agreement and applicable Law. The failure of Parent or Merger Sub at any time to exercise any of the foregoing rights shall not be deemed a waiver of any such right and each such right shall be
deemed an ongoing right which may be asserted at any time and from time to time, in each case, at or prior to the expiration of the Offer. 

C-2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d916492dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

EXECUTION VERSION 

TENDER AND
SUPPORT AGREEMENT 

This TENDER AND SUPPORT AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of February 16, 2025, is made
by and among Shift4 Payments, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Parent), and the undersigned shareholders (each, a Shareholder) of Global Blue Group Holding AG, a stock corporation incorporated under the laws of
Switzerland, with its registered office in Zurichstrasse 38, 8306, Bruttisellen, Switzerland (the Company). Parent and each Shareholder are each sometimes referred to herein as a Party and, collectively, as the
Parties. 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS, concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, Parent and the Company are entering into a Transaction Agreement,
dated as of the date hereof, (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with its terms, the Transaction Agreement), pursuant to which, among other things, Merger Sub shall (and Parent
shall cause Merger Sub to) commence a tender offer (the Offer) to acquire all of the outstanding Company Shares, in which Offer each Company Share validly tendered and not properly withdrawn would be purchased for the Common Share
Offer Consideration, the Series A Offer Consideration or the Series B Offer Consideration, as applicable, and following completion of the Offer, and provided that at such time Parent directly or indirectly has acquired or controls at least 90% of
the then outstanding Company Shares, the Company and Merger Sub will consummate a statutory squeeze-out merger pursuant to which the Company shall be merged with and into Merger Sub, with Merger Sub continuing
as the surviving corporation and as a wholly-owned Subsidiary of Parent (the Merger), in each case, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Transaction Agreement; 

WHEREAS, as of the date hereof, each Shareholder Beneficially Owns the Company Common Shares and Company Series A Preferred Shares set forth
on Schedule A (together with any Company Common Shares, Company Series A Preferred Shares and Company Series B Preferred Shares with respect to which such Shareholder or any of its controlled Affiliates acquires Beneficial Ownership of, on or
after the date hereof and prior to the Expiration Time, collectively, such Shareholders Shares); 

WHEREAS,
concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Transaction Agreement, the Specified Shareholders of the Company are entering into tender and support agreements substantially in the form of this Agreement; 

WHEREAS, the Company Board has (a) determined that the Transaction Agreement is in the best interests of, and fair to, the Company and
its shareholders, and declared it advisable for the Company to enter into the Transaction Agreement and effect the Board Modification, (b) adopted the Transaction Agreement and authorized and approved the Offer and the other transactions
contemplated thereby, and (c) resolved to recommend that the shareholders of the Company accept the Offer and tender their Company Shares in the Offer and approve and adopt the Board Modification at the Company Shareholder Meeting subject to
the terms of the Transaction Agreement, and directed that such matters be submitted for consideration by the shareholders of the Company at the Company Shareholder Meeting; and 

WHEREAS, Parent desires that each Shareholder agrees, and each Shareholder is willing to
agree, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, not to Transfer (as defined below) any of its Shares, to accept the offer and tender its Shares in the Offer and to vote all of its Shares in favor of the approval and adoption of
the Board Modification and against any action or proposal that would reasonably be expected to interfere with or delay the timely consummation of the Offer or the Merger. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements set forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows: 

1.
Definitions. This Agreement is a Specified Shareholders Support Agreement as defined in the Transaction Agreement. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms
in the Transaction Agreement. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings indicated below: 

Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble. 

Applicable Period means the period beginning upon the execution and delivery of this Agreement and ending at
11:59 p.m., New York City time, on the day that is the later of (a) the Final Date and (b) the fifth Business Day immediately following Parents receipt (if applicable) of either (i) the final Notice of Company Recommendation
Change (including any new Notice of Recommendation change as a result of any material amendments to the Company Superior Proposal) with respect to a Qualifying Proposal or (ii) the final Notice of Superior Proposal (including any new Notice of
Superior Proposal change as a result of any material amendments to the Company Superior Proposal) with respect to a Qualifying Proposal. For purposes of this definition, the final Notice of Company Recommendation Change and the
final Notice of Company Superior Proposal shall mean the Notice of Company Recommendation Change or the Notice of Company Superior Proposal, as applicable, after which either (x) Parent has not negotiated with the Company to
make adjustments to the terms and conditions of the Transaction Agreement during the applicable period under Section 7.4(e) of the Transaction Agreement in response to a Qualifying Proposal or (y) the Person or group submitting the
Qualifying Proposal has not made a material amendments to the Company Superior Proposal within five Business Days after submitting to the Company such Qualifying Proposal. 

Beneficially Own, Beneficial Ownership or Beneficial Owner shall mean,
with respect to any securities, having beneficial ownership of such securities for purposes of Rule 13d-3 or 13d-5 under the Exchange Act (or any successor
statute or regulation). 

Chosen Courts shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 9.7. 

Company shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble. 

control shall mean the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to direct, or cause the direction of,
the management and policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, voting equity, limited liability company interests, general partner interests, or other voting interests, by contract or otherwise. 

Expiration Time shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 6. 

Final Date means March 4, 2025. 

Governing Documents shall mean, with respect to any Person, such Persons articles or certificate of
association, incorporation, formation or organization, bylaws, limited liability company agreement, partnership agreement or other constituent document or documents, each in its currently effective form as amended from time to time. 

Merger shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 

Non-Recourse Party shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 9.13. 

Offer shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 

Other Shareholder means any other shareholder of the Company entering into a Tender and Support Agreement in
connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreement. 

Other Tender and Support
Agreement means any Tender and Support Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, between Parent and any Other Shareholder. 

Parent shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble. 

Party or Parties shall each have the meaning set forth in the Preamble. 

Qualifying Proposal means a Company Takeover Proposal with respect to which the Company has delivered to
Parent either a Notice of Company Recommendation Change or a Notice of Superior Proposal, in each case, prior to 11:59 p.m., New York City time, on the Final Date. 

Series A Conversion Agreement shall mean the Conversion Agreement, dated as of August 28, 2020, by and
among the Company, Global Blue Holding LP, SL Globetrotter, L.P. and the other holders thereto. 

Shareholder shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 

Shares shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 

Side Arrangements shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.10. 

Transaction Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 

Transfer shall mean, with respect to any Share, any direct or indirect sale, transfer, tender, exchange,
conversion, assignment, pledge, hypothecation, mortgage, license, gift, creation of a security interest in or lien on, placement in trust (voting or otherwise), encumbrance or other disposition of any interest (including the right to vote) in such
Share, as applicable, including those by way of any spin-off (such as through a dividend), hedging or derivative transactions, sale, transfer or assignment of a majority of the equity interest in, or sale,
transfer or assignment of control of, any Person holding such Share, as applicable, merger, consolidation, division, statutory conversion, domestication, transfer or continuance, share exchange, operation of Law, or otherwise. 

2. Certain Agreements. 

2.1 Agreement to Tender. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, each Shareholder shall, and shall cause its controlled
Affiliates to validly tender, or cause to be tendered, in the Offer, as promptly as practicable following the commencement of the Offer (but in any event within ten Business Days following the commencement of the Offer (within the meaning of Rule 14d-2 of the Exchange Act)) all of its Shares pursuant to the terms of the Offer and shall not withdraw, or cause to be withdrawn such Shares at any time, unless and until this Agreement shall have been validly
terminated in accordance with Section 6. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, no later than ten Business Days after the commencement (within the meaning of Rule 14d-2 of
the Exchange Act) of the Offer, each Shareholder shall, and shall cause its controlled Affiliates to deliver pursuant to the terms of the Offer (i) a letter of transmittal with respect to all Shares complying with the terms of the Offer,
(ii) a certificate (or effective affidavit of loss in lieu thereof) representing the Shares or an agents message (or such other evidence, if any, of transfer as the Exchange Agent may reasonably request) in the case of
book-entry evidence and (iii) all other documents or instruments reasonably required to be delivered by shareholders of the Company pursuant to the terms of the Offer or as Parent may reasonably require or request in order to effect the valid
tender of the Shares in accordance with the terms of the Offer or cause such Shareholders broker or such other Person that is the holder of record of any Shares Beneficially Owned by such Shareholder to validly tender such Shares pursuant to
and in accordance with this Section 2.1 and the terms of the Offer. If the Offer is terminated or withdrawn by Merger Sub in accordance with the Transaction Agreement or the Transaction Agreement is terminated in accordance
with Article IX thereof prior to the purchase of the Shares in the Offer, Parent and Merger Sub shall promptly return, and shall cause any depository or paying agent, acting on behalf of Parent and Merger Sub, to promptly return all tendered Shares
to such Shareholder. 

2.2 Agreement to Vote. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, each Shareholder hereby
irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that from the date hereof and until the Expiration Time, at any meeting of shareholders of the Company called to vote upon the Board Modification, including the Company Shareholder Meeting, or at any
adjournment or postponement thereof or in any other circumstances upon which a vote, consent or approval is sought with respect to the Board Modification, such Shareholder shall, and shall cause its controlled Affiliates to, in each case (whether by
proxy or in person), to the fullest extent that the Shares are entitled to vote thereon be present and vote (or cause to be voted), or deliver (or cause to be delivered) a written consent with respect to all of its Shares (w) in favor of the
adoption and approval of the Board Modification and any other proposal required for the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreement, (x) against any proposal, motion, action, agreement or transaction that would
reasonably be expected to (A) directly result in a breach of any covenant, representation or warranty or any other obligation or agreement of the Company contained in the Transaction Agreement, or of such Shareholder contained in this Agreement
or (B) 

result in any of the conditions set forth in Annex C of the Transaction Agreement not being satisfied prior to the End Date; (y) against any change in the Company Board (other than the Board
Modification or in the event of a directors death or resignation, to fill the vacancy created thereby); and (z) against any Company Takeover Proposal and against any other action, agreement or transaction involving the Company that would
reasonably be expected to materially impede, materially delay or prevent the consummation of the Offer, including (1) any proposal to authorize, declare, set aside, make or pay any dividends on, or make other distributions in respect of, any of
its share capital; (2) any proposal to adjust, split, combine or reclassify any of its share capital, or any other securities in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for, shares of its share capital; (3) any amendment or proposal to
amend the articles of association of the Company (except for amendments to the Companys articles of association incidental to or in connection with the issue of Company Common Shares permitted pursuant to Section 6.1(b) of the Transaction
Agreement or cancellations of Company Shares held in treasury); (4) any restriction on the transferability of shares; (5) any sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company (faktische Liquidation); and (6) any merger,
demerger or similar reorganization of the Company, in each case of the foregoing clauses (1) through (6), if such actions would reasonably be expected to materially impede, materially delay or prevent the consummation of the Offer. If and to
the extent the Company convenes any general meeting, such Shareholder has the right to vote in favor of the proposals by the Company Board with respect to the items to be included by law in the agenda of such general meeting to the extent otherwise
permitted by this Section 2.2. 

2.3 Waiver of Appraisal Rights. Each Shareholder hereby
irrevocably and unconditionally waives and agrees to cause to be waived and to prevent the exercise of or any demand related to, any rights of appraisal or any dissenters rights in respect of the Shares that exist in relation to the Offer, the
Merger and/or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreement. 

2.4 [Intentionally Omitted.] 

2.5 No Solicitation by Each Shareholder. From and after the execution of this Agreement and until the Expiration Time,
each Shareholder shall not, and shall cause its Subsidiaries not to, and shall cause its and its Subsidiaries respective directors, officers, employees and Representatives not to, directly or indirectly, (i) solicit, initiate, propose,
knowingly encourage or knowingly facilitate any inquiry, discussion, offer or request that constitutes, or would reasonably be expected to lead to a Company Takeover Proposal, (ii) enter into, continue, initiate or otherwise participate in any
discussions (except to notify a Person of the existence of the provisions of this Section 2.5 and Section 7.4 of the Transaction Agreement) or negotiations regarding, or furnish to any Person (other than to Parent and
its Representatives) any non-public information regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or afford to any Person (other than to Parent and its Representatives) access to the properties, books, records,
officers or personnel of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with any Company Takeover Proposal or any inquiry, discussion or request that would reasonably be expected to lead to a Company Takeover Proposal, (iii) approve,
endorse, adopt or recommend, or publicly propose to approve, endorse, adopt or recommend, any Company Takeover Proposal or submit to the vote of 

its shareholders any Company Takeover Proposal before the termination of this Agreement in accordance with its terms or (iv) enter into or execute, or approve or recommend or publicly
propose to approve or recommend the entering into of any letter of intent, memorandum of understanding, amalgamation or merger agreement or other agreement, arrangement or understanding relating to any Company Takeover Proposal before the
termination of this Agreement in accordance its terms (other than a Company Acceptable Confidentiality Agreement) or (v) formally authorize any of, or commit, resolve or agree to do any of, the foregoing. Upon the execution of this Agreement
until the Expiration Time, each Shareholder shall and shall cause its Subsidiaries and each of its and their respective directors, officers and employees to, and shall direct, and use its reasonable best efforts to cause its other Representatives to
immediately cease any existing solicitation, encouragement, discussions or negotiations with any Person or group relating to any Company Takeover Proposal or any discussion that would reasonably be expected to lead to a Company Takeover Proposal.
Any violation of the restrictions set forth in this Section 2.5 by any Representative of a Shareholder shall be deemed to be a breach of this Section 2.5 by such Shareholder. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein, (i) this Section 2.5 shall not restrict a Shareholder from (A) taking any action or doing anything that the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is permitted to do in accordance with
the terms of Section 7.4 of the Transaction Agreement, (B) sharing with the Company Board any Company Takeover Proposal received by such Shareholder; provided that such Company Takeover Proposal referenced in this clause
(B) was not received in violation of this Section 2.5 or (C) communicating with Other Shareholders of the Company that are party to an Other Tender and Support Agreement so long as such communications would not
reasonably be expected to require such Shareholder, any Other Shareholder or the Company to make any public disclosure, and (ii) such Shareholder shall under no circumstances be liable for any actions taken or any failure to act by the Company
under or in respect of the Transaction Agreement or the transactions contemplated thereby. For purposes of this Agreement, none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries shall be deemed to be a Subsidiary or a Representative of a Shareholder for any
purpose hereunder. 

2.6 Company Takeover Proposal. From and after the execution of this Agreement and until the
Expiration Time, each Shareholder shall not submit to the Company or the Company Board, or publicly propose, any Company Takeover Proposal. For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing shall not restrict each Shareholder from sharing with the Company
Board any Company Takeover Proposal received by such Shareholder in compliance with Section 2.5. 

2.7 Regulatory Cooperation. From and after the execution of this Agreement and until the Expiration Time, each
Shareholder shall provide any information of the type customarily provided to a Governmental Entity by a Person similarly situated to such Shareholder to the extent necessary to obtain each Required Approval pursuant to the Transaction Agreement, in
each case as promptly as reasonably practicable after any request by Parent or the Company; provided that such Shareholder shall not be required to provide any information that is subject to attorney-client privilege, confidentiality
obligations or legal restrictions to which such Shareholder or its Affiliates are bound. 

2.8 Termination of Contracts. Each Shareholder hereby agrees with
Parent that, at or prior to the Acceptance Time, except as otherwise may be agreed in writing by Parent, such Shareholder shall take actions within its control to terminate or sign such agreements as are necessary to terminate the contracts set
forth on Schedule B; provided that such termination shall be effective upon occurrence of the Acceptance Time. 

2.9 Accession of Rights and Obligations. Subject to and conditioned upon the occurrence of the Acceptance Time,
(a) each Shareholder shall assign its rights and obligations pursuant to the Series A Conversion Agreement to Merger Sub and (b) Parent shall cause Merger Sub to enter into a joinder to the Series A Conversion Agreement pursuant to the
Series A Conversion Agreement and the Company Articles, as applicable. 

2.10 Other Tender and Support Agreements.
Parent will not, and will cause each of its controlled Affiliates not to, amend, modify, waive or terminate any provision of any Other Tender and Support Agreement, or enter into any other agreement (including side letters) that is inconsistent in a
material respect with this Agreement or the other Tender and Support Agreements, as applicable, with any Other Shareholders (collectively Side Arrangements), in each case, without the prior written consent of each Shareholder.
Each Other Shareholder shall be an express third-party beneficiary of this Section 2.10 and shall be entitled to enforce this Section 2.10. 

3. Agreement Not to Transfer or Encumber. Each Shareholder hereby agrees with Parent that, from the date hereof until the Expiration
Time, it shall not, directly or indirectly, (i) Transfer (or enter into any contract related to the Transfer of) any of its Shares or any right, title or interest therein, (ii) deposit any of its Shares into a voting trust or enter into a
voting agreement, voting trust or arrangement with respect to any Shares, as applicable, (iii) grant a proxy or power of attorney or other authorization or consent with respect to the Shares, (iv) enter into any agreement or take any
action that would make any covenant, agreement, representation or warranty of such Shareholder contained herein untrue, incorrect, ineffective or unenforceable in any material respect or have the effect of preventing such Shareholder from performing
any of its obligations under this Agreement, or (v) approve or consent to any of the foregoing; provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, such Shareholder may Transfer Shares (A) to an Affiliate of such Shareholder that,
concurrently with such Transfer, executes a joinder substantially in the form attached hereto as Annex I, (B) to any custodian or nominee in connection with the tender of Shares in the Offer, or (C) in order to tender Shares in the
Offer as provided hereunder and under the Transaction Agreement. Any Transfer or attempted Transfer of any Shares in violation of this Section 3 shall be null and void ab initio. If any involuntary Transfer of any of
the Shares shall occur (including a sale by a Shareholders trustee in any bankruptcy, or a sale to a purchaser at any creditors or court sale), the transferee (which term, as used herein, shall include any and all transferees and
subsequent transferees of the initial transferee) shall take and hold such Shares subject to all of the restrictions, liabilities and rights under this Agreement, which shall continue in full force and effect until valid termination of this
Agreement in accordance with Section 6. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, each Shareholder shall be permitted to grant a proxy or power of attorney or other authorization or consent to the Companys
independent proxy (as elected on the annual general meeting of the shareholders of the Company) on the Companys official proxy card to vote the Shares in a manner consistent with the terms of this Agreement. 

4. Representations, Warranties and Covenants of Each Shareholder. Each Shareholder
hereby represents and warrants to Parent as follows: 

4.1 The Shareholder has all requisite power and authority to execute
and deliver this Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder. The Shareholder is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing in accordance with the laws of its jurisdiction of formation, as applicable. The execution and delivery by
the Shareholder of this Agreement and the performance of its obligations hereunder have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action in accordance with the Shareholders Governing Documents, as applicable. This
Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Shareholder and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement by Parent and in case of the Company Series B Preferred Shares and the Company Series A Preferred Shares
approval by the Company Board on the transfer, constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Shareholder, except to the extent that enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting the
enforcement of creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforcement is considered in a proceeding at law or at equity). 

4.2 The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Shareholder and the performance of its obligations hereunder will not
constitute or result in (i) a breach or violation of, or a default under, the Governing Documents of the Shareholder, (ii) a breach or violation of, a termination (or right of termination) or default under, the creation or acceleration of
any obligations under, or the creation of a Lien on any of the assets of by the Shareholder (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) pursuant to, any agreement, lease, license, contract, note, mortgage, indenture, arrangement or other
obligation binding upon by the Shareholder, or (iii) a conflict with, breach or violation of any Law applicable to by the Shareholder or by which its properties are bound or affected, except, in the case of clauses (ii) or (iii), for any
breach, violation, termination, default, creation or acceleration that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to impair the ability of by the Shareholder to perform its obligations under this Agreement on a timely basis.

4.3 As of the date hereof, the Shareholder (i) Beneficially Owns the Shares and has good and marketable title to all
such Shares, free and clear of any and all Liens, other than those that may be created by this Agreement and (ii) has sole voting power over and sole power to issue instructions with respect to the matters set forth herein and the right to
consent (or cause to consent) to all of the matters set forth in this Agreement, in each case, with respect to all of such Shares. 

4.4 Except as contemplated by this Agreement, the Voting Agreement, dated as of September 7, 2020, by and among SL
Globetrotter, L.P., Global Blue Holding LP and Antfin (Hong Kong) Holding Limited, as amended by the Amendment and Joinder Agreement to the Voting Agreement, dated as of December 28, 2024, by and among SL Globetrotter, L.P., Global Blue Holding
LP, Antfin (Hong Kong) Holding Limited and Ant International Technologies (Hong Kong) Holding Limited, the Voting Agreement, dated as of May 5, 2022, by and among SL Globetrotter, L.P., Global Blue Holding L.P., CK Opportunities Fund I, LP, and
CK Opportunities Wolverine S. r.l. (pursuant to that certain 

Affiliate Joinder Agreement to the Voting Agreement by CK Opportunities Wolverine S. r.l. dated as of May 23, 2022), the Shareholders Agreement, dated as of August 28,
2020, by and among Global Blue Holding LP, SL Globetrotter, L.P., the Managers thereto and Thomas W. Farley, the Amended and Restated Investor Agreement, dated as of August 28, 2020, by and among SL Globetrotter, L.P., Global Blue Holding LP,
GL Globetrotter GP, Ltd., Partners Group Private Equity (Master Fund), LLC, Partners Group Barrier Reef, L.P., Partners Group Client Access 5 L.P. Inc., and Global Blue Investment & Co S.C.A., and the Second Amended and Restated
Relationship Agreement, dated as of September 7, 2020, by and among Global Blue Group Holding AG, SL Globetrotter, L.P. and Antfin (Hong Kong) Holding Limited, as amended by the Amendment and Joinder Agreement to the Second Amended and Restated
Relationship Agreement, dated December 28, 2024, by and among Global Blue Group Holdings AG, SL Globetrotter, L.P., Antfin (Hong Kong) Holding Limited, and Ant International Technologies (Hong Kong) Holding Limited, as applicable, the
Shareholder has not entered into any tender, voting or other agreement or arrangement, or proxy or power of attorney, with respect to any of its Shares or entered into any other contract relating to the voting of any of its Shares. Any and all
proxies in respect of the Shares in effect prior to the date hereof are revocable, and such proxies either have been revoked prior to the date hereof or are hereby revoked. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this
Section 4.4 shall limit the ability of the Shareholder to grant a proxy or power of attorney, or issue voting instructions, to the Companys independent proxy in accordance with Section 3 and
the applicable Swiss Law. 

4.5 As of the date hereof, there is no Action pending or, to the knowledge of the Shareholder,
threatened against or affecting the Shareholder that, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to materially impair the ability of the Shareholder to perform its obligations under this Agreement or to consummate the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement on a timely basis. 

4.6 The Shareholder hereby authorizes Parent to publish and
disclose in any announcement or disclosure in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreement, including the Other Parent Filings and the Other Company Filings, its identity and ownership of its Shares consistent with
public filings made by the Shareholder and the nature of its obligations under this Agreement, and agrees that it shall promptly furnish to Parent any information reasonably available to the Shareholder that Parent may reasonably request for the
preparation of any such announcement or disclosure in order to comply with applicable Law and notify Parent of any required corrections with respect to any written information supplied by it specifically for use in any such announcement or
disclosure, if and to the extent that any such information contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 

4.7 The Shareholder (i) has been represented by or has had
the opportunity to be represented by, independent counsel of its own choice, and has had the full right and opportunity to consult with its attorney and avail itself of this opportunity, (ii) has received, and reviewed and fully understands
this Agreement and the Transaction Agreement, and has had the opportunity to have the Agreement and the Transaction Agreement fully 

explained by counsel of its choosing, and is fully aware of the contents thereof and its meaning, intent and legal effect, and (iii) is competent to execute this Agreement and has executed
this Agreement free from coercion, duress or undue influence. The Shareholder understands and acknowledges that Parent is entering into the Transaction Agreement in reliance upon the Shareholders execution, delivery and performance of this
Agreement. 

4.8 The Shareholder irrevocably confirms that no special meetings of the holders of the Company Series A
Preferred Shares are required under the Company Articles in connection with the Offer. 

4.9 The Offer Consideration to be
paid in respect of each of the Company Common Shares and the Company Series A Shares in the Offer to the Shareholder, as applicable, is not in breach with any liquidation preference, preferential treatment or payment in respect thereof and is in
compliance in all material respects with the Series A Conversion Agreement. 

5. Representations, Warranties and Covenants of
Parent. Parent hereby represents and warrants to each Shareholder as follows: 

5.1 Parent has all requisite power and
authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder. Parent is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing in accordance with the laws of its jurisdiction of formation, as applicable. The execution and
delivery by Parent of this Agreement and the performance of its obligations hereunder have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action in accordance with Parents Governing Documents, as applicable. This
Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Parent and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Shareholder and in case of the Company Series B Preferred Shares and the Company Series A Preferred Shares
approval by the Company Board on the transfer, constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of Parent, except to the extent that enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting the enforcement of
creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforcement is considered in a proceeding at law or at equity). 

5.2 The execution and delivery of this Agreement by Parent and the performance of its obligations hereunder will not constitute
or result in (i) a breach or violation of, or a default under, the Governing Documents of Parent, (ii) a breach or violation of, a termination (or right of termination) or default under, the creation or acceleration of any obligations
under, or the creation of a Lien on any of the assets of by Parent (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) pursuant to, any agreement, lease, license, contract, note, mortgage, indenture, arrangement or other obligation binding upon by
Parent, or (iii) a conflict with, breach or violation of any Law applicable to by Parent or by which its properties are bound or affected, except, in the case of clauses (ii) or (iii), for any breach, violation, termination, default,
creation or acceleration that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to impair the ability of Parent to perform its obligations under this Agreement on a timely basis. 

5.3 Parent has or has caused to be provided to the Shareholder true, correct and complete copies of (i) the Other Tender
and Support Agreements, and (ii) neither Parent nor its Affiliates have entered into any Side Arrangement without the prior written consent of the Shareholder. 

6. Termination. This Agreement shall terminate and shall have no further force or
effect (i) (A) during the Applicable Period, (x) immediately, upon written notice by a Shareholder to Parent, if there has been a Company Change of Recommendation or (y) immediately upon termination of the Transaction Agreement in
accordance with Section 9.1(e) or Section 9.1(g) and (B) from and after the expiration of the Applicable Period, on the date that is (1) three months following the termination of the Transaction Agreement, if the Transaction
Agreement is terminated in accordance with Section 9.1(e) or (2) five months following the termination of the Transaction Agreement, if the Transaction Agreement is terminated in accordance with Section 9.1(f) (solely to the extent
resulting from Willful Breach by the Company) or Section 9.1(g) thereof, in each case of clauses (1) and (2), except with respect to Section 2.1, Section 2.2 (other than each
Shareholders obligation to vote (or cause to be voted), or deliver (or cause to be delivered) a written consent, against any Company Takeover Proposal as set forth in clause (z) thereof), Section 2.3,
Section 2.7, Section 2.8 and Section 2.9, each of which shall terminate immediately upon termination of the Transaction Agreement, (ii) immediately upon termination
of the Transaction Agreement, if the Transaction Agreement is terminated in accordance with Section 9.1(a), Section 9.1(b), Section 9.1(c), Section 9.1(d), Section 9.1(f) (other than as described in the foregoing clause
(i) of this Section 6) or Section 9.1(h) thereof, (iii) immediately as of and following the Acceptance Time, or (iv) immediately, upon written notice by a Shareholder to Parent, if there has been any
modification, waiver or amendment to any provision of the Transaction Agreement that reduces or changes the form of Offer Consideration to be paid in respect of the Shares (in each case, without such Shareholders prior written consent) (the
date that any such termination is effective pursuant to clauses (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) of this Section 6, the Expiration Time). Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall relieve any Party
hereto from liability for any breach of this Agreement that occurred prior to such termination. 

7. Duties. Each Shareholder is
entering into this Agreement solely in its capacity as Beneficial Owner of the Shares, and nothing in this Agreement shall apply to any Person serving in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the Company. Parent acknowledges that
investment professionals affiliated with such Shareholder may serve on the Company Board and agrees that any actions taken by a director or officer of the Company in his or her capacity as such shall not constitute actions taken by or on behalf of
any Shareholder. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to prohibit a Person (or be construed to create any obligation on such Person) who is an officer or member of the Company Board from taking any action (or
failure to act) in his or her capacity as an officer or member of the Company Board or from taking any action with respect to any Company Takeover Proposal in his or her capacity as an officer or director of the Company or in the exercise of his or
her duties in his or her capacity as director or officer of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and no action taken in any such capacity as an officer or director of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries shall be deemed to constitute a breach of
this Agreement. 

8. No Ownership Interest. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to vest
in Parent or any of its direct or indirect owners any direct or indirect ownership or incidence of ownership of or with respect to the Shares. All rights, ownership and economic benefits of and relating to the Shares shall remain vested in and
belong to each Shareholder, as applicable, and neither Parent nor any of its direct or indirect owners shall have the authority to direct such Shareholder in the voting or disposition of any Shares, except as otherwise expressly provided herein.

9. Miscellaneous. 

9.1 Enforcement. The Parties agree that money damages would be both incalculable and an insufficient remedy and that
irreparable damage would occur if any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed that each of the Parties shall be entitled to specific
performance, an injunction or other equitable relief to prevent breaches or violations of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of this Agreement in any Chosen Court. Moreover, and in recognition of the foregoing, each
of the Parties hereby waives (a) any defense in any action for specific performance of this Agreement that a remedy at Law would be adequate or that a remedy of specific performance is unenforceable, invalid, contrary to Law or inequitable for
any reason and (b) any requirement under any Law for any Party to post security as a prerequisite to obtaining equitable relief. Each Party acknowledges and agrees that the agreements contained in this Section 9.1 are
an integral part of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and that, without these agreements, the other Party would not enter into this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Parties hereby agree that
specific performance or injunctive relief pursuant to this Section 9.1 shall be the sole and exclusive remedy with respect to breaches or threatened breaches by each Shareholder under this Agreement, and neither Parent nor
any of its Affiliates may pursue or accept any other form of relief (including monetary damages or reimbursement) that may be available at law or in equity for any breach or violation of this Agreement. 

9.2 Assignment. Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations of the Parties hereunder shall be
assigned by any of the Parties (whether by operation of Law or otherwise) without the prior written consent of the other Party, which may be granted or withheld in the sole discretion of the other Party. Any attempt to make any such assignment
without such consent shall be null and void. Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement shall be binding upon, inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns. 

9.3 No Rights or Obligations of the Company: The undertakings and representations and warranties by each Shareholder
contained herein are for the sole benefit of and can only be enforced by Parent and do not create any rights for or obligations by the Company to such Shareholder or the Parent, as the case may be. The Company may rely on the confirmation set forth
in Section 4.8. 

9.4 Amendment. This Agreement may not be amended, modified or
supplemented in any manner, whether by course of conduct or otherwise, except by an instrument in writing specifically designated as an amendment hereto, signed on behalf of each of the Parties in interest at the time of the amendment. 

9.5 Notices. All notices and other communications hereunder shall be
in writing and shall be deemed duly given and properly received on the date of delivery if delivered personally, when received when sent by email by the Party to be notified; provided that no bounceback or notice of non-delivery is received or when delivered by a courier (with confirmation of delivery). All notices hereunder shall be delivered as set forth below or under such other instructions as may be designated in writing
by the Party to receive such notice. 

(i) 

if to Parent, to: 

Shift4 Payments, Inc. 

3501 Corporate Parkway 

Center Valley, PA 18034 

Email: tlauber@shift4.com 

jfrankel@shift4.com 

Attention: Taylor Lauber 

Jordan Frankel 

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: 

Latham & Watkins LLP 

1271 Avenue of the Americas 

New York, NY 10020 

Email: andrew.elken@lw.com 

leah.sauter@lw.com 

Attention: Andrew Elken 

Leah Sauter 

(ii) 

if to the Shareholders, to: 

c/o Maples Corporate Services Limited PO Box 309, 

Ugland House 

Grand Cayman, KY1-1104

Cayman Islands 

Email: LegalStaff-UK@silverlake.com

Attention: Legal Depart. 

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: 

c/o Silver Lake Europe LLP 

Broadbent House, 65 Grosvenor Street 

London W1K 3LH 

Email: LegalStaff-UK@silverlake.com

Attention: Legal Depart. 

and 

Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP 

425 Lexington Avenue 

New York, NY 10017 

Email: ecooper@stblaw.com 

mark.viera@stblaw.com 

Attention: Elizabeth A. Cooper 

Mark C. Viera 

9.6 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, interpreted and construed with regard to, in all respects,
including as to validity, interpretation and effect, the Laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to its principles or rules of conflict of laws. The Merger Agreement shall be governed by, interpreted and construed with regard to, in all
respects, including as to validity, interpretation and effect, the Laws of Switzerland, without giving effect to its principles or rules of conflict of laws. 

9.7 Submission to Jurisdiction. Each Party irrevocably and unconditionally consents, agrees and submits to the exclusive
jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (and appropriate appellate courts therefrom) (the Chosen Courts), for the purposes of any Action with respect to the subject matter hereof (other than the Merger
Agreement, which shall be interpreted, construed, governed and enforced as set forth therein). Each Party agrees to commence any Action relating hereto only in the State of Delaware, or if such Action may not be brought in such court for reasons of
subject matter jurisdiction, in the other appellate courts therefrom or other courts of the State of Delaware. Each Party irrevocably and unconditionally waives any objection to the laying of venue of any Action with respect to the subject matter
hereof (other than the Merger Agreement, which shall be interpreted, construed, governed and enforced as set forth therein) in the Chosen Courts, and hereby further irrevocably and unconditionally waives and agrees not to plead or claim in any such
court that any such Action brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. Each Party further irrevocably and unconditionally consents to and grants any such court jurisdiction over the Person of such Parties and, to the extent
legally effective, over the subject matter of any such dispute and agrees that mailing of process or other documents in connection with any such Action in the manner provided in Section 9.5 hereof or in such other manner as
may be permitted by applicable Law, shall be valid and sufficient service thereof. The Parties agree that a final judgment in any such Action shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other
manner provided by applicable Law; provided, however, that nothing in the foregoing shall restrict any partys rights to seek any post-judgment relief regarding, or any appeal from such final trial court judgment. 

9.8 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH OF THE PARTIES HEREBY WAIVES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW ANY
RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY WITH RESPECT TO ANY LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THE MERGER. EACH OF THE PARTIES HEREBY CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR

ATTORNEY OF THE OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT HAS
BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT, AS APPLICABLE, BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 9.8. 

9.9 Interpretation. The Parties have participated jointly in negotiating and drafting this Agreement. If an ambiguity or
a question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the Parties, and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any Party by virtue of the authorship of any provision
of this Agreement. When a reference is made in this Agreement to sections or subsections, such reference shall be to a section or subsection of this Agreement unless otherwise indicated. The headings contained in this Agreement are for reference
purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. Whenever the words include, includes or including are used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by
the words without limitation unless otherwise indicated. The words herein, hereof, hereunder and words of similar import shall be deemed to refer to this Agreement as a whole, including the schedules
and annexes hereto, and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. Any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. References to CHF in this Agreement are to the lawful currency of Switzerland.
References to any agreement shall be deemed to include the exhibits, schedules and annexes to such agreement, together with all amendments thereto. References to any Law shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending,
replacing, supplementing or interpreting such Law. Time periods within or following which any act is to be done shall be calculated by excluding the day on which the period commences and including the day on which the period ends and by extending
the period to the next Business Day following if the last day of the period is not a Business Day. 

9.10 Entire
Agreement; Third-Party Beneficiaries. 

(a) This Agreement (including the documents and the instruments referred to
herein) constitutes the entire agreement among the Parties and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. 

(b) This Agreement is not intended to, and shall not, confer upon any other Person any rights or remedies hereunder, except as
set forth in or contemplated by the terms and provisions of Section 9.3 and Section 9.13. 

9.11 Severability. Any term or provision of this Agreement that is invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall,
as to that jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability and shall not render invalid or unenforceable the remaining terms and provisions of this Agreement or affect the validity or enforceability of any of the
terms or provisions of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction. If any provision of this Agreement is so broad as to be unenforceable, the provision shall be interpreted to be only so broad as is enforceable. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in this Agreement, this Agreement shall not be interpreted without giving effect to Section 9.1 and Section 9.13. 

9.12 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in separate
counterparts, each of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when each of the Parties has delivered a signed counterpart to the other Party, it being understood that all Parties need not sign the same
counterpart. Delivery of an executed signature page of this Agreement by electronic transmission or electronic .pdf, including using generally recognized e-signature technology (e.g., DocuSign or
Adobe Sign), shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof. 

9.13 Non-Recourse. Notwithstanding anything that may be expressed or implied in this Agreement or any document or instrument delivered in connection herewith, by its acceptance of the benefits of this Agreement, each
Shareholder and Parent each covenant, agree and acknowledge that no Persons other than the Parties hereto have any liabilities, obligations, commitments (whether known or unknown or whether contingent or otherwise) hereunder, and that each Party has
no right of recovery under this Agreement, or any claim based on such liabilities, obligations, commitments against, and no personal liability shall attach to, the former, current or future equity holders, controlling persons, directors, officers,
employees, agents, Affiliates, members, managers or general or limited partners of any of either Party or any former, current or future equity holder, controlling person, director, officer, employee, general or limited partner, member, manager,
Affiliate or agent of any of the foregoing (collectively, but not including the Parties hereto, each a Non-Recourse Party), through the other Party or otherwise, whether by or through
attempted piercing of the corporate veil, by or through a claim by or on behalf of the other Party against any Non-Recourse Party, by the enforcement of any assessment or by any legal or equitable proceeding,
by virtue of any statute, regulation or Law, or otherwise. Without limiting the foregoing, no claim will be brought or maintained by each Shareholder, Parent or any of its Affiliates or any of their respective successors or permitted assigns against
any Non-Recourse Party that is not otherwise expressly identified as a Party to this Agreement, and no recourse will be brought or granted against any of them, by virtue of or based upon any alleged
misrepresentation or inaccuracy in or breach or nonperformance of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements of any Party set forth or contained in this Agreement, any exhibit or schedule hereto, any other document contemplated
hereby or any certificate, instrument, opinion, agreement or other document of the other Party or any other Person delivered hereunder. The Non-Recourse Parties shall be express third-party beneficiaries of
this Section 9.13. 

9.14 Fees and Expenses. All Expenses incurred in connection with this
Agreement, the Transaction Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby shall be paid by the party incurring such Expense, except as otherwise expressly provided in the Transaction Agreement. 

9.15 Affiliated Entities. If any controlled Affiliate of a
Shareholder becomes a Beneficial Owner of Shares on or after the date hereof, such Shareholder shall give Parent a written notice thereof as promptly as practicable in advance of such controlled Affiliate becoming a Beneficial Owner and such
controlled Affiliate shall, and such Shareholder shall cause such controlled Affiliate to, promptly (and in advance of such controlled Affiliate becoming a Beneficial Owner) execute a joinder to this Agreement substantially in the form attached
hereto as Annex I, to ensure that such controlled Affiliate is subject to the obligations under this Agreement applicable to such Shareholder and that such Shares are subject to this Agreement. 

9.16 Several Liability. Each obligation described herein of the Shareholders or any Shareholder, as the case may be,
shall be a several (and not joint or joint and several) liability of each Shareholder. No Shareholder shall have any liability whatsoever for any action or inaction of any other Shareholder party hereto. 

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the
date first above written. 

SHIFT4 PAYMENTS, INC.

By: 

/s/ Taylor Lauber

Name: Taylor Lauber

Title: President

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO TENDER
AND SUPPORT AGREEMENT] 

SL GLOBETROTTER, L.P.

By: SL Globetrotter GP, Ltd., its general partner

By: 

/s/ Joseph Osnoss

Name: Joseph Osnoss

Title: Director

GLOBAL BLUE HOLDING LP

By: SL Globetrotter GP, Ltd., its general partner

By: 

/s/ Joseph Osnoss

Name: Joseph Osnoss

Title: Director

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO TENDER
AND SUPPORT AGREEMENT] 

Annex I 

Form of Joinder 

The
undersigned is executing and delivering this joinder agreement (this Joinder) pursuant to that certain Tender and Support Agreement, dated as of February 16, 2025 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from
time to time in accordance with its terms, the Support Agreement) by and among Shift4 Payments, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Parent), and [] (the Shareholder), a shareholder of Global
Blue Group Holding AG, a stock corporation incorporated under the laws of Switzerland, with its registered office in Zurichstrasse 38, 8306, Bruttisellen, Switzerland (the Company). Capitalized terms used but not defined in this
Joinder shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in the Support Agreement. 

By executing and delivering this Joinder to
the Support Agreement, the undersigned hereby adopts and approves the Support Agreement and agrees, effective commencing on the date hereof and as a condition to the undersigned becoming a Beneficial Owner of Shares, to become a Party to, and to be
bound by and comply with the provisions of, the Support Agreement applicable to the Shareholder in the same manner as if the undersigned were an original signatory to the Support Agreement. 

The undersigned hereby represents and warrants that it is a controlled Affiliate of
[]1. 

Section 9 of the Support Agreement is hereby incorporated herein by
reference, mutatis mutandis. 

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

1 

The Shareholder transferring Shares. 

Accordingly, the undersigned has executed and delivered this Joinder as of the
day of , .

[TRANSFEREE]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Notice Information

Address:

Email:

Schedule A 

Shares 

Name and Address of

Shareholder Number of Company

Common Shares Number of Company Series

A Preferred Shares

SL Globetrotter, L.P.

Maples Corporate Services Limited,

PO Box 309, Ugland House, Grand Cayman,

KY1-1104, Cayman Islands 91,230,811 11,970,487

Global Blue Holding LP

Maples Corporate Services Limited, PO Box 309,

Ugland House, Grand Cayman,

KY1-1104, Cayman Islands 34,871,499 4,939,137

Schedule B 

Related Party Agreements 

1. 

SL Globetrotter L.P. Board Advisor Agreement, dated as of August 28, 2020, by and between Silver Lake
Management Company III, LLC and the Company. 

2. 

Share Purchase and Investment Agreement, dated as of November 16, 2023, by and among the Company, Tencent
Mobility Limited, SL Globetrotter L.P., Global Blue Holding L.P. and the other parties from time to time party thereto (incorporated by reference).
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d916492dex102.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
EX-10.2

Exhibit 10.2 

EXECUTION VERSION 

TENDER AND
SUPPORT AGREEMENT 

This TENDER AND SUPPORT AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of February 16, 2025, is made
by and among Shift4 Payments, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Parent), and the undersigned shareholder (the Shareholder) of Global Blue Group Holding AG, a stock corporation incorporated under the laws of
Switzerland, with its registered office in Zurichstrasse 38, 8306, Bruttisellen, Switzerland (the Company). Parent and the Shareholder are each sometimes referred to herein as a Party and, collectively, as the
Parties. 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS, concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, Parent and the Company are entering into a Transaction Agreement,
dated as of the date hereof, (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with its terms, the Transaction Agreement), pursuant to which, among other things, Merger Sub shall (and Parent
shall cause Merger Sub to) commence a tender offer (the Offer) to acquire all of the outstanding Company Shares, in which Offer each Company Share validly tendered and not properly withdrawn would be purchased for the Common Share
Offer Consideration, the Series A Offer Consideration or the Series B Offer Consideration, as applicable, and following completion of the Offer, and provided that at such time Parent directly or indirectly has acquired or controls at least 90% of
the then outstanding Company Shares, the Company and Merger Sub will consummate a statutory squeeze-out merger pursuant to which the Company shall be merged with and into Merger Sub, with Merger Sub continuing
as the surviving corporation and as a wholly-owned Subsidiary of Parent (the Merger), in each case, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Transaction Agreement; 

WHEREAS, as of the date hereof, the Shareholder Beneficially Owns the Company Common Shares set forth on Schedule A (together with any
Company Common Shares, Company Series A Preferred Shares and Company Series B Preferred Shares with respect to which the Shareholder or any of its controlled Affiliates acquires Beneficial Ownership of, on or after the date hereof and prior to the
Expiration Time, collectively, the Shareholders Shares); 

WHEREAS, concurrently with the execution and delivery
of this Agreement and the Transaction Agreement, the Specified Shareholders of the Company are entering into tender and support agreements substantially in the form of this Agreement; 

WHEREAS, the Company Board has (a) determined that the Transaction Agreement is in the best interests of, and fair to, the Company and
its shareholders, and declared it advisable for the Company to enter into the Transaction Agreement and effect the Board Modification, (b) adopted the Transaction Agreement and authorized and approved the Offer and the other transactions
contemplated thereby, and (c) resolved to recommend that the shareholders of the Company accept the Offer and tender their Company Shares in the Offer and approve and adopt the Board Modification at the Company Shareholder Meeting subject to
the terms of the Transaction Agreement, and directed that such matters be submitted for consideration by the shareholders of the Company at the Company Shareholder Meeting; and 

WHEREAS, Parent desires that the Shareholder agrees, and the Shareholder is willing to
agree, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, not to Transfer (as defined below) any of its Shares, to accept the offer and tender its Shares in the Offer and to vote all of its Shares in favor of the approval and adoption of
the Board Modification and against any action or proposal that would reasonably be expected to interfere with or delay the timely consummation of the Offer or the Merger. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements set forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows: 

1.
Definitions. This Agreement is a Specified Shareholders Support Agreement as defined in the Transaction Agreement. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms
in the Transaction Agreement. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings indicated below: 

Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble. 

Applicable Period means the period beginning upon the execution and delivery of this Agreement and ending at
11:59 p.m., New York City time, on the day that is the later of (a) the Final Date and (b) the fifth Business Day immediately following Parents receipt (if applicable) of either (i) the final Notice of Company Recommendation
Change (including any new Notice of Recommendation change as a result of any material amendments to the Company Superior Proposal) with respect to a Qualifying Proposal or (ii) the final Notice of Superior Proposal (including any new Notice of
Superior Proposal change as a result of any material amendments to the Company Superior Proposal) with respect to a Qualifying Proposal. For purposes of this definition, the final Notice of Company Recommendation Change and the
final Notice of Company Superior Proposal shall mean the Notice of Company Recommendation Change or the Notice of Company Superior Proposal, as applicable, after which either (x) Parent has not negotiated with the Company to
make adjustments to the terms and conditions of the Transaction Agreement during the applicable period under Section 7.4(e) of the Transaction Agreement in response to a Qualifying Proposal or (y) the Person or group submitting the
Qualifying Proposal has not made a material amendments to the Company Superior Proposal within five Business Days after submitting to the Company such Qualifying Proposal. 

Beneficially Own, Beneficial Ownership or Beneficial Owner shall mean,
with respect to any securities, having beneficial ownership of such securities for purposes of Rule 13d-3 or 13d-5 under the Exchange Act (or any successor
statute or regulation). 

Chosen Courts shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 9.7. 

Company shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble. 

control shall mean the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to direct, or cause the direction of,
the management and policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, voting equity, limited liability company interests, general partner interests, or other voting interests, by contract or otherwise. 

Expiration Time shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 6. 

Final Date means March 4, 2025. 

Governing Documents shall mean, with respect to any Person, such Persons articles or certificate of
association, incorporation, formation or organization, bylaws, limited liability company agreement, partnership agreement or other constituent document or documents, each in its currently effective form as amended from time to time. 

Merger shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 

Non-Recourse Party shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 9.13. 

Offer shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 

Other Shareholder means any other shareholder of the Company entering into a Tender and Support Agreement in
connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreement. 

Other Tender and Support
Agreement means any Tender and Support Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, between Parent and any Other Shareholder. 

Parent shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble. 

Party or Parties shall each have the meaning set forth in the Preamble. 

Qualifying Proposal means a Company Takeover Proposal with respect to which the Company has delivered to
Parent either a Notice of Company Recommendation Change or a Notice of Superior Proposal, in each case, prior to 11:59 p.m., New York City time, on the Final Date. 

Shareholder shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 

Shares shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 

Side Arrangements shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.10. 

Transaction Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 

Transfer shall mean, with respect to any Share, any direct or indirect sale, transfer, tender, exchange,
conversion, assignment, pledge, hypothecation, mortgage, license, gift, creation of a security interest in or lien on, placement in trust (voting or otherwise), encumbrance or other disposition of any interest (including the right to vote) in such
Share, as applicable, including those by way of any spin-off (such as through a dividend), hedging or derivative transactions, sale, transfer or assignment of a majority of the equity interest in, or sale,
transfer or assignment of control of, any Person holding such Share, as applicable, merger, consolidation, division, statutory conversion, domestication, transfer or continuance, share exchange, operation of Law, or otherwise. 

2. Certain Agreements. 

2.1 Agreement to Tender. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Shareholder shall, and shall cause its controlled
Affiliates to validly tender, or cause to be tendered, in the Offer, as promptly as practicable following the commencement of the Offer (but in any event within ten Business Days following the commencement of the Offer (within the meaning of Rule 14d-2 of the Exchange Act)) all of its Shares pursuant to the terms of the Offer and shall not withdraw, or cause to be withdrawn such Shares at any time, unless and until this Agreement shall have been validly
terminated in accordance with Section 6. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, no later than ten Business Days after the commencement (within the meaning of Rule 14d-2 of
the Exchange Act) of the Offer, the Shareholder shall, and shall cause its controlled Affiliates to deliver pursuant to the terms of the Offer (i) a letter of transmittal with respect to all Shares complying with the terms of the Offer,
(ii) a certificate (or effective affidavit of loss in lieu thereof) representing the Shares or an agents message (or such other evidence, if any, of transfer as the Exchange Agent may reasonably request) in the case of
book-entry evidence and (iii) all other documents or instruments reasonably required to be delivered by shareholders of the Company pursuant to the terms of the Offer or as Parent may reasonably require or request in order to effect the valid
tender of the Shares in accordance with the terms of the Offer or cause the Shareholders broker or such other Person that is the holder of record of any Shares Beneficially Owned by the Shareholder to validly tender such Shares pursuant to and
in accordance with this Section 2.1 and the terms of the Offer. If the Offer is terminated or withdrawn by Merger Sub in accordance with the Transaction Agreement or the Transaction Agreement is terminated in accordance
with Article IX thereof prior to the purchase of the Shares in the Offer, Parent and Merger Sub shall promptly return, and shall cause any depository or paying agent, acting on behalf of Parent and Merger Sub, to promptly return all tendered Shares
to the Shareholder. 

2.2 Agreement to Vote. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Shareholder hereby
irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that from the date hereof and until the Expiration Time, at any meeting of shareholders of the Company called to vote upon the Board Modification, including the Company Shareholder Meeting, or at any
adjournment or postponement thereof or in any other circumstances upon which a vote, consent or approval is sought with respect to the Board Modification, the Shareholder shall, and shall cause its controlled Affiliates to, in each case (whether by
proxy or in person), to the fullest extent that the Shares are entitled to vote thereon be present and vote (or cause to be voted), or deliver (or cause to be delivered) a written consent with respect to all of its Shares (w) in favor of the
adoption and approval of the Board Modification and any other proposal required for the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreement, (x) against any proposal, motion, action, agreement or transaction that would
reasonably be expected to (A) directly result in a breach of any covenant, representation or warranty or any other obligation or agreement of the Company contained in the Transaction Agreement, or of the Shareholder contained in this Agreement
or (B) result in any of the conditions set forth in Annex C of the Transaction Agreement not being satisfied prior to the End Date; (y) against any change in the Company Board (other than the Board Modification or in the event of a
directors death or resignation, to fill the vacancy created thereby); and (z) against any Company Takeover Proposal and against any other action, 

agreement or transaction involving the Company that would reasonably be expected to materially impede, materially delay or prevent the consummation of the Offer, including (1) any proposal
to authorize, declare, set aside, make or pay any dividends on, or make other distributions in respect of, any of its share capital; (2) any proposal to adjust, split, combine or reclassify any of its share capital, or any other securities in
respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for, shares of its share capital; (3) any amendment or proposal to amend the articles of association of the Company (except for amendments to the Companys articles of association incidental to or
in connection with the issue of Company Common Shares permitted pursuant to Section 6.1(b) of the Transaction Agreement or cancellations of Company Shares held in treasury); (4) any restriction on the transferability of shares; (5) any
sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company (faktische Liquidation); and (6) any merger, demerger or similar reorganization of the Company, in each case of the foregoing clauses (1) through (6), if such actions
would reasonably be expected to materially impede, materially delay or prevent the consummation of the Offer. If and to the extent the Company convenes any general meeting, the Shareholder has the right to vote in favor of the proposals by the
Company Board with respect to the items to be included by law in the agenda of such general meeting to the extent otherwise permitted by this Section 2.2. 

2.3 Waiver of Appraisal Rights. The Shareholder hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives and agrees to cause to be
waived and to prevent the exercise of or any demand related to, any rights of appraisal or any dissenters rights in respect of the Shares that exist in relation to the Offer, the Merger and/or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Agreement. 

2.4 [Intentionally Omitted.] 

2.5 No Solicitation by the Shareholder. From and after the execution of this Agreement and until the Expiration Time,
the Shareholder shall not, and shall cause its Subsidiaries not to, and shall cause its and its Subsidiaries respective directors, officers, employees and Representatives not to, directly or indirectly, (i) solicit, initiate, propose,
knowingly encourage or knowingly facilitate any inquiry, discussion, offer or request that constitutes, or would reasonably be expected to lead to a Company Takeover Proposal, (ii) enter into, continue, initiate or otherwise participate in any
discussions (except to notify a Person of the existence of the provisions of this Section 2.5 and Section 7.4 of the Transaction Agreement) or negotiations regarding, or furnish to any Person (other than to Parent and
its Representatives) any non-public information regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or afford to any Person (other than to Parent and its Representatives) access to the properties, books, records,
officers or personnel of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with any Company Takeover Proposal or any inquiry, discussion or request that would reasonably be expected to lead to a Company Takeover Proposal, (iii) approve,
endorse, adopt or recommend, or publicly propose to approve, endorse, adopt or recommend, any Company Takeover Proposal or submit to the vote of its shareholders any Company Takeover Proposal before the termination of this Agreement in accordance
with its terms or (iv) enter into or execute, or approve or recommend or publicly propose to approve or recommend the entering into of any letter of intent, memorandum of understanding, amalgamation or merger agreement or other agreement,

arrangement or understanding relating to any Company Takeover Proposal before the termination of this Agreement in accordance its terms (other than a Company Acceptable Confidentiality Agreement)
or (v) formally authorize any of, or commit, resolve or agree to do any of, the foregoing. Upon the execution of this Agreement until the Expiration Time, the Shareholder shall and shall cause its Subsidiaries and each of its and their
respective directors, officers and employees to, and shall direct, and use its reasonable best efforts to cause its other Representatives to immediately cease any existing solicitation, encouragement, discussions or negotiations with any Person or
group relating to any Company Takeover Proposal or any discussion that would reasonably be expected to lead to a Company Takeover Proposal. Any violation of the restrictions set forth in this Section 2.5 by any
Representative of the Shareholder shall be deemed to be a breach of this Section 2.5 by the Shareholder. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, (i) this Section 2.5 shall not
restrict the Shareholder from (A) taking any action or doing anything that the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is permitted to do in accordance with the terms of Section 7.4 of the Transaction Agreement, (B) sharing with the
Company Board any Company Takeover Proposal received by the Shareholder; provided that such Company Takeover Proposal referenced in this clause (B) was not received in violation of this Section 2.5 or
(C) communicating with Other Shareholders of the Company that are party to an Other Tender and Support Agreement so long as such communications would not reasonably be expected to require the Shareholder, any Other Shareholder or the Company to
make any public disclosure, and (ii) the Shareholder shall under no circumstances be liable for any actions taken or any failure to act by the Company under or in respect of the Transaction Agreement or the transactions contemplated thereby.
For purposes of this Agreement, none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries shall be deemed to be a Subsidiary or a Representative of the Shareholder for any purpose hereunder. 

2.6 Company Takeover Proposal. From and after the execution of this Agreement and until the Expiration Time, the
Shareholder shall not submit to the Company or the Company Board, or publicly propose, any Company Takeover Proposal. For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing shall not restrict the Shareholder from sharing with the Company Board any Company
Takeover Proposal received by the Shareholder in compliance with Section 2.5. 

2.7 Regulatory
Cooperation. From and after the execution of this Agreement and until the Expiration Time, the Shareholder shall provide any information of the type customarily provided to a Governmental Entity by a Person similarly situated to the Shareholder
to the extent necessary to obtain each Required Approval pursuant to the Transaction Agreement, in each case as promptly as reasonably practicable after any request by Parent or the Company; provided that the Shareholder shall not be required
to provide any information that is subject to attorney-client privilege, confidentiality obligations or legal restrictions to which the Shareholder or its Affiliates are bound. 

2.8 [Intentionally Omitted.]

2.9 [Intentionally Omitted.]

2.10 Other Tender and Support Agreements. Parent will not, and will
cause each of its controlled Affiliates not to, amend, modify, waive or terminate any provision of any Other Tender and Support Agreement, or enter into any other agreement (including side letters) that is inconsistent in a material respect with
this Agreement or the other Tender and Support Agreements, as applicable, with any Other Shareholders (collectively Side Arrangements), in each case, without the prior written consent of the Shareholder. Each Other Shareholder
shall be an express third-party beneficiary of this Section 2.10 and shall be entitled to enforce this Section 2.10. 

3. Agreement Not to Transfer or Encumber. The Shareholder hereby agrees with Parent that, from the date hereof until the Expiration
Time, it shall not, directly or indirectly, (i) Transfer (or enter into any contract related to the Transfer of) any of its Shares or any right, title or interest therein, (ii) deposit any of its Shares into a voting trust or enter into a
voting agreement, voting trust or arrangement with respect to any Shares, as applicable, (iii) grant a proxy or power of attorney or other authorization or consent with respect to the Shares, (iv) enter into any agreement or take any
action that would make any covenant, agreement, representation or warranty of the Shareholder contained herein untrue, incorrect, ineffective or unenforceable in any material respect or have the effect of preventing the Shareholder from performing
any of its obligations under this Agreement, or (v) approve or consent to any of the foregoing; provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, the Shareholder may Transfer Shares (A) to an Affiliate of the Shareholder that,
concurrently with such Transfer, executes a joinder substantially in the form attached hereto as Annex I, (B) to any custodian or nominee in connection with the tender of Shares in the Offer, or (C) in order to tender Shares in the
Offer as provided hereunder and under the Transaction Agreement. Any Transfer or attempted Transfer of any Shares in violation of this Section 3 shall be null and void ab initio. If any involuntary Transfer of any of
the Shares shall occur (including a sale by the Shareholders trustee in any bankruptcy, or a sale to a purchaser at any creditors or court sale), the transferee (which term, as used herein, shall include any and all transferees and
subsequent transferees of the initial transferee) shall take and hold such Shares subject to all of the restrictions, liabilities and rights under this Agreement, which shall continue in full force and effect until valid termination of this
Agreement in accordance with Section 6. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Shareholder shall be permitted to grant a proxy or power of attorney or other authorization or consent to the Companys
independent proxy (as elected on the annual general meeting of the shareholders of the Company) on the Companys official proxy card to vote the Shares in a manner consistent with the terms of this Agreement. 

4. Representations, Warranties and Covenants of the Shareholder. The Shareholder hereby represents and warrants to Parent as follows:

4.1 The Shareholder has all requisite power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to perform its
obligations hereunder. The Shareholder is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing in accordance with the laws of its jurisdiction of formation, as applicable. The execution and delivery by the Shareholder of this Agreement and the
performance of its obligations hereunder have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action in accordance with the Shareholders Governing Documents, as applicable. This Agreement has been duly executed and
delivered by the Shareholder and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement by Parent and in case of the Company Series B Preferred Shares and the Company Series A Preferred Shares approval by the Company Board on

the transfer, constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Shareholder, except to the extent that enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws
affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforcement is considered in a proceeding at law or at equity). 

4.2 The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Shareholder and the performance of its obligations hereunder will not
constitute or result in (i) a breach or violation of, or a default under, the Governing Documents of the Shareholder, (ii) a breach or violation of, a termination (or right of termination) or default under, the creation or acceleration of
any obligations under, or the creation of a Lien on any of the assets of by the Shareholder (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) pursuant to, any agreement, lease, license, contract, note, mortgage, indenture, arrangement or other
obligation binding upon by the Shareholder, or (iii) a conflict with, breach or violation of any Law applicable to by the Shareholder or by which its properties are bound or affected, except, in the case of clauses (ii) or (iii), for any
breach, violation, termination, default, creation or acceleration that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to impair the ability of by the Shareholder to perform its obligations under this Agreement on a timely basis.

4.3 As of the date hereof, the Shareholder (i) Beneficially Owns the Shares and has good and marketable title to all
such Shares, free and clear of any and all Liens, other than those that may be created by this Agreement and (ii) has sole voting power over and sole power to issue instructions with respect to the matters set forth herein and the right to
consent (or cause to consent) to all of the matters set forth in this Agreement, in each case, with respect to all of such Shares. 

4.4 Except as contemplated by this Agreement, the Voting Agreement, dated as of September 7, 2020, by and among SL
Globetrotter, L.P., Global Blue Holding LP and Antfin (Hong Kong) Holding Limited, as amended by the Amendment and Joinder Agreement to the Voting Agreement, dated as of December 28, 2024, by and among SL Globetrotter, L.P., Global Blue Holding
LP, Antfin (Hong Kong) Holding Limited and Ant International Technologies (Hong Kong) Holding Limited, and the Second Amended and Restated Relationship Agreement, dated as of September 7, 2020, by and among Global Blue Group Holding AG, SL
Globetrotter, L.P. and Antfin (Hong Kong) Holding Limited, as amended by the Amendment and Joinder Agreement to the Second Amended and Restated Relationship Agreement, dated December 28, 2024, by and among Global Blue Group Holdings AG, SL
Globetrotter, L.P., Antfin (Hong Kong) Holding Limited, and Ant International Technologies (Hong Kong) Holding Limited, as applicable, the Shareholder has not entered into any tender, voting or other agreement or arrangement, or proxy or power of
attorney, with respect to any of its Shares or entered into any other contract relating to the voting of any of its Shares. Any and all proxies in respect of the Shares in effect prior to the date hereof are revocable, and such proxies either have
been revoked prior to the date hereof or are hereby revoked. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Section 4.4 shall limit the ability of the Shareholder to grant a proxy or power of attorney, or issue voting
instructions, to the Companys independent proxy in accordance with Section 3 and the applicable Swiss Law. 

4.5 As of the date hereof, there is no Action pending or, to the knowledge
of the Shareholder, threatened against or affecting the Shareholder that, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to materially impair the ability of the Shareholder to perform its obligations under this Agreement or to
consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement on a timely basis. 

4.6 The Shareholder hereby authorizes Parent
to publish and disclose in any announcement or disclosure in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreement, including the Other Parent Filings and the Other Company Filings, its identity and ownership of its Shares
consistent with public filings made by the Shareholder and the nature of its obligations under this Agreement, and agrees that it shall promptly furnish to Parent any information reasonably available to the Shareholder that Parent may reasonably
request for the preparation of any such announcement or disclosure in order to comply with applicable Law and notify Parent of any required corrections with respect to any written information supplied by it specifically for use in any such
announcement or disclosure, if and to the extent that any such information contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 

4.7 The Shareholder (i) has been represented
by or has had the opportunity to be represented by, independent counsel of its own choice, and has had the full right and opportunity to consult with its attorney and avail itself of this opportunity, (ii) has received, and reviewed and fully
understands this Agreement and the Transaction Agreement, and has had the opportunity to have the Agreement and the Transaction Agreement fully explained by counsel of its choosing, and is fully aware of the contents thereof and its meaning, intent
and legal effect, and (iii) is competent to execute this Agreement and has executed this Agreement free from coercion, duress or undue influence. The Shareholder understands and acknowledges that Parent is entering into the Transaction
Agreement in reliance upon the Shareholders execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. 

4.8 The
Shareholder irrevocably confirms that no special meetings of the holders of the Company Series A Preferred Shares are required under the Company Articles in connection with the Offer. 

4.9 The Offer Consideration to be paid in respect of each of the Company Common Shares and the Company Series A Shares in the
Offer to the Shareholder, as applicable, is not in breach with any liquidation preference, preferential treatment or payment in respect thereof and is in compliance in all material respects with the Series A Conversion Agreement. 

5. Representations, Warranties and Covenants of Parent. Parent hereby represents and warrants to the Shareholder as follows: 

5.1 Parent has all requisite power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to perform its obligations
hereunder. Parent is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing in accordance with the laws of its jurisdiction of formation, 

as applicable. The execution and delivery by Parent of this Agreement and the performance of its obligations hereunder have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational
action in accordance with Parents Governing Documents, as applicable. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Parent and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Shareholder and in case of
the Company Series B Preferred Shares and the Company Series A Preferred Shares approval by the Company Board on the transfer, constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of Parent, except to the extent that enforceability may be limited by
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforcement is considered in a proceeding at law or at equity).

5.2 The execution and delivery of this Agreement by Parent and the performance of its obligations hereunder will not
constitute or result in (i) a breach or violation of, or a default under, the Governing Documents of Parent, (ii) a breach or violation of, a termination (or right of termination) or default under, the creation or acceleration of any
obligations under, or the creation of a Lien on any of the assets of by Parent (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) pursuant to, any agreement, lease, license, contract, note, mortgage, indenture, arrangement or other obligation binding
upon by Parent, or (iii) a conflict with, breach or violation of any Law applicable to by Parent or by which its properties are bound or affected, except, in the case of clauses (ii) or (iii), for any breach, violation, termination,
default, creation or acceleration that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to impair the ability of Parent to perform its obligations under this Agreement on a timely basis. 

5.3 Parent has or has caused to be provided to the Shareholder true, correct and complete copies of (i) the Other Tender
and Support Agreements, and (ii) neither Parent nor its Affiliates have entered into any Side Arrangement without the prior written consent of the Shareholder. 

6. Termination. This Agreement shall terminate and shall have no further force or effect (i) (A) during the Applicable Period,
(x) immediately, upon written notice by the Shareholder to Parent, if there has been a Company Change of Recommendation or (y) immediately upon termination of the Transaction Agreement in accordance with Section 9.1(e) or
Section 9.1(g) and (B) from and after the expiration of the Applicable Period, on the date that is (1) three months following the termination of the Transaction Agreement, if the Transaction Agreement is terminated in accordance with
Section 9.1(e) or (2) five months following the termination of the Transaction Agreement, if the Transaction Agreement is terminated in accordance with Section 9.1(f) (solely to the extent resulting from Willful Breach by the Company)
or Section 9.1(g) thereof, in each case of clauses (1) and (2), except with respect to Section 2.1, Section 2.2 (other than the Shareholders obligation to vote (or cause to be
voted), or deliver (or cause to be delivered) a written consent, against any Company Takeover Proposal as set forth in clause (z) thereof), Section 2.3 and Section 2.7, each of which shall
terminate immediately upon termination of the Transaction Agreement, (ii) immediately upon termination of the Transaction Agreement, if the Transaction Agreement is terminated in accordance with Section 9.1(a), Section 9.1(b),
Section 9.1(c), Section 9.1(d), Section 9.1(f) (other than as described in the foregoing clause (i) of this Section 6) or Section 9.1(h) thereof, (iii) immediately as of and following the
Acceptance 

Time, or (iv) immediately, upon written notice by the Shareholder to Parent, if there has been any modification, waiver or amendment to any provision of the Transaction Agreement that
reduces or changes the form of Offer Consideration to be paid in respect of the Shares (in each case, without the Shareholders prior written consent) (the date that any such termination is effective pursuant to clauses (i), (ii), (iii) or
(iv) of this Section 6, the Expiration Time). Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall relieve any Party hereto from liability for any breach of this Agreement that occurred prior to such
termination. 

7. Duties. The Shareholder is entering into this Agreement solely in its capacity as Beneficial Owner of the Shares,
and nothing in this Agreement shall apply to any Person serving in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the Company. Parent acknowledges that investment professionals affiliated with the Shareholder may serve on the Company Board and
agrees that any actions taken by a director or officer of the Company in his or her capacity as such shall not constitute actions taken by or on behalf of the Shareholder. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to
prohibit a Person (or be construed to create any obligation on such Person) who is an officer or member of the Company Board from taking any action (or failure to act) in his or her capacity as an officer or member of the Company Board or from
taking any action with respect to any Company Takeover Proposal in his or her capacity as an officer or director of the Company or in the exercise of his or her duties in his or her capacity as director or officer of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries and no action taken in any such capacity as an officer or director of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries shall be deemed to constitute a breach of this Agreement. 

8. No Ownership Interest. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to vest in Parent or any of its direct or indirect owners
any direct or indirect ownership or incidence of ownership of or with respect to the Shares. All rights, ownership and economic benefits of and relating to the Shares shall remain vested in and belong to the Shareholder, and neither Parent nor any
of its direct or indirect owners shall have the authority to direct the Shareholder in the voting or disposition of any Shares, except as otherwise expressly provided herein. 

9. Miscellaneous. 

9.1 Enforcement. The Parties agree that money damages would be both incalculable and an insufficient remedy and that
irreparable damage would occur if any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed that each of the Parties shall be entitled to specific
performance, an injunction or other equitable relief to prevent breaches or violations of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of this Agreement in any Chosen Court. Moreover, and in recognition of the foregoing, each
of the Parties hereby waives (a) any defense in any action for specific performance of this Agreement that a remedy at Law would be adequate or that a remedy of specific performance is unenforceable, invalid, contrary to Law or inequitable for
any reason and (b) any requirement under any Law for any Party to post security as a prerequisite to obtaining equitable relief. Each Party acknowledges and agrees that the agreements contained in this Section 9.1 are
an integral part of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and that, without these agreements, the other Party would not enter into this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Parties hereby

agree that specific performance or injunctive relief pursuant to this Section 9.1 shall be the sole and exclusive remedy with respect to breaches or threatened breaches
by the Shareholder under this Agreement, and neither Parent nor any of its Affiliates may pursue or accept any other form of relief (including monetary damages or reimbursement) that may be available at law or in equity for any breach or violation
of this Agreement. 

9.2 Assignment. Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations of the
Parties hereunder shall be assigned by any of the Parties (whether by operation of Law or otherwise) without the prior written consent of the other Party, which may be granted or withheld in the sole discretion of the other Party. Any attempt to
make any such assignment without such consent shall be null and void. Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement shall be binding upon, inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Parties and their respective successors and permitted
assigns. 

9.3 No Rights or Obligations of the Company: The undertakings and representations and warranties by the
Shareholder contained herein are for the sole benefit of and can only be enforced by Parent and do not create any rights for or obligations by the Company to the Shareholder or the Parent, as the case may be. The Company may rely on the confirmation
set forth in Section 4.8. 

9.4 Amendment. This Agreement may not be amended, modified or
supplemented in any manner, whether by course of conduct or otherwise, except by an instrument in writing specifically designated as an amendment hereto, signed on behalf of each of the Parties in interest at the time of the amendment. 

9.5 Notices. All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed duly given and
properly received on the date of delivery if delivered personally, when received when sent by email by the Party to be notified; provided that no bounceback or notice of non-delivery is
received or when delivered by a courier (with confirmation of delivery). All notices hereunder shall be delivered as set forth below or under such other instructions as may be designated in writing by the Party to receive such notice. 

(i) if to Parent, to:

Shift4 Payments, Inc.

3501
Corporate Parkway

Center Valley, PA 18034

Email: tlauber@shift4.com

jfrankel@shift4.com

Attention: Taylor Lauber

Jordan Frankel

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Latham & Watkins LLP

1271
Avenue of the Americas

New York, NY 10020

Email: andrew.elken@lw.com

leah.sauter@lw.com

Attention: Andrew Elken

Leah Sauter

(ii) if to the Shareholder, to:

Ant International Technologies (Hong Kong) Holding Limited

Level 27, Tower One, Times Square

1 Matheson Street

Causeway Bay

Hong Kong

Email: 

sally.wang@antgroup.com;

lisa.wang@antgroup.com

Attention: Sally Wang

Lisa Wang

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Investment Legal Department

Level 27, Tower One, Times Square

1 Matheson Street

Causeway Bay

Hong Kong

Email: antnotice.investmentlegal@list.antgroup.com

Attention: Richard Lin

9.6 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, interpreted and construed with
regard to, in all respects, including as to validity, interpretation and effect, the Laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to its principles or rules of conflict of laws. The Merger Agreement shall be governed by, interpreted and
construed with regard to, in all respects, including as to validity, interpretation and effect, the Laws of Switzerland, without giving effect to its principles or rules of conflict of laws. 

9.7 Submission to Jurisdiction. Each Party irrevocably and unconditionally consents, agrees and submits to the exclusive
jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (and appropriate appellate courts therefrom) (the Chosen Courts), for the purposes of any Action with respect to the subject matter hereof (other than the Merger
Agreement, which shall be interpreted, construed, governed and enforced as set forth therein). Each Party agrees to commence any Action relating hereto only in the State of Delaware, or if such Action may not be brought in such court for reasons of
subject matter jurisdiction, in the other appellate courts therefrom or other courts of the State of Delaware. Each Party irrevocably and unconditionally waives any objection to the laying of venue of any Action with respect to the subject matter
hereof (other than the Merger Agreement, which shall be interpreted, construed, governed and enforced as set forth therein) in the Chosen Courts, and hereby further irrevocably and unconditionally waives and agrees not to plead or claim in any such
court that any such Action brought in any such court has been 

brought in an inconvenient forum. Each Party further irrevocably and unconditionally consents to and grants any such court jurisdiction over the Person of such Parties and, to the extent legally
effective, over the subject matter of any such dispute and agrees that mailing of process or other documents in connection with any such Action in the manner provided in Section 9.5 hereof or in such other manner as may be
permitted by applicable Law, shall be valid and sufficient service thereof. The Parties agree that a final judgment in any such Action shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner
provided by applicable Law; provided, however, that nothing in the foregoing shall restrict any partys rights to seek any post-judgment relief regarding, or any appeal from such final trial court judgment. 

9.8 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH OF THE PARTIES HEREBY WAIVES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW ANY
RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY WITH RESPECT TO ANY LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THE MERGER. EACH OF THE PARTIES HEREBY CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF
THE OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS
CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT, AS APPLICABLE, BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 9.8. 

9.9 Interpretation. The Parties have participated jointly in negotiating and drafting this Agreement. If an ambiguity or
a question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the Parties, and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any Party by virtue of the authorship of any provision
of this Agreement. When a reference is made in this Agreement to sections or subsections, such reference shall be to a section or subsection of this Agreement unless otherwise indicated. The headings contained in this Agreement are for reference
purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. Whenever the words include, includes or including are used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by
the words without limitation unless otherwise indicated. The words herein, hereof, hereunder and words of similar import shall be deemed to refer to this Agreement as a whole, including the schedules
and annexes hereto, and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. Any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. References to CHF in this Agreement are to the lawful currency of Switzerland.
References to any agreement shall be deemed to include the exhibits, schedules and annexes to such agreement, together with all amendments thereto. References to any Law shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending,
replacing, supplementing or interpreting such Law. Time periods within or following which any act is to be done shall be calculated by excluding the day on which the period commences and including the day on which the period ends and by extending
the period to the next Business Day following if the last day of the period is not a Business Day. 

9.10 Entire Agreement; Third-Party Beneficiaries. 

(a) This Agreement (including the documents and the instruments referred to herein) constitutes the entire agreement among the
Parties and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. 

(b) This Agreement is not intended to, and shall not, confer upon any other Person any rights or remedies hereunder, except as
set forth in or contemplated by the terms and provisions of Section 9.3 and Section 9.13. 

9.11 Severability. Any term or provision of this Agreement that is invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall,
as to that jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability and shall not render invalid or unenforceable the remaining terms and provisions of this Agreement or affect the validity or enforceability of any of the
terms or provisions of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction. If any provision of this Agreement is so broad as to be unenforceable, the provision shall be interpreted to be only so broad as is enforceable. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in this Agreement, this Agreement shall not be interpreted without giving effect to Section 9.1 and Section 9.13. 

9.12 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts, each of which shall be considered one and
the same agreement and shall become effective when each of the Parties has delivered a signed counterpart to the other Party, it being understood that all Parties need not sign the same counterpart. Delivery of an executed signature page of this
Agreement by electronic transmission or electronic .pdf, including using generally recognized e-signature technology (e.g., DocuSign or Adobe Sign), shall be effective as delivery of a manually
executed counterpart hereof. 

9.13 Non-Recourse. Notwithstanding anything
that may be expressed or implied in this Agreement or any document or instrument delivered in connection herewith, by its acceptance of the benefits of this Agreement, the Shareholder and Parent each covenant, agree and acknowledge that no Persons
other than the Parties hereto have any liabilities, obligations, commitments (whether known or unknown or whether contingent or otherwise) hereunder, and that each Party has no right of recovery under this Agreement, or any claim based on such
liabilities, obligations, commitments against, and no personal liability shall attach to, the former, current or future equity holders, controlling persons, directors, officers, employees, agents, Affiliates, members, managers or general or limited
partners of any of either Party or any former, current or future equity holder, controlling person, director, officer, employee, general or limited partner, member, manager, Affiliate or agent of any of the foregoing (collectively, but not including
the Parties hereto, each a Non-Recourse Party), through the other Party or otherwise, whether by or through attempted piercing of the corporate veil, by or through a claim by or on behalf of
the other Party against any Non-Recourse Party, by the enforcement of any assessment or by any legal or equitable proceeding, by virtue of any statute, regulation or Law, or otherwise. Without limiting the
foregoing, no claim will be brought or maintained by the Shareholder, Parent or any of its Affiliates or any of their respective successors or permitted assigns 

against any Non-Recourse Party that is not otherwise expressly identified as a Party to this Agreement, and no recourse will be brought or granted against
any of them, by virtue of or based upon any alleged misrepresentation or inaccuracy in or breach or nonperformance of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements of any Party set forth or contained in this Agreement, any exhibit
or schedule hereto, any other document contemplated hereby or any certificate, instrument, opinion, agreement or other document of the other Party or any other Person delivered hereunder. The Non-Recourse
Parties shall be express third-party beneficiaries of this Section 9.13. 

9.14 Fees and
Expenses. All Expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement, the Transaction Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby shall be paid by the party incurring such Expense, except as otherwise expressly provided in the
Transaction Agreement and this Section 9.14. If the Offer is completed, Parent shall pay, or cause the Company to pay, legal Expenses incurred by the Shareholder in connection with the negotiation and execution of this
Agreement, up to an aggregate amount not to exceed $500,000.00. 

9.15 Affiliated Entities. If any controlled
Affiliate of the Shareholder becomes a Beneficial Owner of Shares on or after the date hereof, the Shareholder shall give Parent a written notice thereof as promptly as practicable in advance of such controlled Affiliate becoming a Beneficial Owner
and such controlled Affiliate shall, and the Shareholder shall cause such controlled Affiliate to, promptly (and in advance of such controlled Affiliate becoming a Beneficial Owner) execute a joinder to this Agreement substantially in the form
attached hereto as Annex I, to ensure that such controlled Affiliate is subject to the obligations under this Agreement applicable to the Shareholder and that such Shares are subject to this Agreement. 

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the
date first above written. 

SHIFT4 PAYMENTS, INC.

By: 

/s/ Taylor Lauber

Name: Taylor Lauber

Title: President

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO TENDER AND SUPPORT AGREEMENT] 

ANT INTERNATIONAL TECHNOLOGIES (HONG KONG) HOLDING LIMITED

By: 

/s/ Richard Lin

Name: Richard Lin

Title: Director

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO TENDER AND SUPPORT AGREEMENT] 

Annex I 

Form of Joinder 

The
undersigned is executing and delivering this joinder agreement (this Joinder) pursuant to that certain Tender and Support Agreement, dated as of February 16, 2025 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from
time to time in accordance with its terms, the Support Agreement) by and between Shift4 Payments, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Parent), and [] (the Shareholder), a shareholder of Global
Blue Group Holding AG, a stock corporation incorporated under the laws of Switzerland, with its registered office in Zurichstrasse 38, 8306, Bruttisellen, Switzerland (the Company). Capitalized terms used but not defined in this
Joinder shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in the Support Agreement. 

By executing and delivering this Joinder to
the Support Agreement, the undersigned hereby adopts and approves the Support Agreement and agrees, effective commencing on the date hereof and as a condition to the undersigned becoming a Beneficial Owner of Shares, to become a Party to, and to be
bound by and comply with the provisions of, the Support Agreement applicable to the Shareholder in the same manner as if the undersigned were an original signatory to the Support Agreement. 

The undersigned hereby represents and warrants that it is a controlled Affiliate of
[]1. 

Section 9 of the Support Agreement is hereby incorporated herein by
reference, mutatis mutandis. 

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

1 

The Shareholder transferring Shares. 

1 

Accordingly, the undersigned has executed and delivered this Joinder as of the
day of , . 

[TRANSFEREE]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Notice Information

Address:

Email:

1 

Schedule A 

Shares 

Name and Address of Shareholder 

Number of Company Common Shares

Ant International Technologies (Hong Kong)

Holding Limited

Level 27,
Tower One, Times Square

1 Matheson Street

Causeway Bay

Hong Kong 

12,500,000

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>d916492dex103.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.3
<TEXT>
EX-10.3

Exhibit 10.3 

EXECUTION VERSION 

TENDER AND
SUPPORT AGREEMENT 

This TENDER AND SUPPORT AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of February 16, 2025, is made
by and among Shift4 Payments, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Parent), and the undersigned shareholder (the Shareholder) of Global Blue Group Holding AG, a stock corporation incorporated under the laws of
Switzerland, with its registered office in Zurichstrasse 38, 8306, Bruttisellen, Switzerland (the Company). Parent and the Shareholder are each sometimes referred to herein as a Party and, collectively, as the
Parties. 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS, concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, Parent and the Company are entering into a Transaction Agreement,
dated as of the date hereof, (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with its terms, the Transaction Agreement), pursuant to which, among other things, Merger Sub shall (and Parent
shall cause Merger Sub to) commence a tender offer (the Offer) to acquire all of the outstanding Company Shares, in which Offer each Company Share validly tendered and not properly withdrawn would be purchased for the Common Share
Offer Consideration, the Series A Offer Consideration or the Series B Offer Consideration, as applicable, and following completion of the Offer, and provided that at such time Parent directly or indirectly has acquired or controls at least 90% of
the then outstanding Company Shares, the Company and Merger Sub will consummate a statutory squeeze-out merger pursuant to which the Company shall be merged with and into Merger Sub, with Merger Sub continuing
as the surviving corporation and as a wholly-owned Subsidiary of Parent (the Merger), in each case, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Transaction Agreement; 

WHEREAS, as of the date hereof, the Shareholder Beneficially Owns the Company Common Shares and Company Series B Preferred Shares set forth on
Schedule A (together with any Company Common Shares, Company Series A Preferred Shares and Company Series B Preferred Shares with respect to which the Shareholder or any of its controlled Affiliates acquires Beneficial Ownership of, on or
after the date hereof and prior to the Expiration Time, collectively, the Shareholders Shares); 

WHEREAS,
concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Transaction Agreement, the Specified Shareholders of the Company are entering into tender and support agreements substantially in the form of this Agreement; 

WHEREAS, the Company Board has (a) determined that the Transaction Agreement is in the best interests of, and fair to, the Company and
its shareholders, and declared it advisable for the Company to enter into the Transaction Agreement and effect the Board Modification, (b) adopted the Transaction Agreement and authorized and approved the Offer and the other transactions
contemplated thereby, and (c) resolved to recommend that the shareholders of the Company accept the Offer and tender their Company Shares in the Offer and approve and adopt the Board Modification at the Company Shareholder Meeting subject to
the terms of the Transaction Agreement, and directed that such matters be submitted for consideration by the shareholders of the Company at the Company Shareholder Meeting; and 

WHEREAS, Parent desires that the Shareholder agrees, and the Shareholder is willing to
agree, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, not to Transfer (as defined below) any of its Shares, to accept the offer and tender its Shares in the Offer and to vote all of its Shares in favor of the approval and adoption of
the Board Modification and against any action or proposal that would reasonably be expected to interfere with or delay the timely consummation of the Offer or the Merger. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements set forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows: 

1.
Definitions. This Agreement is a Specified Shareholders Support Agreement as defined in the Transaction Agreement. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms
in the Transaction Agreement. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings indicated below: 

Accrued Dividend shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.4. 

Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble. 

Applicable Period means the period beginning upon the execution and delivery of this Agreement and ending at
11:59 p.m., New York City time, on the day that is the later of (a) the Final Date and (b) the fifth Business Day immediately following Parents receipt (if applicable) of either (i) the final Notice of Company Recommendation
Change (including any new Notice of Recommendation change as a result of any material amendments to the Company Superior Proposal) with respect to a Qualifying Proposal or (ii) the final Notice of Superior Proposal (including any new Notice of
Superior Proposal change as a result of any material amendments to the Company Superior Proposal) with respect to a Qualifying Proposal. For purposes of this definition, the final Notice of Company Recommendation Change and the
final Notice of Company Superior Proposal shall mean the Notice of Company Recommendation Change or the Notice of Company Superior Proposal, as applicable, after which either (x) Parent has not negotiated with the Company to
make adjustments to the terms and conditions of the Transaction Agreement during the applicable period under Section 7.4(e) of the Transaction Agreement in response to a Qualifying Proposal or (y) the Person or group submitting the
Qualifying Proposal has not made a material amendments to the Company Superior Proposal within five Business Days after submitting to the Company such Qualifying Proposal. 

Beneficially Own, Beneficial Ownership or Beneficial Owner shall mean,
with respect to any securities, having beneficial ownership of such securities for purposes of Rule 13d-3 or 13d-5 under the Exchange Act (or any successor
statute or regulation). 

Chosen Courts shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 9.7. 

Company shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble. 

control shall mean the possession, direct or indirect, of
the power to direct, or cause the direction of, the management and policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, voting equity, limited liability company interests, general partner interests, or other voting interests, by
contract or otherwise. 

Expiration Time shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 6. 

Final Date means March 4, 2025. 

Governing Documents shall mean, with respect to any Person, such Persons articles or certificate of
association, incorporation, formation or organization, bylaws, limited liability company agreement, partnership agreement or other constituent document or documents, each in its currently effective form as amended from time to time. 

Merger shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 

Non-Recourse Party shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 9.13. 

Offer shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 

Other Shareholder means any other shareholder of the Company entering into a Tender and Support Agreement in
connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreement. 

Other Tender and Support
Agreement means any Tender and Support Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, between Parent and any Other Shareholder. 

Parent shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble. 

Party or Parties shall each have the meaning set forth in the Preamble. 

Qualifying Proposal means a Company Takeover Proposal with respect to which the Company has delivered to
Parent either a Notice of Company Recommendation Change or a Notice of Superior Proposal, in each case, prior to 11:59 p.m., New York City time, on the Final Date. 

Series B Conversion Agreement shall mean the Conversion Agreement, dated as of June 13, 2022, by and
among the Company, CK Opportunities Wolverine S. r.l. and the other investor holders thereto. 

Series
B Voting Agreement shall mean the Voting Agreement, dated as of May 5, 2022, by and among SL Globetrotter, L.P., Global Blue Holding L.P., CK Opportunities Fund I, LP, as modified by that certain Affiliate Joinder Agreement to the
Voting Agreement by CK Opportunities Wolverine S. r.l. 

Shareholder shall have the meaning
set forth in the Recitals. 

Shares shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 

Side Arrangements shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.10. 

Transaction Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in
the Recitals. 

Transfer shall mean, with respect to any Share, any direct or indirect sale, transfer,
tender, exchange, conversion, assignment, pledge, hypothecation, mortgage, license, gift, creation of a security interest in or lien on, placement in trust (voting or otherwise), encumbrance or other disposition of any interest (including the right
to vote) in such Share, as applicable, including those by way of any spin-off (such as through a dividend), hedging or derivative transactions, sale, transfer or assignment of a majority of the equity interest
in, or sale, transfer or assignment of control of, any Person holding such Share, as applicable, merger, consolidation, division, statutory conversion, domestication, transfer or continuance, share exchange, operation of Law, or otherwise. 

2. Certain Agreements. 

2.1 Agreement to Tender. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Shareholder shall, and shall cause its controlled
Affiliates to validly tender, or cause to be tendered, in the Offer, as promptly as practicable following the commencement of the Offer (but in any event within ten Business Days following the commencement of the Offer (within the meaning of Rule 14d-2 of the Exchange Act)) all of its Shares pursuant to the terms of the Offer and shall not withdraw, or cause to be withdrawn such Shares at any time, unless and until this Agreement shall have been validly
terminated in accordance with Section 6. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, no later than ten Business Days after the commencement (within the meaning of Rule 14d-2 of
the Exchange Act) of the Offer, the Shareholder shall, and shall cause its controlled Affiliates to deliver pursuant to the terms of the Offer (i) a letter of transmittal with respect to all Shares complying with the terms of the Offer,
(ii) a certificate (or effective affidavit of loss in lieu thereof) representing the Shares or an agents message (or such other evidence, if any, of transfer as the Exchange Agent may reasonably request) in the case of
book-entry evidence and (iii) all other documents or instruments reasonably required to be delivered by shareholders of the Company pursuant to the terms of the Offer or as Parent may reasonably require or request in order to effect the valid
tender of the Shares in accordance with the terms of the Offer or cause the Shareholders broker or such other Person that is the holder of record of any Shares Beneficially Owned by the Shareholder to validly tender such Shares pursuant to and
in accordance with this Section 2.1 and the terms of the Offer. If the Offer is terminated or withdrawn by Merger Sub in accordance with the Transaction Agreement or the Transaction Agreement is terminated in accordance
with Article IX thereof prior to the purchase of the Shares in the Offer, Parent and Merger Sub shall promptly return, and shall cause any depository or paying agent, acting on behalf of Parent and Merger Sub, to promptly return all tendered Shares
to the Shareholder. 

2.2 Agreement to Vote. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Shareholder hereby
irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that from the date hereof and until the Expiration Time, at any meeting of shareholders of the Company called to vote upon the Board Modification, including the Company Shareholder Meeting, or at any
adjournment or postponement thereof or in any other circumstances upon which a vote, consent or approval is sought with respect to the Board Modification, the Shareholder shall, and shall cause its controlled Affiliates to, in each case (whether by
proxy or in person), to the fullest 

extent that the Shares are entitled to vote thereon be present and vote (or cause to be voted), or deliver (or cause to be delivered) a written consent with respect to all of its Shares
(w) in favor of the adoption and approval of the Board Modification and any other proposal required for the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreement, (x) against any proposal, motion, action, agreement or
transaction that would reasonably be expected to (A) directly result in a breach of any covenant, representation or warranty or any other obligation or agreement of the Company contained in the Transaction Agreement, or of the Shareholder
contained in this Agreement or (B) result in any of the conditions set forth in Annex C of the Transaction Agreement not being satisfied prior to the End Date; (y) against any change in the Company Board (other than the Board Modification
or in the event of a directors death or resignation, to fill the vacancy created thereby); and (z) against any Company Takeover Proposal and against any other action, agreement or transaction involving the Company that would reasonably be
expected to materially impede, materially delay or prevent the consummation of the Offer, including (1) any proposal to authorize, declare, set aside, make or pay any dividends on, or make other distributions in respect of, any of its share
capital; (2) any proposal to adjust, split, combine or reclassify any of its share capital, or any other securities in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for, shares of its share capital; (3) any amendment or proposal to amend the
articles of association of the Company (except for amendments to the Companys articles of association incidental to or in connection with the issue of Company Common Shares permitted pursuant to Section 6.1(b) of the Transaction Agreement
or cancellations of Company Shares held in treasury); (4) any restriction on the transferability of shares; (5) any sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company (faktische Liquidation); and (6) any merger,
demerger or similar reorganization of the Company, in each case of the foregoing clauses (1) through (6), if such actions would reasonably be expected to materially impede, materially delay or prevent the consummation of the Offer. If and to
the extent the Company convenes any general meeting, the Shareholder has the right to vote in favor of the proposals by the Company Board with respect to the items to be included by law in the agenda of such general meeting to the extent otherwise
permitted by this Section 2.2. 

2.3 Waiver of Appraisal Rights. The Shareholder hereby
irrevocably and unconditionally waives and agrees to cause to be waived and to prevent the exercise of or any demand related to, any rights of appraisal or any dissenters rights in respect of the Shares that exist in relation to the Offer, the
Merger and/or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreement. 

2.4 Waiver of Dividend Rights. To the
fullest extent permitted by Law, the Shareholder hereby waives, and agrees not to exercise, any rights relating to, including any rights to receive, the Interim PIK Dividend (under and as defined in the Series B Conversion Agreement and the Series B
Voting Agreement, in each case) and the Pro Rata PIK Dividend (under and as defined in the Company Articles) that the Shareholder may directly or indirectly have by virtue of the ownership of any Company Series B Preferred Shares. For the avoidance
of doubt, to the fullest extent permitted by Law, the Shareholder hereby waives, and agrees not to exercise, any rights relating to, including any rights to receive, any portion of the PIK Dividend (under and as defined in the Series B Conversion
Agreement, Series B Voting Agreement and the Company Articles, in each case) accrued 

or payable, or deemed to have been accrued or payable from and after the date hereof and until the Expiration Time (the Accrued Dividend). The Shareholder acknowledges and
agrees that the Series B Consideration shall satisfy in full all obligations of the Company to the Shareholder (including obligations for payment, consideration or dividend) under or in respect of the Transaction Agreement and the transactions
contemplated thereby, including during the period between the date hereof and the Expiration Time with respect to the Company Series B Preferred Shares under the Series B Conversion Agreement, Series B Voting Agreement, the Company Articles and any
other Governing Document of the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that the Offer is terminated or withdrawn by Merger Sub or the Transaction Agreement is terminated in accordance with its terms, (i) the waivers set forth in
this Section 2.4 shall be automatically revoked as of such termination and (ii) the Shareholder shall be entitled to receive from the Company (A) such Accrued Dividend in accordance with the Series B Conversion
Agreement, Series B Voting Agreement and the Company Articles and (B) any regular dividend (under the Company Articles) to the extent such Accrued Dividend or such regular dividend would otherwise have been accrued or payable and unpaid during
the period between the date hereof and the Expiration Time. 

2.5 No Solicitation by the Shareholder. From and after
the execution of this Agreement and until the Expiration Time, the Shareholder shall not, and shall cause its Subsidiaries not to, and shall cause its and its Subsidiaries respective directors, officers, employees and Representatives not to,
directly or indirectly, (i) solicit, initiate, propose, knowingly encourage or knowingly facilitate any inquiry, discussion, offer or request that constitutes, or would reasonably be expected to lead to a Company Takeover Proposal,
(ii) enter into, continue, initiate or otherwise participate in any discussions (except to notify a Person of the existence of the provisions of this Section 2.5 and Section 7.4 of the Transaction Agreement) or
negotiations regarding, or furnish to any Person (other than to Parent and its Representatives) any non-public information regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or afford to any Person (other than
to Parent and its Representatives) access to the properties, books, records, officers or personnel of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with any Company Takeover Proposal or any inquiry, discussion or request that would reasonably
be expected to lead to a Company Takeover Proposal, (iii) approve, endorse, adopt or recommend, or publicly propose to approve, endorse, adopt or recommend, any Company Takeover Proposal or submit to the vote of its shareholders any Company
Takeover Proposal before the termination of this Agreement in accordance with its terms or (iv) enter into or execute, or approve or recommend or publicly propose to approve or recommend the entering into of any letter of intent, memorandum of
understanding, amalgamation or merger agreement or other agreement, arrangement or understanding relating to any Company Takeover Proposal before the termination of this Agreement in accordance its terms (other than a Company Acceptable
Confidentiality Agreement) or (v) formally authorize any of, or commit, resolve or agree to do any of, the foregoing. Upon the execution of this Agreement until the Expiration Time, the Shareholder shall and shall cause its Subsidiaries and
each of its and their respective directors, officers and employees to, and shall direct, and use its reasonable best efforts to cause its other Representatives to immediately cease any existing solicitation, encouragement, discussions or
negotiations with any Person or group relating to any Company Takeover Proposal or any discussion that would reasonably be expected to lead 

to a Company Takeover Proposal. Any violation of the restrictions set forth in this Section 2.5 by any Representative of the Shareholder shall be deemed to be a breach
of this Section 2.5 by the Shareholder. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, (i) this Section 2.5 shall not restrict a Shareholder from (A) taking any action or doing anything
that the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is permitted to do in accordance with the terms of Section 7.4 of the Transaction Agreement, (B) sharing with the Company Board any Company Takeover Proposal received by the Shareholder;
provided that such Company Takeover Proposal referenced in this clause (B) was not received in violation of this Section 2.5 or (C) communicating with Other Shareholders of the Company that are party to an
Other Tender and Support Agreement so long as such communications would not reasonably be expected to require the Shareholder, any Other Shareholder or the Company to make any public disclosure, and (ii) the Shareholder shall under no
circumstances be liable for any actions taken or any failure to act by the Company under or in respect of the Transaction Agreement or the transactions contemplated thereby. For purposes of this Agreement, none of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries shall be deemed to be a Subsidiary or a Representative of the Shareholder for any purpose hereunder. 

2.6
Company Takeover Proposal. From and after the execution of this Agreement and until the Expiration Time, the Shareholder shall not submit to the Company or the Company Board, or publicly propose, any Company Takeover Proposal. For the
avoidance of doubt, the foregoing shall not restrict the Shareholder from sharing with the Company Board any Company Takeover Proposal received by the Shareholder in compliance with Section 2.5. 

2.7 Regulatory Cooperation. From and after the execution of this Agreement and until the Expiration Time, the
Shareholder shall provide any information of the type customarily provided to a Governmental Entity by a Person similarly situated to the Shareholder to the extent necessary to obtain each Required Approval pursuant to the Transaction Agreement, in
each case as promptly as reasonably practicable after any request by Parent or the Company; provided that the Shareholder shall not be required to provide any information that is subject to attorney-client privilege, confidentiality
obligations or legal restrictions to which the Shareholder or its Affiliates are bound. 

2.8 [Intentionally
Omitted.] 

2.9 Accession of Rights and Obligations. Subject to and conditioned upon the occurrence of the
Acceptance Time, (a) the Shareholder shall assign its rights and obligations pursuant to the Series B Conversion Agreement to Merger Sub and (b) Parent shall cause Merger Sub to enter into a joinder to the Series B Conversion Agreement
pursuant to the Series B Conversion Agreement and the Company Articles, as applicable. 

2.10 Other Tender and Support
Agreements. Parent will not, and will cause each of its controlled Affiliates not to, amend, modify, waive or terminate any provision of any Other Tender and Support Agreement, or enter into any other agreement (including side letters) that is
inconsistent in a material respect with this Agreement or the other Tender and Support Agreements, as applicable, with any Other Shareholder (collectively Side Arrangements), in each case, without the prior written consent of the
Shareholder. Each Other Shareholder shall be an express third-party beneficiary of this Section 2.10 and shall be entitled to enforce this Section 2.10. 

3. Agreement Not to Transfer or Encumber. The Shareholder hereby agrees with Parent
that, from the date hereof until the Expiration Time, it shall not, directly or indirectly, (i) Transfer (or enter into any contract related to the Transfer of) any of its Shares or any right, title or interest therein, (ii) deposit any of
its Shares into a voting trust or enter into a voting agreement, voting trust or arrangement with respect to any Shares, as applicable, (iii) grant a proxy or power of attorney or other authorization or consent with respect to the Shares,
(iv) enter into any agreement or take any action that would make any covenant, agreement, representation or warranty of the Shareholder contained herein untrue, incorrect, ineffective or unenforceable in any material respect or have the effect
of preventing the Shareholder from performing any of its obligations under this Agreement, or (v) approve or consent to any of the foregoing; provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, the Shareholder may Transfer Shares (A) to
an Affiliate of the Shareholder that, concurrently with such Transfer, executes a joinder substantially in the form attached hereto as Annex I, (B) to any custodian or nominee in connection with the tender of Shares in the Offer, or
(C) in order to tender Shares in the Offer as provided hereunder and under the Transaction Agreement. Any Transfer or attempted Transfer of any Shares in violation of this Section 3 shall be null and void ab
initio. If any involuntary Transfer of any of the Shares shall occur (including a sale by the Shareholders trustee in any bankruptcy, or a sale to a purchaser at any creditors or court sale), the transferee (which term, as used
herein, shall include any and all transferees and subsequent transferees of the initial transferee) shall take and hold such Shares subject to all of the restrictions, liabilities and rights under this Agreement, which shall continue in full force
and effect until valid termination of this Agreement in accordance with Section 6. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Shareholder shall be permitted to grant a proxy or power of attorney or other
authorization or consent to the Companys independent proxy (as elected on the annual general meeting of the shareholders of the Company) on the Companys official proxy card to vote the Shares in a manner consistent with the terms of this
Agreement. 

4. Representations, Warranties and Covenants of the Shareholder. The Shareholder hereby represents and warrants to
Parent as follows: 

4.1 The Shareholder has all requisite power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to
perform its obligations hereunder. The Shareholder is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing in accordance with the laws of its jurisdiction of formation, as applicable. The execution and delivery by the Shareholder of this Agreement
and the performance of its obligations hereunder have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action in accordance with the Shareholders Governing Documents, as applicable. This Agreement has been duly executed
and delivered by the Shareholder and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement by Parent and in case of the Company Series B Preferred Shares and the Company Series A Preferred Shares approval by the Company Board on
the transfer, constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Shareholder, except to the extent that enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights
generally and subject to general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforcement is considered in a proceeding at law or at equity). 

4.2 The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Shareholder and the
performance of its obligations hereunder will not constitute or result in (i) a breach or violation of, or a default under, the Governing Documents of the Shareholder, (ii) a breach or violation of, a termination (or right of termination)
or default under, the creation or acceleration of any obligations under, or the creation of a Lien on any of the assets of by the Shareholder (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) pursuant to, any agreement, lease, license, contract, note,
mortgage, indenture, arrangement or other obligation binding upon by the Shareholder, or (iii) a conflict with, breach or violation of any Law applicable to by the Shareholder or by which its properties are bound or affected, except, in the
case of clauses (ii) or (iii), for any breach, violation, termination, default, creation or acceleration that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to impair the ability of by the Shareholder to perform its
obligations under this Agreement on a timely basis. 

4.3 As of the date hereof, the Shareholder (i) Beneficially Owns
the Shares and has good and marketable title to all such Shares, free and clear of any and all Liens, other than those that may be created by this Agreement and (ii) has sole voting power over and sole power to issue instructions with respect
to the matters set forth herein and the right to consent (or cause to consent) to all of the matters set forth in this Agreement, in each case, with respect to all of such Shares. 

4.4 Except as contemplated by this Agreement and the Series B Voting Agreement, the Shareholder has not entered into any
tender, voting or other agreement or arrangement, or proxy or power of attorney, with respect to any of its Shares or entered into any other contract relating to the voting of any of its Shares. Any and all proxies in respect of the Shares in effect
prior to the date hereof are revocable, and such proxies either have been revoked prior to the date hereof or are hereby revoked. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Section 4.4 shall limit the ability of the
Shareholder to grant a proxy or power of attorney, or issue voting instructions, to the Companys independent proxy in accordance with Section 3 and the applicable Swiss Law. 

4.5 As of the date hereof, there is no Action pending or, to the knowledge of the Shareholder, threatened against or affecting
the Shareholder that, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to materially impair the ability of the Shareholder to perform its obligations under this Agreement or to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
on a timely basis. 

4.6 The Shareholder hereby authorizes Parent to publish and disclose in any announcement or disclosure
in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreement, including the Other Parent Filings and the Other Company Filings, its identity and ownership of its Shares consistent with public filings made by the Shareholder and the
nature of its obligations under this Agreement, and agrees that it shall promptly furnish to Parent any information reasonably available to the Shareholder that Parent may reasonably request for the preparation of any such announcement or disclosure
in order to comply with applicable Law and notify Parent of any required corrections with respect to any written information supplied by it specifically for use in any such announcement or disclosure, if and to the extent that any such information
contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 

4.7 The Shareholder (i) has been represented by or has had the
opportunity to be represented by, independent counsel of its own choice, and has had the full right and opportunity to consult with its attorney and avail itself of this opportunity, (ii) has received, and reviewed and fully understands this
Agreement and the Transaction Agreement, and has had the opportunity to have the Agreement and the Transaction Agreement fully explained by counsel of its choosing, and is fully aware of the contents thereof and its meaning, intent and legal effect,
and (iii) is competent to execute this Agreement and has executed this Agreement free from coercion, duress or undue influence. The Shareholder understands and acknowledges that Parent is entering into the Transaction Agreement in reliance upon
the Shareholders execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. 

4.8 The Shareholder irrevocably confirms
that no special meetings of the holders of the Company Series B Preferred Shares are required under the Company Articles in connection with the Offer. 

4.9 The Offer Consideration to be paid in respect of each of the Company Common Shares and the Company Series B Shares in the
Offer to the Shareholder, as applicable, is not in breach with any liquidation preference, preferential treatment or payment in respect thereof and is in compliance in all material respects with the Series B Conversion Agreement. 

5. Representations, Warranties and Covenants of Parent. Parent hereby represents and warrants to the Shareholder as follows: 

5.1 Parent has all requisite power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to perform its obligations
hereunder. Parent is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing in accordance with the laws of its jurisdiction of formation, as applicable. The execution and delivery by Parent of this Agreement and the performance of its obligations
hereunder have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action in accordance with Parents Governing Documents, as applicable. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Parent and, assuming the due
authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Shareholder and in case of the Company Series B Preferred Shares and the Company Series A Preferred Shares approval by the Company Board on the transfer, constitutes the legal, valid and
binding obligation of Parent, except to the extent that enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity
(regardless of whether such enforcement is considered in a proceeding at law or at equity). 

5.2 The execution and delivery of this Agreement by Parent and the
performance of its obligations hereunder will not constitute or result in (i) a breach or violation of, or a default under, the Governing Documents of Parent, (ii) a breach or violation of, a termination (or right of termination) or
default under, the creation or acceleration of any obligations under, or the creation of a Lien on any of the assets of by Parent (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) pursuant to, any agreement, lease, license, contract, note, mortgage,
indenture, arrangement or other obligation binding upon by Parent, or (iii) a conflict with, breach or violation of any Law applicable to by Parent or by which its properties are bound or affected, except, in the case of clauses (ii) or
(iii), for any breach, violation, termination, default, creation or acceleration that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to impair the ability of Parent to perform its obligations under this Agreement on a timely
basis. 

5.3 Parent has or has caused to be provided to the Shareholder true, correct and complete copies of (i) the
Other Tender and Support Agreements, and (ii) neither Parent nor its Affiliates have entered into any Side Arrangement without the prior written consent of the Shareholder. 

6. Termination. This Agreement shall terminate and shall have no further force or effect (i) (A) during the Applicable Period,
(x) immediately, upon written notice by the Shareholder to Parent, if there has been a Company Change of Recommendation or (y) immediately upon termination of the Transaction Agreement in accordance with Section 9.1(e) or
Section 9.1(g) and (B) from and after the expiration of the Applicable Period, on the date that is (1) three months following the termination of the Transaction Agreement, if the Transaction Agreement is terminated in accordance with
Section 9.1(e) or (2) five months following the termination of the Transaction Agreement, if the Transaction Agreement is terminated in accordance with Section 9.1(f) (solely to the extent resulting from Willful Breach by the Company)
or Section 9.1(g) thereof, in each case of clauses (1) and (2), except with respect to Section 2.1, Section 2.2 (other than the Shareholders obligation to vote (or cause to be
voted), or deliver (or cause to be delivered) a written consent, against any Company Takeover Proposal as set forth in clause (z) thereof), Section 2.3, Section 2.4,
Section 2.7 and Section 2.9, each of which shall terminate immediately upon termination of the Transaction Agreement, (ii) immediately upon termination of the Transaction Agreement, if the
Transaction Agreement is terminated in accordance with Section 9.1(a), Section 9.1(b), Section 9.1(c), Section 9.1(d), Section 9.1(f) (other than as described in the foregoing clause (i) of this
Section 6) or Section 9.1(h) thereof, (iii) immediately as of and following the Acceptance Time, or (iv) immediately, upon written notice by the Shareholder to Parent, if there has been any modification,
waiver or amendment to any provision of the Transaction Agreement that reduces or changes the form of Offer Consideration to be paid in respect of the Shares (in each case, without the Shareholders prior written consent) (the date that any
such termination is effective pursuant to clauses (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) of this Section 6, the Expiration Time). Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall relieve any Party hereto from
liability for any breach of this Agreement that occurred prior to such termination. 

7. Duties. The Shareholder is entering into
this Agreement solely in its capacity as Beneficial Owner of the Shares, and nothing in this Agreement shall apply to any Person serving in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the Company. Parent acknowledges that investment
professionals affiliated with the Shareholder may serve on the Company Board and agrees that any actions taken by a director or officer of the Company in his or her capacity as such shall not constitute actions taken by or on behalf of the
Shareholder. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to prohibit a Person (or be construed to create any obligation on such Person) who is an officer or member of the Company Board from taking any action (or failure

to act) in his or her capacity as an officer or member of the Company Board or from taking any action with respect to any Company Takeover Proposal in his or her capacity as an officer or
director of the Company or in the exercise of his or her duties in his or her capacity as director or officer of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and no action taken in any such capacity as an officer or director of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries shall be deemed to constitute a breach of this Agreement. 

8. No Ownership Interest. Nothing contained in this
Agreement shall be deemed to vest in Parent or any of its direct or indirect owners any direct or indirect ownership or incidence of ownership of or with respect to the Shares. All rights, ownership and economic benefits of and relating to the
Shares shall remain vested in and belong to the Shareholder, and neither Parent nor any of its direct or indirect owners shall have the authority to direct the Shareholder in the voting or disposition of any Shares, except as otherwise expressly
provided herein. 

9. Miscellaneous. 

9.1 Enforcement. The Parties agree that money damages would be both incalculable and an insufficient remedy and that
irreparable damage would occur if any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed that each of the Parties shall be entitled to specific
performance, an injunction or other equitable relief to prevent breaches or violations of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of this Agreement in any Chosen Court. Moreover, and in recognition of the foregoing, each
of the Parties hereby waives (a) any defense in any action for specific performance of this Agreement that a remedy at Law would be adequate or that a remedy of specific performance is unenforceable, invalid, contrary to Law or inequitable for
any reason and (b) any requirement under any Law for any Party to post security as a prerequisite to obtaining equitable relief. Each Party acknowledges and agrees that the agreements contained in this Section 9.1 are
an integral part of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and that, without these agreements, the other Party would not enter into this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Parties hereby agree that
specific performance or injunctive relief pursuant to this Section 9.1 shall be the sole and exclusive remedy with respect to breaches or threatened breaches by the Shareholder under this Agreement, and neither Parent nor
any of its Affiliates may pursue or accept any other form of relief (including monetary damages or reimbursement) that may be available at law or in equity for any breach or violation of this Agreement. 

9.2 Assignment. Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations of the Parties hereunder shall be
assigned by any of the Parties (whether by operation of Law or otherwise) without the prior written consent of the other Party, which may be granted or withheld in the sole discretion of the other Party. Any attempt to make any such assignment
without such consent shall be null and void. Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement shall be binding upon, inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns. 

9.3 No Rights or Obligations of the Company: The undertakings and
representations and warranties by the Shareholder contained herein are for the sole benefit of and can only be enforced by Parent and do not create any rights for or obligations by the Company to the Shareholder or the Parent, as the case may be.
The Company may rely on the confirmation set forth in Section 4.8. 

9.4 Amendment. This
Agreement may not be amended, modified or supplemented in any manner, whether by course of conduct or otherwise, except by an instrument in writing specifically designated as an amendment hereto, signed on behalf of each of the Parties in interest
at the time of the amendment. 

9.5 Notices. All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and
shall be deemed duly given and properly received on the date of delivery if delivered personally, when received when sent by email by the Party to be notified; provided that no bounceback or notice of non-delivery is received or when delivered by a courier (with confirmation of delivery). All notices hereunder shall be delivered as set forth below or under such other instructions as may be designated in writing
by the Party to receive such notice. 

(i) if to Parent, to: 

Shift4 Payments, Inc.

3501
Corporate Parkway

Center Valley, PA 18034

Email: tlauber@shift4.com

jfrankel@shift4.com

Attention: Taylor Lauber

Jordan Frankel

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Latham & Watkins LLP

1271 Avenue of the Americas

New York, NY 10020

Email: andrew.elken@lw.com

leah.sauter@lw.com

Attention: Andrew Elken

Leah Sauter

(ii) if to the Shareholder, to:

CK Opportunities Wolverine S. r.l.

c/o Knighthead Capital Management, LLC

280 Park Avenue

22nd Floor

New York, NY 10017

Email: ltorrado@knighthead.com

Attention: Laura Torrado

and 

CK Opportunities Wolverine S. r.l.

c/o Certares Management LLC

350 Madison Avenue

8th Floor

New York, NY 10017

Email: tom.lamacchia@certares.com

Attention: Tom LaMacchia

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Herbert Smith Freehills LLP

Exchange House

Primrose Street

London EC2A 2EG

United Kingdom

Email: malcolm.lombers@hsf.com

Attention: Malcolm Lombers

9.6 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, interpreted and construed
with regard to, in all respects, including as to validity, interpretation and effect, the Laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to its principles or rules of conflict of laws. The Merger Agreement shall be governed by, interpreted and
construed with regard to, in all respects, including as to validity, interpretation and effect, the Laws of Switzerland, without giving effect to its principles or rules of conflict of laws. 

9.7 Submission to Jurisdiction. Each Party irrevocably and unconditionally consents, agrees and submits to the exclusive
jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (and appropriate appellate courts therefrom) (the Chosen Courts), for the purposes of any Action with respect to the subject matter hereof (other than the Merger
Agreement, which shall be interpreted, construed, governed and enforced as set forth therein). Each Party agrees to commence any Action relating hereto only in the State of Delaware, or if such Action may not be brought in such court for reasons of
subject matter jurisdiction, in the other appellate courts therefrom or other courts of the State of Delaware. Each Party irrevocably and unconditionally waives any objection to the laying of venue of any Action with respect to the subject matter
hereof (other than the Merger Agreement, which shall be interpreted, construed, governed and enforced as set forth therein) in the Chosen Courts, and hereby further irrevocably and unconditionally waives and agrees not to plead or claim in any such
court that any such Action brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. Each Party further irrevocably and unconditionally consents to and grants any such court jurisdiction over the Person of such Parties and, to the extent
legally effective, over the subject matter of any such dispute and agrees that mailing of process or other documents in connection with any such Action in the manner provided in Section 9.5 hereof or in such other manner as
may be permitted by applicable Law, shall be valid and sufficient service thereof. The Parties agree that a final judgment in any such Action shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other
manner provided by applicable Law; provided, however, that nothing in the foregoing shall restrict any partys rights to seek any post-judgment relief regarding, or any appeal from such final trial court judgment. 

9.8 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH OF THE PARTIES HEREBY WAIVES TO
THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY WITH RESPECT TO ANY LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THE MERGER. EACH OF THE PARTIES HEREBY
CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF THE OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT HAS BEEN
INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT, AS APPLICABLE, BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 9.8. 

9.9 Interpretation. The Parties have participated jointly in negotiating and drafting this Agreement. If an ambiguity or
a question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the Parties, and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any Party by virtue of the authorship of any provision
of this Agreement. When a reference is made in this Agreement to sections or subsections, such reference shall be to a section or subsection of this Agreement unless otherwise indicated. The headings contained in this Agreement are for reference
purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. Whenever the words include, includes or including are used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by
the words without limitation unless otherwise indicated. The words herein, hereof, hereunder and words of similar import shall be deemed to refer to this Agreement as a whole, including the schedules
and annexes hereto, and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. Any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. References to CHF in this Agreement are to the lawful currency of Switzerland.
References to any agreement shall be deemed to include the exhibits, schedules and annexes to such agreement, together with all amendments thereto. References to any Law shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending,
replacing, supplementing or interpreting such Law. Time periods within or following which any act is to be done shall be calculated by excluding the day on which the period commences and including the day on which the period ends and by extending
the period to the next Business Day following if the last day of the period is not a Business Day. 

9.10 Entire
Agreement; Third-Party Beneficiaries. 

(a) This Agreement (including the documents and the instruments referred to
herein) constitutes the entire agreement among the Parties and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. 

(b) This Agreement is not intended to, and shall not, confer upon any other
Person any rights or remedies hereunder, except as set forth in or contemplated by the terms and provisions of Section 9.3 and Section 9.13. 

9.11 Severability. Any term or provision of this Agreement that is invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall,
as to that jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability and shall not render invalid or unenforceable the remaining terms and provisions of this Agreement or affect the validity or enforceability of any of the
terms or provisions of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction. If any provision of this Agreement is so broad as to be unenforceable, the provision shall be interpreted to be only so broad as is enforceable. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in this Agreement, this Agreement shall not be interpreted without giving effect to Section 9.1 and Section 9.13. 

9.12 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts, each of which shall be considered one and
the same agreement and shall become effective when each of the Parties has delivered a signed counterpart to the other Party, it being understood that all Parties need not sign the same counterpart. Delivery of an executed signature page of this
Agreement by electronic transmission or electronic .pdf, including using generally recognized e-signature technology (e.g., DocuSign or Adobe Sign), shall be effective as delivery of a manually
executed counterpart hereof. 

9.13 Non-Recourse. Notwithstanding anything
that may be expressed or implied in this Agreement or any document or instrument delivered in connection herewith, by its acceptance of the benefits of this Agreement, the Shareholder and Parent each covenant, agree and acknowledge that no Persons
other than the Parties hereto have any liabilities, obligations, commitments (whether known or unknown or whether contingent or otherwise) hereunder, and that each Party has no right of recovery under this Agreement, or any claim based on such
liabilities, obligations, commitments against, and no personal liability shall attach to, the former, current or future equity holders, controlling persons, directors, officers, employees, agents, Affiliates, members, managers or general or limited
partners of any of either Party or any former, current or future equity holder, controlling person, director, officer, employee, general or limited partner, member, manager, Affiliate or agent of any of the foregoing (collectively, but not including
the Parties hereto, each a Non-Recourse Party), through the other Party or otherwise, whether by or through attempted piercing of the corporate veil, by or through a claim by or on behalf of
the other Party against any Non-Recourse Party, by the enforcement of any assessment or by any legal or equitable proceeding, by virtue of any statute, regulation or Law, or otherwise. Without limiting the
foregoing, no claim will be brought or maintained by the Shareholder, Parent or any of its Affiliates or any of their respective successors or permitted assigns against any Non-Recourse Party that is not
otherwise expressly identified as a Party to this Agreement, and no recourse will be brought or granted against any of them, by virtue of or based upon any alleged misrepresentation or inaccuracy in or breach or nonperformance of any of the
representations, warranties, covenants or agreements of any Party set forth or contained in this Agreement, any exhibit or schedule hereto, any other document contemplated hereby or any certificate, instrument, opinion, agreement or other document
of the other Party or any other Person delivered hereunder. The Non-Recourse Parties shall be express third-party beneficiaries of this Section 9.13. 

9.14 Fees and Expenses. All Expenses incurred in connection with this
Agreement, the Transaction Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby shall be paid by the party incurring such Expense, except as otherwise expressly provided in the Transaction Agreement and this
Section 9.14. If the Offer is completed, Parent shall pay, or cause the Company to pay, legal Expenses incurred by the Shareholder in connection with the negotiation and execution of this Agreement, up to an aggregate
amount not to exceed $500,000.00. 

9.15 Affiliated Entities. If any controlled Affiliate of the Shareholder becomes
a Beneficial Owner of Shares on or after the date hereof, the Shareholder shall give Parent a written notice thereof as promptly as practicable in advance of such controlled Affiliate becoming a Beneficial Owner and such controlled Affiliate
shall, and the Shareholder shall cause such controlled Affiliate to, promptly (and in advance of such controlled Affiliate becoming a Beneficial Owner) execute a joinder to this Agreement substantially in the form attached hereto as Annex I,
to ensure that such controlled Affiliate is subject to the obligations under this Agreement applicable to the Shareholder and that such Shares are subject to this Agreement. 

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the
date first above written. 

SHIFT4 PAYMENTS, INC.

By: 

/s/ Taylor Lauber

Name: Taylor Lauber

Title: President

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO TENDER AND SUPPORT AGREEMENT] 

CK OPPORTUNITIES WOLVERINE S. R.L.

By: 

/s/ Domenico Barile

Name: Domenico Barile

Title: Class A Manager

By: 

/s/ Ajit Singh Rai

Name: Ajit Singh Rai

Title: Class B Manager

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO TENDER AND SUPPORT AGREEMENT] 

Annex I 

Form of Joinder 

The
undersigned is executing and delivering this joinder agreement (this Joinder) pursuant to that certain Tender and Support Agreement, dated as of February 16, 2025 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from
time to time in accordance with its terms, the Support Agreement) by and between Shift4 Payments, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Parent), and [] (the Shareholder), a shareholder of Global
Blue Group Holding AG, a stock corporation incorporated under the laws of Switzerland, with its registered office in Zurichstrasse 38, 8306, Bruttisellen, Switzerland (the Company). Capitalized terms used but not defined in this
Joinder shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in the Support Agreement. 

By executing and delivering this Joinder to
the Support Agreement, the undersigned hereby adopts and approves the Support Agreement and agrees, effective commencing on the date hereof and as a condition to the undersigned becoming a Beneficial Owner of Shares, to become a Party to, and to be
bound by and comply with the provisions of, the Support Agreement applicable to the Shareholder in the same manner as if the undersigned were an original signatory to the Support Agreement. 

The undersigned hereby represents and warrants that it is a controlled Affiliate of
[]1. 

Section 9 of the Support Agreement is hereby incorporated herein by
reference, mutatis mutandis. 

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

1 

The Shareholder transferring Shares. 

Accordingly, the undersigned has executed and delivered this Joinder as of the
day of , 

. 

[TRANSFEREE]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Notice Information

Address:

Email:

Schedule A 

Shares 

Name and Address of

Shareholder 

Number of Company

Common Shares 

Number of Company Series

B Preferred Shares

CK Opportunities Wolverine

S. r.l.

C/O Knighthead Capital

Management,
LLC

280 Park Avenue

22nd
Floor

New York, NY 10017

and

C/O Certares Management LLC

350
Madison Avenue

8th Floor

New
York, NY 10017 9,286,969 23,124,705
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>d916492dex104.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.4
<TEXT>
EX-10.4

Exhibit 10.4 

EXECUTION VERSION 

TENDER AND
SUPPORT AGREEMENT 

This TENDER AND SUPPORT AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of February 16, 2025, is made
by and among Shift4 Payments, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Parent), and the undersigned shareholders (each, a Shareholder) of Global Blue Group Holding AG, a stock corporation incorporated under the laws of
Switzerland, with its registered office in Zurichstrasse 38, 8306, Bruttisellen, Switzerland (the Company). Parent and each Shareholder are each sometimes referred to herein as a Party and, collectively, as the
Parties. 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS, concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, Parent and the Company are entering into a Transaction Agreement,
dated as of the date hereof, (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with its terms, the Transaction Agreement), pursuant to which, among other things, Merger Sub shall (and Parent
shall cause Merger Sub to) commence a tender offer (the Offer) to acquire all of the outstanding Company Shares, in which Offer each Company Share validly tendered and not properly withdrawn would be purchased for the Common Share
Offer Consideration, the Series A Offer Consideration or the Series B Offer Consideration, as applicable, and following completion of the Offer, and provided that at such time Parent directly or indirectly has acquired or controls at least 90% of
the then outstanding Company Shares, the Company and Merger Sub will consummate a statutory squeeze-out merger pursuant to which the Company shall be merged with and into Merger Sub, with Merger Sub continuing
as the surviving corporation and as a wholly-owned Subsidiary of Parent (the Merger), in each case, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Transaction Agreement; 

WHEREAS, as of the date hereof, each Shareholder Beneficially Owns the Company Common Shares set forth on Schedule A (together with any
Company Common Shares, Company Series A Preferred Shares and Company Series B Preferred Shares with respect to which such Shareholder or any of its controlled Affiliates acquires Beneficial Ownership of, on or after the date hereof and prior to the
Expiration Time, collectively, such Shareholders Shares); 

WHEREAS, concurrently with the execution and delivery
of this Agreement and the Transaction Agreement, the Specified Shareholders of the Company are entering into tender and support agreements substantially in the form of this Agreement; 

WHEREAS, the Company Board has (a) determined that the Transaction Agreement is in the best interests of, and fair to, the Company and
its shareholders, and declared it advisable for the Company to enter into the Transaction Agreement and effect the Board Modification, (b) adopted the Transaction Agreement and authorized and approved the Offer and the other transactions
contemplated thereby, and (c) resolved to recommend that the shareholders of the Company accept the Offer and tender their Company Shares in the Offer and approve and adopt the Board Modification at the Company Shareholder Meeting subject to
the terms of the Transaction Agreement, and directed that such matters be submitted for consideration by the shareholders of the Company at the Company Shareholder Meeting; and 

WHEREAS, Parent desires that each Shareholder agrees, and each Shareholder is willing to
agree, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, not to Transfer (as defined below) any of its Shares, to accept the offer and tender its Shares in the Offer and to vote all of its Shares in favor of the approval and adoption of
the Board Modification and against any action or proposal that would reasonably be expected to interfere with or delay the timely consummation of the Offer or the Merger. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements set forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows: 

1.
Definitions. This Agreement is a Specified Shareholders Support Agreement as defined in the Transaction Agreement. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms
in the Transaction Agreement. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings indicated below: 

Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble. 

Applicable Period means the period beginning upon the execution and delivery of this Agreement and ending at
11:59 p.m., New York City time, on the day that is the later of (a) the Final Date and (b) the fifth Business Day immediately following Parents receipt (if applicable) of either (i) the final Notice of Company Recommendation
Change (including any new Notice of Recommendation change as a result of any material amendments to the Company Superior Proposal) with respect to a Qualifying Proposal or (ii) the final Notice of Superior Proposal (including any new Notice of
Superior Proposal change as a result of any material amendments to the Company Superior Proposal) with respect to a Qualifying Proposal. For purposes of this definition, the final Notice of Company Recommendation Change and the
final Notice of Company Superior Proposal shall mean the Notice of Company Recommendation Change or the Notice of Company Superior Proposal, as applicable, after which either (x) Parent has not negotiated with the Company to
make adjustments to the terms and conditions of the Transaction Agreement during the applicable period under Section 7.4(e) of the Transaction Agreement in response to a Qualifying Proposal or (y) the Person or group submitting the
Qualifying Proposal has not made a material amendments to the Company Superior Proposal within five Business Days after submitting to the Company such Qualifying Proposal. 

Beneficially Own, Beneficial Ownership or Beneficial Owner shall mean,
with respect to any securities, having beneficial ownership of such securities for purposes of Rule 13d-3 or 13d-5 under the Exchange Act (or any successor
statute or regulation). 

Chosen Courts shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 9.7. 

Company shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble. 

control shall mean the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to direct, or cause the direction of,
the management and policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, voting equity, limited liability company interests, general partner interests, or other voting interests, by contract or otherwise. 

Expiration Time shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 6. 

Final Date means March 4, 2025. 

Governing Documents shall mean, with respect to any Person, such Persons articles or certificate of
association, incorporation, formation or organization, bylaws, limited liability company agreement, partnership agreement or other constituent document or documents, each in its currently effective form as amended from time to time. 

Merger shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 

Non-Recourse Party shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 9.13. 

Offer shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 

Other Shareholder means any other shareholder of the Company entering into a Tender and Support Agreement in
connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreement. 

Other Tender and Support
Agreement means any Tender and Support Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, between Parent and any Other Shareholder. 

Parent shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble. 

Party or Parties shall each have the meaning set forth in the Preamble. 

Qualifying Proposal means a Company Takeover Proposal with respect to which the Company has delivered to
Parent either a Notice of Company Recommendation Change or a Notice of Superior Proposal, in each case, prior to 11:59 p.m., New York City time, on the Final Date. 

Shareholder shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 

Shares shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 

Side Arrangements shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.10. 

Transaction Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 

Transfer shall mean, with respect to any Share, any direct or indirect sale, transfer, tender, exchange,
conversion, assignment, pledge, hypothecation, mortgage, license, gift, creation of a security interest in or lien on, placement in trust (voting or otherwise), encumbrance or other disposition of any interest (including the right to vote) in such
Share, as applicable, including those by way of any spin-off (such as through a dividend), hedging or derivative transactions, sale, transfer or assignment of a majority of the equity interest in, or sale,
transfer or assignment of control of, any Person holding such Share, as applicable, merger, consolidation, division, statutory conversion, domestication, transfer or continuance, share exchange, operation of Law, or otherwise. 

2. Certain Agreements. 

2.1 Agreement to Tender. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, each Shareholder shall, and shall cause its controlled
Affiliates to validly tender, or cause to be tendered, in the Offer, as promptly as practicable following the commencement of the Offer (but in any event within ten Business Days following the commencement of the Offer (within the meaning of Rule 14d-2 of the Exchange Act)) all of its Shares pursuant to the terms of the Offer and shall not withdraw, or cause to be withdrawn such Shares at any time, unless and until this Agreement shall have been validly
terminated in accordance with Section 6. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, no later than ten Business Days after the commencement (within the meaning of Rule 14d-2 of
the Exchange Act) of the Offer, each Shareholder shall, and shall cause its controlled Affiliates to deliver pursuant to the terms of the Offer (i) a letter of transmittal with respect to all Shares complying with the terms of the Offer,
(ii) a certificate (or effective affidavit of loss in lieu thereof) representing the Shares or an agents message (or such other evidence, if any, of transfer as the Exchange Agent may reasonably request) in the case of
book-entry evidence and (iii) all other documents or instruments reasonably required to be delivered by shareholders of the Company pursuant to the terms of the Offer or as Parent may reasonably require or request in order to effect the valid
tender of the Shares in accordance with the terms of the Offer or cause such Shareholders broker or such other Person that is the holder of record of any Shares Beneficially Owned by such Shareholder to validly tender such Shares pursuant to
and in accordance with this Section 2.1 and the terms of the Offer. If the Offer is terminated or withdrawn by Merger Sub in accordance with the Transaction Agreement or the Transaction Agreement is terminated in accordance
with Article IX thereof prior to the purchase of the Shares in the Offer, Parent and Merger Sub shall promptly return, and shall cause any depository or paying agent, acting on behalf of Parent and Merger Sub, to promptly return all tendered Shares
to such Shareholder. 

2.2 Agreement to Vote. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, each Shareholder hereby
irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that from the date hereof and until the Expiration Time, at any meeting of shareholders of the Company called to vote upon the Board Modification, including the Company Shareholder Meeting, or at any
adjournment or postponement thereof or in any other circumstances upon which a vote, consent or approval is sought with respect to the Board Modification, such Shareholder shall, and shall cause its controlled Affiliates to, in each case (whether by
proxy or in person), to the fullest extent that the Shares are entitled to vote thereon be present and vote (or cause to be voted), or deliver (or cause to be delivered) a written consent with respect to all of its Shares (w) in favor of the
adoption and approval of the Board Modification and any other proposal required for the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreement, (x) against any proposal, motion, action, agreement or transaction that would
reasonably be expected to (A) directly result in a breach of any covenant, representation or warranty or any other obligation or agreement of the Company contained in the Transaction Agreement, or of such Shareholder contained in this Agreement
or (B) result in any of the conditions set forth in Annex C of the Transaction Agreement not being satisfied prior to the End Date; (y) against any change in the Company Board (other than the Board Modification or in the event of a
directors death or resignation, to fill the vacancy created thereby); and (z) against any Company Takeover Proposal and against any 

other action, agreement or transaction involving the Company that would reasonably be expected to materially impede, materially delay or prevent the consummation of the Offer, including
(1) any proposal to authorize, declare, set aside, make or pay any dividends on, or make other distributions in respect of, any of its share capital; (2) any proposal to adjust, split, combine or reclassify any of its share capital, or any
other securities in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for, shares of its share capital; (3) any amendment or proposal to amend the articles of association of the Company (except for amendments to the Companys articles of
association incidental to or in connection with the issue of Company Common Shares permitted pursuant to Section 6.1(b) of the Transaction Agreement or cancellations of Company Shares held in treasury); (4) any restriction on the
transferability of shares; (5) any sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company (faktische Liquidation); and (6) any merger, demerger or similar reorganization of the Company, in each case of the foregoing clauses
(1) through (6), if such actions would reasonably be expected to materially impede, materially delay or prevent the consummation of the Offer. If and to the extent the Company convenes any general meeting, such Shareholder has the right to vote
in favor of the proposals by the Company Board with respect to the items to be included by law in the agenda of such general meeting to the extent otherwise permitted by this Section 2.2. 

2.3 Waiver of Appraisal Rights. Each Shareholder hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives and agrees to cause to be
waived and to prevent the exercise of or any demand related to, any rights of appraisal or any dissenters rights in respect of the Shares that exist in relation to the Offer, the Merger and/or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Agreement. 

2.4 [Intentionally Omitted.] 

2.5 No Solicitation by Each Shareholder. From and after the execution of this Agreement and until the Expiration Time,
each Shareholder shall not, and shall cause its Subsidiaries not to, and shall cause its and its Subsidiaries respective directors, officers, employees and Representatives not to, directly or indirectly, (i) solicit, initiate, propose,
knowingly encourage or knowingly facilitate any inquiry, discussion, offer or request that constitutes, or would reasonably be expected to lead to a Company Takeover Proposal, (ii) enter into, continue, initiate or otherwise participate in any
discussions (except to notify a Person of the existence of the provisions of this Section 2.5 and Section 7.4 of the Transaction Agreement) or negotiations regarding, or furnish to any Person (other than to Parent and
its Representatives) any non-public information regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or afford to any Person (other than to Parent and its Representatives) access to the properties, books, records,
officers or personnel of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with any Company Takeover Proposal or any inquiry, discussion or request that would reasonably be expected to lead to a Company Takeover Proposal, (iii) approve,
endorse, adopt or recommend, or publicly propose to approve, endorse, adopt or recommend, any Company Takeover Proposal or submit to the vote of its shareholders any Company Takeover Proposal before the termination of this Agreement in accordance
with its terms or (iv) enter into or execute, or approve or recommend or publicly propose to approve or recommend the entering into of any letter of intent, memorandum of understanding, amalgamation or merger agreement or other agreement,

arrangement or understanding relating to any Company Takeover Proposal before the termination of this Agreement in accordance its terms (other than a Company Acceptable Confidentiality Agreement)
or (v) formally authorize any of, or commit, resolve or agree to do any of, the foregoing. Upon the execution of this Agreement until the Expiration Time, each Shareholder shall and shall cause its Subsidiaries and each of its and their
respective directors, officers and employees to, and shall direct, and use its reasonable best efforts to cause its other Representatives to immediately cease any existing solicitation, encouragement, discussions or negotiations with any Person or
group relating to any Company Takeover Proposal or any discussion that would reasonably be expected to lead to a Company Takeover Proposal. Any violation of the restrictions set forth in this Section 2.5 by any
Representative of a Shareholder shall be deemed to be a breach of this Section 2.5 by such Shareholder. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, (i) this Section 2.5 shall not restrict
a Shareholder from (A) taking any action or doing anything that the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is permitted to do in accordance with the terms of Section 7.4 of the Transaction Agreement, (B) sharing with the Company Board any
Company Takeover Proposal received by such Shareholder; provided that such Company Takeover Proposal referenced in this clause (B) was not received in violation of this Section 2.5 or (C) communicating with
Other Shareholders of the Company that are party to an Other Tender and Support Agreement so long as such communications would not reasonably be expected to require such Shareholder, any Other Shareholder or the Company to make any public
disclosure, and (ii) such Shareholder shall under no circumstances be liable for any actions taken or any failure to act by the Company under or in respect of the Transaction Agreement or the transactions contemplated thereby. For purposes of
this Agreement, none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries shall be deemed to be a Subsidiary or a Representative of a Shareholder for any purpose hereunder. 

2.6 Company Takeover Proposal. From and after the execution of this Agreement and until the Expiration Time, each
Shareholder shall not submit to the Company or the Company Board, or publicly propose, any Company Takeover Proposal. For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing shall not restrict each Shareholder from sharing with the Company Board any Company
Takeover Proposal received by such Shareholder in compliance with Section 2.5. 

2.7 Regulatory
Cooperation. From and after the execution of this Agreement and until the Expiration Time, each Shareholder shall provide any information of the type customarily provided to a Governmental Entity by a Person similarly situated to such
Shareholder to the extent necessary to obtain each Required Approval pursuant to the Transaction Agreement, in each case as promptly as reasonably practicable after any request by Parent or the Company; provided that such Shareholder shall
not be required to provide any information that is subject to attorney-client privilege, confidentiality obligations or legal restrictions to which such Shareholder or its Affiliates are bound. 

2.8 [Intentionally Omitted.]

2.9 [Intentionally Omitted.]

2.10 Other Tender and Support Agreements. Parent will not, and will
cause each of its controlled Affiliates not to, amend, modify, waive or terminate any provision of any Other Tender and Support Agreement, or enter into any other agreement (including side letters) that is inconsistent in a material respect with
this Agreement or the other Tender and Support Agreements, as applicable, with any Other Shareholders (collectively Side Arrangements), in each case, without the prior written consent of each Shareholder. Each Other Shareholder
shall be an express third-party beneficiary of this Section 2.10 and shall be entitled to enforce this Section 2.10. 

3. Agreement Not to Transfer or Encumber. Each Shareholder hereby agrees with Parent that, from the date hereof until the Expiration
Time, it shall not, directly or indirectly, (i) Transfer (or enter into any contract related to the Transfer of) any of its Shares or any right, title or interest therein, (ii) deposit any of its Shares into a voting trust or enter into a
voting agreement, voting trust or arrangement with respect to any Shares, as applicable, (iii) grant a proxy or power of attorney or other authorization or consent with respect to the Shares, (iv) enter into any agreement or take any
action that would make any covenant, agreement, representation or warranty of such Shareholder contained herein untrue, incorrect, ineffective or unenforceable in any material respect or have the effect of preventing such Shareholder from performing
any of its obligations under this Agreement, or (v) approve or consent to any of the foregoing; provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, such Shareholder may Transfer Shares (A) to an Affiliate of such Shareholder that,
concurrently with such Transfer, executes a joinder substantially in the form attached hereto as Annex I, (B) to any custodian or nominee in connection with the tender of Shares in the Offer, or (C) in order to tender Shares in the
Offer as provided hereunder and under the Transaction Agreement. Any Transfer or attempted Transfer of any Shares in violation of this Section 3 shall be null and void ab initio. If any involuntary Transfer of any of
the Shares shall occur (including a sale by a Shareholders trustee in any bankruptcy, or a sale to a purchaser at any creditors or court sale), the transferee (which term, as used herein, shall include any and all transferees and
subsequent transferees of the initial transferee) shall take and hold such Shares subject to all of the restrictions, liabilities and rights under this Agreement, which shall continue in full force and effect until valid termination of this
Agreement in accordance with Section 6. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, each Shareholder shall be permitted to grant a proxy or power of attorney or other authorization or consent to the Companys
independent proxy (as elected on the annual general meeting of the shareholders of the Company) on the Companys official proxy card to vote the Shares in a manner consistent with the terms of this Agreement. 

4. Representations, Warranties and Covenants of Each Shareholder. Each Shareholder hereby represents and warrants to Parent as follows:

4.1 The Shareholder has all requisite power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to perform its
obligations hereunder. The Shareholder is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing in accordance with the laws of its jurisdiction of formation, as applicable. The execution and delivery by the Shareholder of this Agreement and the
performance of its obligations hereunder have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action in accordance with the Shareholders Governing Documents, as applicable. This Agreement has been duly executed and
delivered by the Shareholder and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement by Parent and in case of the Company Series B Preferred Shares and the Company Series A Preferred Shares approval by the Company Board on the
transfer, constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Shareholder, except to the extent that enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights
generally and subject to general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforcement is considered in a proceeding at law or at equity). 

4.2 The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Shareholder and the
performance of its obligations hereunder will not constitute or result in (i) a breach or violation of, or a default under, the Governing Documents of the Shareholder, (ii) a breach or violation of, a termination (or right of termination)
or default under, the creation or acceleration of any obligations under, or the creation of a Lien on any of the assets of by the Shareholder (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) pursuant to, any agreement, lease, license, contract, note,
mortgage, indenture, arrangement or other obligation binding upon by the Shareholder, or (iii) a conflict with, breach or violation of any Law applicable to by the Shareholder or by which its properties are bound or affected, except, in the
case of clauses (ii) or (iii), for any breach, violation, termination, default, creation or acceleration that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to impair the ability of by the Shareholder to perform its
obligations under this Agreement on a timely basis. 

4.3 As of the date hereof, the Shareholder (i) Beneficially Owns
the Shares and has good and marketable title to all such Shares, free and clear of any and all Liens, other than those that may be created by this Agreement and (ii) has sole voting power over and sole power to issue instructions with respect
to the matters set forth herein and the right to consent (or cause to consent) to all of the matters set forth in this Agreement, in each case, with respect to all of such Shares. 

4.4 Except as contemplated by this Agreement and the Amended and Restated Investor Agreement, dated as of August 28, 2020,
by and among SL Globetrotter, L.P., Global Blue Holding LP, GL Globetrotter GP, Ltd., Partners Group Private Equity (Master Fund), LLC, Partners Group Barrier Reef, L.P., Partners Group Client Access 5 L.P. Inc., and Global Blue
Investment & Co S.C.A., the Shareholder has not entered into any tender, voting or other agreement or arrangement, or proxy or power of attorney, with respect to any of its Shares or entered into any other contract relating to the voting of
any of its Shares. Any and all proxies in respect of the Shares in effect prior to the date hereof are revocable, and such proxies either have been revoked prior to the date hereof or are hereby revoked. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this
Section 4.4 shall limit the ability of the Shareholder to grant a proxy or power of attorney, or issue voting instructions, to the Companys independent proxy in accordance with Section 3 and
the applicable Swiss Law. 

4.5 As of the date hereof, there is no Action pending or, to the knowledge of the Shareholder,
threatened against or affecting the Shareholder that, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to materially impair the ability of the Shareholder to perform its obligations under this Agreement or to consummate the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement on a timely basis. 

4.6 The Shareholder hereby authorizes Parent to publish and disclose in any
announcement or disclosure in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreement, including the Other Parent Filings and the Other Company Filings, its identity and ownership of its Shares consistent with public filings made
by the Shareholder and the nature of its obligations under this Agreement, and agrees that it shall promptly furnish to Parent any information reasonably available to the Shareholder that Parent may reasonably request for the preparation of any such
announcement or disclosure in order to comply with applicable Law and notify Parent of any required corrections with respect to any written information supplied by it specifically for use in any such announcement or disclosure, if and to the extent
that any such information contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading. 

4.7 The Shareholder (i) has been represented by or has had the opportunity to be represented
by, independent counsel of its own choice, and has had the full right and opportunity to consult with its attorney and avail itself of this opportunity, (ii) has received, and reviewed and fully understands this Agreement and the Transaction
Agreement, and has had the opportunity to have the Agreement and the Transaction Agreement fully explained by counsel of its choosing, and is fully aware of the contents thereof and its meaning, intent and legal effect, and (iii) is competent
to execute this Agreement and has executed this Agreement free from coercion, duress or undue influence. The Shareholder understands and acknowledges that Parent is entering into the Transaction Agreement in reliance upon the Shareholders
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. 

5. Representations, Warranties and Covenants of Parent. Parent hereby
represents and warrants to each Shareholder as follows: 

5.1 Parent has all requisite power and authority to execute and
deliver this Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder. Parent is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing in accordance with the laws of its jurisdiction of formation, as applicable. The execution and delivery by Parent of
this Agreement and the performance of its obligations hereunder have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action in accordance with Parents Governing Documents, as applicable. This Agreement has been duly
executed and delivered by Parent and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Shareholder and in case of the Company Series B Preferred Shares and the Company Series A Preferred Shares approval by the Company
Board on the transfer, constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of Parent, except to the extent that enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights
generally and subject to general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforcement is considered in a proceeding at law or at equity). 

5.2 The execution and delivery of this Agreement by Parent and the performance of its obligations hereunder will not constitute
or result in (i) a breach or violation of, or a default under, the Governing Documents of Parent, (ii) a breach or violation of, a termination (or right of termination) or default under, the creation or acceleration of any obligations
under, or the creation of a Lien on any of the assets of by 

Parent (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) pursuant to, any agreement, lease, license, contract, note, mortgage, indenture, arrangement or other obligation binding upon by Parent, or
(iii) a conflict with, breach or violation of any Law applicable to by Parent or by which its properties are bound or affected, except, in the case of clauses (ii) or (iii), for any breach, violation, termination, default, creation or
acceleration that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to impair the ability of Parent to perform its obligations under this Agreement on a timely basis. 

5.3 Parent has or has caused to be provided to the Shareholder true, correct and complete copies of (i) the Other Tender
and Support Agreements, and (ii) neither Parent nor its Affiliates have entered into any Side Arrangement without the prior written consent of the Shareholder. 

6. Termination. This Agreement shall terminate and shall have no further force or effect (i)(A) during the Applicable Period,
(x) immediately, upon written notice by a Shareholder to Parent, if there has been a Company Change of Recommendation or (y) immediately upon termination of the Transaction Agreement in accordance with Section 9.1(e) or
Section 9.1(g) and (B) from and after the expiration of the Applicable Period, on the date that is (1) three months following the termination of the Transaction Agreement, if the Transaction Agreement is terminated in accordance with
Section 9.1(e) or (2) five months following the termination of the Transaction Agreement, if the Transaction Agreement is terminated in accordance with Section 9.1(f) (solely to the extent resulting from Willful Breach by the Company)
or Section 9.1(g) thereof, in each case of clauses (1) and (2), except with respect to Section 2.1, Section 2.2 (other than each Shareholders obligation to vote (or cause to be
voted), or deliver (or cause to be delivered) a written consent, against any Company Takeover Proposal as set forth in clause (z) thereof), Section 2.3 and Section 2.7, each of which shall
terminate immediately upon termination of the Transaction Agreement, (ii) immediately upon termination of the Transaction Agreement, if the Transaction Agreement is terminated in accordance with Section 9.1(a), Section 9.1(b),
Section 9.1(c), Section 9.1(d), Section 9.1(f) (other than as described in the foregoing clause (i) of this Section 6) or Section 9.1(h) thereof, (iii) immediately as of and following the
Acceptance Time, or (iv) immediately, upon written notice by a Shareholder to Parent, if there has been any modification, waiver or amendment to any provision of the Transaction Agreement that reduces or changes the form of Offer Consideration
to be paid in respect of the Shares (in each case, without such Shareholders prior written consent) (the date that any such termination is effective pursuant to clauses (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) of this Section 6,
the Expiration Time). Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall relieve any Party hereto from liability for any breach of this Agreement that occurred prior to such termination. 

7. Duties. Each Shareholder is entering into this Agreement solely in its capacity as Beneficial Owner of the Shares, and nothing in
this Agreement shall apply to any Person serving in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the Company. Parent acknowledges that investment professionals affiliated with such Shareholder may serve on the Company Board and agrees that any
actions taken by a director or officer of the Company in his or her capacity as such shall not constitute actions taken by or on behalf of any Shareholder. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to prohibit a Person
(or be construed to create any obligation on such Person) who is an officer or member of the Company Board from taking any action (or failure to act) in his or her capacity as an officer or member of the Company Board or from taking any action with
respect to any Company Takeover Proposal in his or her capacity as an officer or director of the Company or in the exercise of his or her duties in his or her capacity as director or officer of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and no action
taken in any such capacity as an officer or director of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries shall be deemed to constitute a breach of this Agreement. 

8. No Ownership Interest. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to vest
in Parent or any of its direct or indirect owners any direct or indirect ownership or incidence of ownership of or with respect to the Shares. All rights, ownership and economic benefits of and relating to the Shares shall remain vested in and
belong to each Shareholder, as applicable, and neither Parent nor any of its direct or indirect owners shall have the authority to direct such Shareholder in the voting or disposition of any Shares, except as otherwise expressly provided herein.

9. Miscellaneous. 

9.1 Enforcement. The Parties agree that money damages would be both incalculable and an insufficient remedy and that
irreparable damage would occur if any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed that each of the Parties shall be entitled to specific
performance, an injunction or other equitable relief to prevent breaches or violations of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of this Agreement in any Chosen Court. Moreover, and in recognition of the foregoing, each
of the Parties hereby waives (a) any defense in any action for specific performance of this Agreement that a remedy at Law would be adequate or that a remedy of specific performance is unenforceable, invalid, contrary to Law or inequitable for
any reason and (b) any requirement under any Law for any Party to post security as a prerequisite to obtaining equitable relief. Each Party acknowledges and agrees that the agreements contained in this Section 9.1 are
an integral part of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and that, without these agreements, the other Party would not enter into this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Parties hereby agree that
specific performance or injunctive relief pursuant to this Section 9.1 shall be the sole and exclusive remedy with respect to breaches or threatened breaches by each Shareholder under this Agreement, and neither Parent nor
any of its Affiliates may pursue or accept any other form of relief (including monetary damages or reimbursement) that may be available at law or in equity for any breach or violation of this Agreement. 

9.2 Assignment. Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations of the Parties hereunder shall be
assigned by any of the Parties (whether by operation of Law or otherwise) without the prior written consent of the other Party, which may be granted or withheld in the sole discretion of the other Party. Any attempt to make any such assignment
without such consent shall be null and void. Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement shall be binding upon, inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns. 

9.3 No Rights or Obligations of the Company: The undertakings and
representations and warranties by each Shareholder contained herein are for the sole benefit of and can only be enforced by Parent and do not create any rights for or obligations by the Company to such Shareholder or the Parent, as the case may be.

9.4 Amendment. This Agreement may not be amended, modified or supplemented in any manner, whether by course of
conduct or otherwise, except by an instrument in writing specifically designated as an amendment hereto, signed on behalf of each of the Parties in interest at the time of the amendment. 

9.5 Notices. All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed duly given and
properly received on the date of delivery if delivered personally, when received when sent by email by the Party to be notified; provided that no bounceback or notice of non-delivery is
received or when delivered by a courier (with confirmation of delivery). All notices hereunder shall be delivered as set forth below or under such other instructions as may be designated in writing by the Party to receive such notice. 

(i) if to Parent, to:

Shift4 Payments, Inc.

3501 Corporate Parkway

Center Valley, PA 18034

Email: tlauber@shift4.com

jfrankel@shift4.com

Attention: 

Taylor Lauber

Jordan Frankel

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Latham & Watkins LLP

1271 Avenue of the Americas

New York, NY 10020

Email: andrew.elken@lw.com

leah.sauter@lw.com

Attention: Andrew Elken

Leah Sauter

(ii) if to the Shareholders, to:

Partners Group Private Equity (Master Fund), LLC

c/o Partners Group (USA) Inc.

1114 Avenue of the Americas

37th Floor

New York, NY 10036

USA 

Email: 

PGadmin@partnersgroup.com

ulf.pagenkopf@partnersgroup.com

johannes.vonpfister@partnersgroup.com

Attention: Ulf Pagenkopf

Johannes von Pfister

Partners Group Barrier Reef, L.P.

c/o Partners Group AG

Unternehmer-Park 3

6340
Baar

Switzerland

Email: 

PGadmin@partnersgroup.com

ulf.pagenkopf@partnersgroup.com

johannes.vonpfister@partnersgroup.com

Attention: Ulf Pagenkopf

Johannes von Pfister

Partners Group Client Access 5, L.P.

Inc. c/o Partners Group AG

Unternehmer-Park 3

6340
Baar

Switzerland

Email: 

PGadmin@partnersgroup.com

ulf.pagenkopf@partnersgroup.com

johannes.vonpfister@partnersgroup.com

Attention: 

Ulf Pagenkopf

Johannes von
Pfister

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Kirkland & Ellis International LLP

30 St Mary Axe

London

EC3A 8AF

United Kingdom

Email: hamesh.khatkar@kirkland.com

Attention: Hamesh Khatkar

9.6 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, interpreted and construed
with regard to, in all respects, including as to validity, interpretation and effect, the Laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to its principles or rules of conflict of laws. The Merger Agreement shall be governed by, interpreted and
construed with regard to, in all respects, including as to validity, interpretation and effect, the Laws of Switzerland, without giving effect to its principles or rules of conflict of laws. 

9.7 Submission to Jurisdiction. Each Party irrevocably and unconditionally consents, agrees and submits to the exclusive
jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (and appropriate appellate courts therefrom) (the Chosen Courts), for the purposes of any Action with respect to the subject matter hereof (other than the Merger
Agreement, which shall be interpreted, construed, governed and enforced as set forth 

therein). Each Party agrees to commence any Action relating hereto only in the State of Delaware, or if such Action may not be brought in such court for reasons of subject matter jurisdiction, in
the other appellate courts therefrom or other courts of the State of Delaware. Each Party irrevocably and unconditionally waives any objection to the laying of venue of any Action with respect to the subject matter hereof (other than the Merger
Agreement, which shall be interpreted, construed, governed and enforced as set forth therein) in the Chosen Courts, and hereby further irrevocably and unconditionally waives and agrees not to plead or claim in any such court that any such Action
brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. Each Party further irrevocably and unconditionally consents to and grants any such court jurisdiction over the Person of such Parties and, to the extent legally effective, over the
subject matter of any such dispute and agrees that mailing of process or other documents in connection with any such Action in the manner provided in Section 9.5 hereof or in such other manner as may be permitted by
applicable Law, shall be valid and sufficient service thereof. The Parties agree that a final judgment in any such Action shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by
applicable Law; provided, however, that nothing in the foregoing shall restrict any partys rights to seek any post-judgment relief regarding, or any appeal from such final trial court judgment. 

9.8 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH OF THE PARTIES HEREBY WAIVES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW ANY
RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY WITH RESPECT TO ANY LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THE MERGER. EACH OF THE PARTIES HEREBY CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF
THE OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS
CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT, AS APPLICABLE, BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 9.8. 

9.9 Interpretation. The Parties have participated jointly in negotiating and drafting this Agreement. If an ambiguity or
a question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the Parties, and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any Party by virtue of the authorship of any provision
of this Agreement. When a reference is made in this Agreement to sections or subsections, such reference shall be to a section or subsection of this Agreement unless otherwise indicated. The headings contained in this Agreement are for reference
purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. Whenever the words include, includes or including are used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by
the words without limitation unless otherwise indicated. The words herein, hereof, hereunder and words of similar import shall be deemed to refer to this Agreement as a whole, including the schedules
and annexes hereto, and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. Any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. References to CHF in this 

Agreement are to the lawful currency of Switzerland. References to any agreement shall be deemed to include the exhibits, schedules and annexes to such agreement, together with all amendments
thereto. References to any Law shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, replacing, supplementing or interpreting such Law. Time periods within or following which any act is to be done shall be calculated by
excluding the day on which the period commences and including the day on which the period ends and by extending the period to the next Business Day following if the last day of the period is not a Business Day. 

9.10 Entire Agreement; Third-Party Beneficiaries. 

(a) This Agreement (including the documents and the instruments referred to herein) constitutes the entire agreement among the
Parties and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. 

(b) This Agreement is not intended to, and shall not, confer upon any other Person any rights or remedies hereunder, except as
set forth in or contemplated by the terms and provisions of Section 9.13. 

9.11
Severability. Any term or provision of this Agreement that is invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to that jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability and shall not render invalid or
unenforceable the remaining terms and provisions of this Agreement or affect the validity or enforceability of any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction. If any provision of this Agreement is so broad as to be
unenforceable, the provision shall be interpreted to be only so broad as is enforceable. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, this Agreement shall not be interpreted without giving effect to
Section 9.1 and Section 9.13. 

9.12 Counterparts. This Agreement
may be executed in separate counterparts, each of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when each of the Parties has delivered a signed counterpart to the other Party, it being understood that all Parties
need not sign the same counterpart. Delivery of an executed signature page of this Agreement by electronic transmission or electronic .pdf, including using generally recognized e-signature
technology (e.g., DocuSign or Adobe Sign), shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof. 

9.13
Non-Recourse. Notwithstanding anything that may be expressed or implied in this Agreement or any document or instrument delivered in connection herewith, by its acceptance of the benefits of this
Agreement, each Shareholder and Parent each covenant, agree and acknowledge that no Persons other than the Parties hereto have any liabilities, obligations, commitments (whether known or unknown or whether contingent or otherwise) hereunder, and
that each Party has no right of recovery under this Agreement, or any claim based on such liabilities, obligations, commitments against, and no personal liability shall attach to, the former, current or future equity holders, controlling persons,
directors, officers, employees, agents, Affiliates, members, managers or general or limited 

partners of any of either Party or any former, current or future equity holder, controlling person, director, officer, employee, general or limited partner, member, manager, Affiliate or agent of
any of the foregoing (collectively, but not including the Parties hereto, each a Non-Recourse Party), through the other Party or otherwise, whether by or through attempted piercing of the
corporate veil, by or through a claim by or on behalf of the other Party against any Non-Recourse Party, by the enforcement of any assessment or by any legal or equitable proceeding, by virtue of any statute,
regulation or Law, or otherwise. Without limiting the foregoing, no claim will be brought or maintained by each Shareholder, Parent or any of its Affiliates or any of their respective successors or permitted assigns against any Non-Recourse Party that is not otherwise expressly identified as a Party to this Agreement, and no recourse will be brought or granted against any of them, by virtue of or based upon any alleged misrepresentation or
inaccuracy in or breach or nonperformance of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements of any Party set forth or contained in this Agreement, any exhibit or schedule hereto, any other document contemplated hereby or any
certificate, instrument, opinion, agreement or other document of the other Party or any other Person delivered hereunder. The Non-Recourse Parties shall be express third-party beneficiaries of this
Section 9.13. 

9.14 Fees and Expenses. All Expenses incurred in connection with this
Agreement, the Transaction Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby shall be paid by the party incurring such Expense, except as otherwise expressly provided in the Transaction Agreement and this
Section 9.14. If the Offer is completed, Parent shall pay, or cause the Company to pay, legal Expenses incurred by each Shareholder in connection with the negotiation and execution of this Agreement, up to an aggregate
amount not to exceed $500,000.00. 

9.15 Affiliated Entities. If any controlled Affiliate of a Shareholder becomes a
Beneficial Owner of Shares on or after the date hereof, such Shareholder shall give Parent a written notice thereof as promptly as practicable in advance of such controlled Affiliate becoming a Beneficial Owner and such controlled Affiliate
shall, and such Shareholder shall cause such controlled Affiliate to, promptly (and in advance of such controlled Affiliate becoming a Beneficial Owner) execute a joinder to this Agreement substantially in the form attached hereto as Annex I,
to ensure that such controlled Affiliate is subject to the obligations under this Agreement applicable to such Shareholder and that such Shares are subject to this Agreement. 

9.16 Several Liability. Each obligation described herein of the Shareholders or any Shareholder, as the case may be,
shall be a several (and not joint or joint and several) liability of each Shareholder. No Shareholder shall have any liability whatsoever for any action or inaction of any other Shareholder party hereto. 

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the
date first above written. 

SHIFT4 PAYMENTS, INC.

By: 

/s/ Taylor Lauber

Name: Taylor Lauber

Title: President

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO TENDER AND SUPPORT AGREEMENT] 

PARTNERS GROUP PRIVATE EQUITY (MASTER FUND), LLC

By: Partners Group (USA) Inc., as investment manager

By: Partners Group AG, under power of attorney

By: 

/s/ Ryan Saunders

Name: Ryan Saunders

Title: Authorized Signatory

By: 

/s/ Hayley Elliott

Name: Hayley Elliott

Title: Authorized Signatory

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO TENDER AND SUPPORT AGREEMENT] 

PARTNERS GROUP BARRIER REEF, L.P.

By: Partners Group Management XIII Limited, its general partner

By: Partners Group AG, its investment manager

By: 

/s/ Ryan Saunders

Name: Ryan Saunders

Title: Authorized Signatory

By: 

/s/ Hayley Elliott

Name: Hayley Elliott

Title: Authorized Signatory

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO TENDER AND SUPPORT AGREEMENT] 

PARTNERS GROUP CLIENT ACCESS 5 L.P. INC.

By: Partners Group Client Access Management I Limited, its general partner

By: Partners Group AG, its investment manager

By: 

/s/ Ryan Saunders

Name: Ryan Saunders

Title: Authorized Signatory

By: 

/s/ Hayley Elliott

Name: Hayley Elliott

Title: Authorized Signatory

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO TENDER AND SUPPORT AGREEMENT] 

Annex I 

Form of Joinder 

The
undersigned is executing and delivering this joinder agreement (this Joinder) pursuant to that certain Tender and Support Agreement, dated as of February 16, 2025 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from
time to time in accordance with its terms, the Support Agreement) by and between Shift4 Payments, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Parent), and [] (the Shareholder), a shareholder of Global
Blue Group Holding AG, a stock corporation incorporated under the laws of Switzerland, with its registered office in Zurichstrasse 38, 8306, Bruttisellen, Switzerland (the Company). Capitalized terms used but not defined in this
Joinder shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in the Support Agreement. 

By executing and delivering this Joinder to
the Support Agreement, the undersigned hereby adopts and approves the Support Agreement and agrees, effective commencing on the date hereof and as a condition to the undersigned becoming a Beneficial Owner of Shares, to become a Party to, and to be
bound by and comply with the provisions of, the Support Agreement applicable to the Shareholder in the same manner as if the undersigned were an original signatory to the Support Agreement. 

The undersigned hereby represents and warrants that it is a controlled Affiliate of
[]1. 

Section 9 of the Support Agreement is hereby incorporated herein by
reference, mutatis mutandis. 

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

1 

The Shareholder transferring Shares. 

Accordingly, the undersigned has executed and delivered this Joinder as of
theday of_____________________________, _______ . 

[TRANSFEREE]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Notice Information

Address:

Email:

Schedule A 

Shares 

Name and Address of Shareholder 

Number of Company Common Shares

Partners Group Private Equity (Master Fund), LLC

c/o Partners Group (USA) Inc.

1114 Avenue of the Americas

37th
Floor

New York, NY 10036

USA 97,520

Partners Group Barrier Reef, L.P.

c/o Partners Group AG

Unternehmer-Park 3

6340 Baar

Switzerland 162,535

Partners Group Client Access 5, L.P. Inc.

c/o Partners Group AG

Unternehmer-Park 3

6340 Baar

Switzerland 2,511,151
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>d916492dex105.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.5
<TEXT>
EX-10.5

Exhibit 10.5 

EXECUTION VERSION 

TENDER AND
SUPPORT AGREEMENT 

This TENDER AND SUPPORT AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of February 16, 2025, is made
by and among Shift4 Payments, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Parent), and the undersigned shareholder (the Shareholder) of Global Blue Group Holding AG, a stock corporation incorporated under the laws of
Switzerland, with its registered office in Zurichstrasse 38, 8306, Bruttisellen, Switzerland (the Company). Parent and the Shareholder are each sometimes referred to herein as a Party and, collectively, as the
Parties. 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS, concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, Parent and the Company are entering into a Transaction Agreement,
dated as of the date hereof, (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with its terms, the Transaction Agreement), pursuant to which, among other things, Merger Sub shall (and Parent
shall cause Merger Sub to) commence a tender offer (the Offer) to acquire all of the outstanding Company Shares, in which Offer each Company Share validly tendered and not properly withdrawn would be purchased for the Common Share
Offer Consideration, the Series A Offer Consideration or the Series B Offer Consideration, as applicable, and following completion of the Offer, and provided that at such time Parent directly or indirectly has acquired or controls at least 90% of
the then outstanding Company Shares, the Company and Merger Sub will consummate a statutory squeeze-out merger pursuant to which the Company shall be merged with and into Merger Sub, with Merger Sub continuing
as the surviving corporation and as a wholly-owned Subsidiary of Parent (the Merger), in each case, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Transaction Agreement; 

WHEREAS, as of the date hereof, the Shareholder Beneficially Owns the Company Common Shares set forth on Schedule A (together with any
Company Common Shares, Company Series A Preferred Shares and Company Series B Preferred Shares with respect to which the Shareholder or any of its controlled Affiliates acquires Beneficial Ownership of, on or after the date hereof and prior to the
Expiration Time, collectively, the Shareholders Shares); 

WHEREAS, concurrently with the execution and delivery
of this Agreement and the Transaction Agreement, the Specified Shareholders of the Company are entering into tender and support agreements substantially in the form of this Agreement; 

WHEREAS, the Company Board has (a) determined that the Transaction Agreement is in the best interests of, and fair to, the Company and
its shareholders, and declared it advisable for the Company to enter into the Transaction Agreement and effect the Board Modification, (b) adopted the Transaction Agreement and authorized and approved the Offer and the other transactions
contemplated thereby, and (c) resolved to recommend that the shareholders of the Company accept the Offer and tender their Company Shares in the Offer and approve and adopt the Board Modification at the Company Shareholder Meeting subject to
the terms of the Transaction Agreement, and directed that such matters be submitted for consideration by the shareholders of the Company at the Company Shareholder Meeting; and 

WHEREAS, Parent desires that the Shareholder agrees, and the Shareholder is willing to
agree, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, not to Transfer (as defined below) any of its Shares, to accept the offer and tender its Shares in the Offer and to vote all of its Shares in favor of the approval and adoption of
the Board Modification and against any action or proposal that would reasonably be expected to interfere with or delay the timely consummation of the Offer or the Merger. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements set forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows: 

1.
Definitions. This Agreement is a Specified Shareholders Support Agreement as defined in the Transaction Agreement. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms
in the Transaction Agreement. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings indicated below: 

Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble. 

Applicable Period means the period beginning upon the execution and delivery of this Agreement and ending at
11:59 p.m., New York City time, on the day that is the later of (a) the Final Date and (b) the fifth Business Day immediately following Parents receipt (if applicable) of either (i) the final Notice of Company Recommendation
Change (including any new Notice of Recommendation change as a result of any material amendments to the Company Superior Proposal) with respect to a Qualifying Proposal or (ii) the final Notice of Superior Proposal (including any new Notice of
Superior Proposal change as a result of any material amendments to the Company Superior Proposal) with respect to a Qualifying Proposal. For purposes of this definition, the final Notice of Company Recommendation Change and the
final Notice of Company Superior Proposal shall mean the Notice of Company Recommendation Change or the Notice of Company Superior Proposal, as applicable, after which either (x) Parent has not negotiated with the Company to
make adjustments to the terms and conditions of the Transaction Agreement during the applicable period under Section 7.4(e) of the Transaction Agreement in response to a Qualifying Proposal or (y) the Person or group submitting the
Qualifying Proposal has not made a material amendments to the Company Superior Proposal within five Business Days after submitting to the Company such Qualifying Proposal. 

Beneficially Own, Beneficial Ownership or Beneficial Owner shall mean,
with respect to any securities, having beneficial ownership of such securities for purposes of Rule 13d-3 or 13d-5 under the Exchange Act (or any successor
statute or regulation). 

Chosen Courts shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 9.7. 

Company shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble. 

control shall mean the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to direct, or cause the direction of,
the management and policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, voting equity, limited liability company interests, general partner interests, or other voting interests, by contract or otherwise. 

Expiration Time shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 6. 

Final Date means March 4, 2025. 

Governing Documents shall mean, with respect to any Person, such Persons articles or certificate of
association, incorporation, formation or organization, bylaws, limited liability company agreement, partnership agreement or other constituent document or documents, each in its currently effective form as amended from time to time. 

Merger shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 

Non-Recourse Party shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 9.13. 

Offer shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 

Other Shareholder means any other shareholder of the Company entering into a Tender and Support Agreement in
connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreement. 

Other Tender and Support
Agreement means any Tender and Support Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, between Parent and any Other Shareholder. 

Parent shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble. 

Party or Parties shall each have the meaning set forth in the Preamble. 

Qualifying Proposal means a Company Takeover Proposal with respect to which the Company has delivered to
Parent either a Notice of Company Recommendation Change or a Notice of Superior Proposal, in each case, prior to 11:59 p.m., New York City time, on the Final Date. 

Shareholder shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 

Shares shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 

Side Arrangements shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.10. 

Transaction Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 

Transfer shall mean, with respect to any Share, any direct or indirect sale, transfer, tender, exchange,
conversion, assignment, pledge, hypothecation, mortgage, license, gift, creation of a security interest in or lien on, placement in trust (voting or otherwise), encumbrance or other disposition of any interest (including the right to vote) in such
Share, as applicable, including those by way of any spin-off (such as through a dividend), hedging or derivative transactions, sale, transfer or assignment of a majority of the equity interest in, or sale,
transfer or assignment of control of, any Person holding such Share, as applicable, merger, consolidation, division, statutory conversion, domestication, transfer or continuance, share exchange, operation of Law, or otherwise. 

2. Certain Agreements. 

2.1 Agreement to Tender. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Shareholder shall, and shall cause its controlled
Affiliates to validly tender, or cause to be tendered, in the Offer, as promptly as practicable following the commencement of the Offer (but in any event within ten Business Days following the commencement of the Offer (within the meaning of Rule 14d-2 of the Exchange Act)) all of its Shares pursuant to the terms of the Offer and shall not withdraw, or cause to be withdrawn such Shares at any time, unless and until this Agreement shall have been validly
terminated in accordance with Section 6. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, no later than ten Business Days after the commencement (within the meaning of Rule 14d-2 of
the Exchange Act) of the Offer, the Shareholder shall, and shall cause its controlled Affiliates to deliver pursuant to the terms of the Offer (i) a letter of transmittal with respect to all Shares complying with the terms of the Offer,
(ii) a certificate (or effective affidavit of loss in lieu thereof) representing the Shares or an agents message (or such other evidence, if any, of transfer as the Exchange Agent may reasonably request) in the case of
book-entry evidence and (iii) all other documents or instruments reasonably required to be delivered by shareholders of the Company pursuant to the terms of the Offer or as Parent may reasonably require or request in order to effect the valid
tender of the Shares in accordance with the terms of the Offer or cause the Shareholders broker or such other Person that is the holder of record of any Shares Beneficially Owned by the Shareholder to validly tender such Shares pursuant to and
in accordance with this Section 2.1 and the terms of the Offer. If the Offer is terminated or withdrawn by Merger Sub in accordance with the Transaction Agreement or the Transaction Agreement is terminated in accordance
with Article IX thereof prior to the purchase of the Shares in the Offer, Parent and Merger Sub shall promptly return, and shall cause any depository or paying agent, acting on behalf of Parent and Merger Sub, to promptly return all tendered Shares
to the Shareholder. 

2.2 Agreement to Vote. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Shareholder hereby
irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that from the date hereof and until the Expiration Time, at any meeting of shareholders of the Company called to vote upon the Board Modification, including the Company Shareholder Meeting, or at any
adjournment or postponement thereof or in any other circumstances upon which a vote, consent or approval is sought with respect to the Board Modification, the Shareholder shall, and shall cause its controlled Affiliates to, in each case (whether by
proxy or in person), to the fullest extent that the Shares are entitled to vote thereon be present and vote (or cause to be voted), or deliver (or cause to be delivered) a written consent with respect to all of its Shares (w) in favor of the
adoption and approval of the Board Modification and any other proposal required for the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreement, (x) against any proposal, motion, action, agreement or transaction that would
reasonably be expected to (A) directly result in a breach of any covenant, representation or warranty or any other obligation or agreement of the Company contained in the Transaction Agreement, or of the Shareholder contained in this Agreement
or (B) result in any of the conditions set forth in Annex C of the Transaction Agreement not being satisfied prior to the End Date; (y) against any change in the Company Board (other than the Board Modification or in the event of a
directors death or resignation, to fill the vacancy created thereby); and (z) against any Company Takeover Proposal and against any other action, 

agreement or transaction involving the Company that would reasonably be expected to materially impede, materially delay or prevent the consummation of the Offer, including (1) any proposal
to authorize, declare, set aside, make or pay any dividends on, or make other distributions in respect of, any of its share capital; (2) any proposal to adjust, split, combine or reclassify any of its share capital, or any other securities in
respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for, shares of its share capital; (3) any amendment or proposal to amend the articles of association of the Company (except for amendments to the Companys articles of association incidental to or
in connection with the issue of Company Common Shares permitted pursuant to Section 6.1(b) of the Transaction Agreement or cancellations of Company Shares held in treasury); (4) any restriction on the transferability of shares; (5) any
sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company (faktische Liquidation); and (6) any merger, demerger or similar reorganization of the Company, in each case of the foregoing clauses (1) through (6), if such actions
would reasonably be expected to materially impede, materially delay or prevent the consummation of the Offer. If and to the extent the Company convenes any general meeting, the Shareholder has the right to vote in favor of the proposals by the
Company Board with respect to the items to be included by law in the agenda of such general meeting to the extent otherwise permitted by this Section 2.2. 

2.3 Waiver of Appraisal Rights. The Shareholder hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives and agrees to cause to be
waived and to prevent the exercise of or any demand related to, any rights of appraisal or any dissenters rights in respect of the Shares that exist in relation to the Offer, the Merger and/or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Agreement. 

2.4 [Intentionally Omitted.] 

2.5 No Solicitation by the Shareholder. From and after the execution of this Agreement and until the Expiration Time,
the Shareholder shall not, and shall cause its Subsidiaries not to, and shall cause its and its Subsidiaries respective directors, officers, employees and Representatives not to, directly or indirectly, (i) solicit, initiate, propose,
knowingly encourage or knowingly facilitate any inquiry, discussion, offer or request that constitutes, or would reasonably be expected to lead to a Company Takeover Proposal, (ii) enter into, continue, initiate or otherwise participate in any
discussions (except to notify a Person of the existence of the provisions of this Section 2.5 and Section 7.4 of the Transaction Agreement) or negotiations regarding, or furnish to any Person (other than to Parent and
its Representatives) any non-public information regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or afford to any Person (other than to Parent and its Representatives) access to the properties, books, records,
officers or personnel of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with any Company Takeover Proposal or any inquiry, discussion or request that would reasonably be expected to lead to a Company Takeover Proposal, (iii) approve,
endorse, adopt or recommend, or publicly propose to approve, endorse, adopt or recommend, any Company Takeover Proposal or submit to the vote of its shareholders any Company Takeover Proposal before the termination of this Agreement in accordance
with its terms or (iv) enter into or execute, or approve or recommend or publicly propose to approve or recommend the entering into of any letter of intent, memorandum of understanding, amalgamation or merger agreement or other agreement,

arrangement or understanding relating to any Company Takeover Proposal before the termination of this Agreement in accordance its terms (other than a Company Acceptable Confidentiality Agreement)
or (v) formally authorize any of, or commit, resolve or agree to do any of, the foregoing. Upon the execution of this Agreement until the Expiration Time, the Shareholder shall and shall cause its Subsidiaries and each of its and their
respective directors, officers and employees to, and shall direct, and use its reasonable best efforts to cause its other Representatives to immediately cease any existing solicitation, encouragement, discussions or negotiations with any Person or
group relating to any Company Takeover Proposal or any discussion that would reasonably be expected to lead to a Company Takeover Proposal. Any violation of the restrictions set forth in this Section 2.5 by any
Representative of the Shareholder shall be deemed to be a breach of this Section 2.5 by the Shareholder. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, (i) this Section 2.5 shall not
restrict the Shareholder from (A) taking any action or doing anything that the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is permitted to do in accordance with the terms of Section 7.4 of the Transaction Agreement, (B) sharing with the
Company Board any Company Takeover Proposal received by the Shareholder; provided that such Company Takeover Proposal referenced in this clause (B) was not received in violation of this Section 2.5 or
(C) communicating with Other Shareholders of the Company that are party to an Other Tender and Support Agreement so long as such communications would not reasonably be expected to require the Shareholder, any Other Shareholder or the Company to
make any public disclosure, and (ii) the Shareholder shall under no circumstances be liable for any actions taken or any failure to act by the Company under or in respect of the Transaction Agreement or the transactions contemplated thereby.
For purposes of this Agreement, none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries shall be deemed to be a Subsidiary or a Representative of the Shareholder for any purpose hereunder. 

2.6 Company Takeover Proposal. From and after the execution of this Agreement and until the Expiration Time, the
Shareholder shall not submit to the Company or the Company Board, or publicly propose, any Company Takeover Proposal. For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing shall not restrict the Shareholder from sharing with the Company Board any Company
Takeover Proposal received by the Shareholder in compliance with Section 2.5. 

2.7 Regulatory
Cooperation. From and after the execution of this Agreement and until the Expiration Time, the Shareholder shall provide any information of the type customarily provided to a Governmental Entity by a Person similarly situated to the Shareholder
to the extent necessary to obtain each Required Approval pursuant to the Transaction Agreement, in each case as promptly as reasonably practicable after any request by Parent or the Company; provided that the Shareholder shall not be required
to provide any information that is subject to attorney-client privilege, confidentiality obligations or legal restrictions to which the Shareholder or its Affiliates are bound. 

2.8 Termination of Contracts. The Shareholder hereby agrees with Parent that, at or prior to the Acceptance Time, except
as otherwise may be agreed in writing by Parent, the Shareholder shall take actions within the Shareholders control to terminate or sign such agreements as are necessary to terminate the contracts set forth on Schedule B;
provided that such termination shall be effective upon occurrence of the Acceptance Time. 

2.9 [Intentionally Omitted.] 

2.10 Other Tender and Support Agreements. Parent will not, and will cause each of its controlled Affiliates not to,
amend, modify, waive or terminate any provision of any Other Tender and Support Agreement, or enter into any other agreement (including side letters) that is inconsistent in a material respect with this Agreement or the other Tender and Support
Agreements, as applicable, with any Other Shareholders (collectively Side Arrangements), in each case, without the prior written consent of the Shareholder. Each Other Shareholder shall be an express third-party beneficiary of
this Section 2.10 and shall be entitled to enforce this Section 2.10. 

3. Agreement
Not to Transfer or Encumber. The Shareholder hereby agrees with Parent that, from the date hereof until the Expiration Time, it shall not, directly or indirectly, (i) Transfer (or enter into any contract related to the Transfer of) any of
its Shares or any right, title or interest therein, (ii) deposit any of its Shares into a voting trust or enter into a voting agreement, voting trust or arrangement with respect to any Shares, as applicable, (iii) grant a proxy or power of
attorney or other authorization or consent with respect to the Shares, (iv) enter into any agreement or take any action that would make any covenant, agreement, representation or warranty of the Shareholder contained herein untrue, incorrect,
ineffective or unenforceable in any material respect or have the effect of preventing the Shareholder from performing any of its obligations under this Agreement, or (v) approve or consent to any of the foregoing; provided that,
notwithstanding the foregoing, the Shareholder may Transfer Shares (A) to an Affiliate of the Shareholder that, concurrently with such Transfer, executes a joinder substantially in the form attached hereto as Annex I, (B) to any
custodian or nominee in connection with the tender of Shares in the Offer, or (C) in order to tender Shares in the Offer as provided hereunder and under the Transaction Agreement. Any Transfer or attempted Transfer of any Shares in violation of
this Section 3 shall be null and void ab initio. If any involuntary Transfer of any of the Shares shall occur (including a sale by the Shareholders trustee in any bankruptcy, or a sale to a purchaser at any
creditors or court sale), the transferee (which term, as used herein, shall include any and all transferees and subsequent transferees of the initial transferee) shall take and hold such Shares subject to all of the restrictions, liabilities
and rights under this Agreement, which shall continue in full force and effect until valid termination of this Agreement in accordance with Section 6. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Shareholder shall
be permitted to grant a proxy or power of attorney or other authorization or consent to the Companys independent proxy (as elected on the annual general meeting of the shareholders of the Company) on the Companys official proxy card to
vote the Shares in a manner consistent with the terms of this Agreement. 

4. Representations, Warranties and Covenants of the
Shareholder. The Shareholder hereby represents and warrants to Parent as follows: 

4.1 The Shareholder has all
requisite power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder. The Shareholder is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing in accordance with the laws of its jurisdiction of formation, as
applicable. The execution and delivery by the Shareholder of this Agreement and the performance of its obligations hereunder have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action in accordance with the
Shareholders Governing Documents, as applicable. This Agreement has been duly 

executed and delivered by the Shareholder and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement by Parent and in case of the Company Series B Preferred Shares and the
Company Series A Preferred Shares approval by the Company Board on the transfer, constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Shareholder, except to the extent that enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or
similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforcement is considered in a proceeding at law or at equity). 

4.2 The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Shareholder and the performance of its obligations hereunder will not
constitute or result in (i) a breach or violation of, or a default under, the Governing Documents of the Shareholder, (ii) a breach or violation of, a termination (or right of termination) or default under, the creation or acceleration of
any obligations under, or the creation of a Lien on any of the assets of by the Shareholder (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) pursuant to, any agreement, lease, license, contract, note, mortgage, indenture, arrangement or other
obligation binding upon by the Shareholder, or (iii) a conflict with, breach or violation of any Law applicable to by the Shareholder or by which its properties are bound or affected, except, in the case of clauses (ii) or (iii), for any
breach, violation, termination, default, creation or acceleration that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to impair the ability of by the Shareholder to perform its obligations under this Agreement on a timely basis.

4.3 As of the date hereof, the Shareholder (i) Beneficially Owns the Shares and has good and marketable title to all
such Shares, free and clear of any and all Liens, other than those that may be created by this Agreement and (ii) has sole voting power over and sole power to issue instructions with respect to the matters set forth herein and the right to
consent (or cause to consent) to all of the matters set forth in this Agreement, in each case, with respect to all of such Shares. 

4.4 Except as contemplated by this Agreement, the Shareholder has not entered into any tender, voting or other agreement or
arrangement, or proxy or power of attorney, with respect to any of its Shares or entered into any other contract relating to the voting of any of its Shares. Any and all proxies in respect of the Shares in effect prior to the date hereof are
revocable, and such proxies either have been revoked prior to the date hereof or are hereby revoked. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Section 4.4 shall limit the ability of the Shareholder to grant a proxy or
power of attorney, or issue voting instructions, to the Companys independent proxy in accordance with Section 3 and the applicable Swiss Law. 

4.5 As of the date hereof, there is no Action pending or, to the knowledge of the Shareholder, threatened against or affecting
the Shareholder that, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to materially impair the ability of the Shareholder to perform its obligations under this Agreement or to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
on a timely basis. 

4.6 The Shareholder hereby authorizes Parent to publish and disclose in any
announcement or disclosure in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreement, including the Other Parent Filings and the Other Company Filings, its identity and ownership of its Shares consistent with public filings made
by the Shareholder and the nature of its obligations under this Agreement, and agrees that it shall promptly furnish to Parent any information reasonably available to the Shareholder that Parent may reasonably request for the preparation of any such
announcement or disclosure in order to comply with applicable Law and notify Parent of any required corrections with respect to any written information supplied by it specifically for use in any such announcement or disclosure, if and to the extent
that any such information contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading. 

4.7 The Shareholder (i) has been represented by or has had the opportunity to be represented
by, independent counsel of its own choice, and has had the full right and opportunity to consult with its attorney and avail itself of this opportunity, (ii) has received, and reviewed and fully understands this Agreement and the Transaction
Agreement, and has had the opportunity to have the Agreement and the Transaction Agreement fully explained by counsel of its choosing, and is fully aware of the contents thereof and its meaning, intent and legal effect, and (iii) is competent
to execute this Agreement and has executed this Agreement free from coercion, duress or undue influence. The Shareholder understands and acknowledges that Parent is entering into the Transaction Agreement in reliance upon the Shareholders
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. 

5. Representations, Warranties and Covenants of Parent. Parent hereby
represents and warrants to the Shareholder as follows: 

5.1 Parent has all requisite power and authority to execute and
deliver this Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder. Parent is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing in accordance with the laws of its jurisdiction of formation, as applicable. The execution and delivery by Parent of
this Agreement and the performance of its obligations hereunder have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action in accordance with Parents Governing Documents, as applicable. This Agreement has been duly
executed and delivered by Parent and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Shareholder and in case of the Company Series B Preferred Shares and the Company Series A Preferred Shares approval by the Company
Board on the transfer, constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of Parent, except to the extent that enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights
generally and subject to general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforcement is considered in a proceeding at law or at equity). 

5.2 The execution and delivery of this Agreement by Parent and the performance of its obligations hereunder will not constitute
or result in (i) a breach or violation of, or a default under, the Governing Documents of Parent, (ii) a breach or violation of, a termination (or right of termination) or default under, the creation or acceleration of any obligations
under, or the creation of a Lien on any of the assets of by 

Parent (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) pursuant to, any agreement, lease, license, contract, note, mortgage, indenture, arrangement or other obligation binding upon by Parent, or
(iii) a conflict with, breach or violation of any Law applicable to by Parent or by which its properties are bound or affected, except, in the case of clauses (ii) or (iii), for any breach, violation, termination, default, creation or
acceleration that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to impair the ability of Parent to perform its obligations under this Agreement on a timely basis. 

5.3 Parent has or has caused to be provided to the Shareholder true, correct and complete copies of (i) the Other Tender
and Support Agreements, and (ii) neither Parent nor its Affiliates have entered into any Side Arrangement without the prior written consent of the Shareholder. 

6. Termination. This Agreement shall terminate and shall have no further force or effect (i) (A) during the Applicable Period,
(x) immediately, upon written notice by the Shareholder to Parent, if there has been a Company Change of Recommendation or (y) immediately upon termination of the Transaction Agreement in accordance with Section 9.1(e) or
Section 9.1(g) and (B) from and after the expiration of the Applicable Period, on the date that is (1) three months following the termination of the Transaction Agreement, if the Transaction Agreement is terminated in accordance with
Section 9.1(e) or (2) five months following the termination of the Transaction Agreement, if the Transaction Agreement is terminated in accordance with Section 9.1(f) (solely to the extent resulting from Willful Breach by the Company)
or Section 9.1(g) thereof, in each case of clauses (1) and (2), except with respect to Section 2.1, Section 2.2 (other than the Shareholders obligation to vote (or cause to be
voted), or deliver (or cause to be delivered) a written consent, against any Company Takeover Proposal as set forth in clause (z) thereof), Section 2.3, Section 2.7 and
Section 2.8, each of which shall terminate immediately upon termination of the Transaction Agreement, (ii) immediately upon termination of the Transaction Agreement, if the Transaction Agreement is terminated in
accordance with Section 9.1(a), Section 9.1(b), Section 9.1(c), Section 9.1(d), Section 9.1(f) (other than as described in the foregoing clause (i) of this Section 6) or Section 9.1(h)
thereof, (iii) immediately as of and following the Acceptance Time, or (iv) immediately, upon written notice by the Shareholder to Parent, if there has been any modification, waiver or amendment to any provision of the Transaction
Agreement that reduces or changes the form of Offer Consideration to be paid in respect of the Shares (in each case, without the Shareholders prior written consent) (the date that any such termination is effective pursuant to clauses (i),
(ii), (iii) or (iv) of this Section 6, the Expiration Time). Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall relieve any Party hereto from liability for any breach of this Agreement that occurred
prior to such termination. 

7. Duties. The Shareholder is entering into this Agreement solely in its capacity as Beneficial Owner
of the Shares. 

8. No Ownership Interest. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to vest in Parent or any of its
direct or indirect owners any direct or indirect ownership or incidence of ownership of or with respect to the Shares. All rights, ownership and economic benefits of and relating to the Shares shall remain vested in and belong to the Shareholder,
and neither Parent nor any of its direct or indirect owners shall have the authority to direct the Shareholder in the voting or disposition of any Shares, except as otherwise expressly provided herein. 

9. Miscellaneous. 

9.1 Enforcement. The Parties agree that money damages would be both incalculable and an insufficient remedy and that
irreparable damage would occur if any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed that each of the Parties shall be entitled to specific
performance, an injunction or other equitable relief to prevent breaches or violations of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of this Agreement in any Chosen Court. Moreover, and in recognition of the foregoing, each
of the Parties hereby waives (a) any defense in any action for specific performance of this Agreement that a remedy at Law would be adequate or that a remedy of specific performance is unenforceable, invalid, contrary to Law or inequitable for
any reason and (b) any requirement under any Law for any Party to post security as a prerequisite to obtaining equitable relief. Each Party acknowledges and agrees that the agreements contained in this Section 9.1 are
an integral part of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and that, without these agreements, the other Party would not enter into this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Parties hereby agree that
specific performance or injunctive relief pursuant to this Section 9.1 shall be the sole and exclusive remedy with respect to breaches or threatened breaches by the Shareholder under this Agreement, and neither Parent nor
any of its Affiliates may pursue or accept any other form of relief (including monetary damages or reimbursement) that may be available at law or in equity for any breach or violation of this Agreement. 

9.2 Assignment. Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations of the Parties hereunder shall be
assigned by any of the Parties (whether by operation of Law or otherwise) without the prior written consent of the other Party, which may be granted or withheld in the sole discretion of the other Party. Any attempt to make any such assignment
without such consent shall be null and void. Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement shall be binding upon, inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns. 

9.3 No Rights or Obligations of the Company: The undertakings and representations and warranties by the Shareholder
contained herein are for the sole benefit of and can only be enforced by Parent and do not create any rights for or obligations by the Company to the Shareholder or the Parent, as the case may be. 

9.4 Amendment. This Agreement may not be amended, modified or supplemented in any manner, whether by course of conduct
or otherwise, except by an instrument in writing specifically designated as an amendment hereto, signed on behalf of each of the Parties in interest at the time of the amendment. 

9.5 Notices. All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed duly given and
properly received on the date of delivery if delivered personally, when received when sent by email by the Party to be notified; provided that no bounceback or notice of non-delivery is
received or when delivered by a courier (with confirmation of delivery). All notices hereunder shall be delivered as set forth below or under such other instructions as may be designated in writing by the Party to receive such notice. 

(i) if to Parent, to:

Shift4 Payments, Inc.

3501
Corporate Parkway

Center Valley, PA 18034

Email: tlauber@shift4.com

jfrankel@shift4.com

Attention: Taylor Lauber

Jordan Frankel

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Latham & Watkins LLP

1271
Avenue of the Americas

New York, NY 10020

Email: andrew.elken@lw.com

leah.sauter@lw.com

Attention: Andrew Elken

Leah Sauter

(ii) if to the Shareholder, to:

c/o Tencent Holdings Limited

Tencent Binhai Towers

No. 33 Haitian 2nd Road, Nanshan District

Shenzhen 518054, PRC

Email: PD_Support@tencent.com

Attention: Mergers and Acquisitions Department

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

c/o Tencent Holdings Limited

Level 29, Three Pacific Place 1 Queens Road East

Wanchai, Hong Kong

Email: legalnotice@tencent.com

Attention: Compliance and Transactions Department

and 

Davis Polk & Wardwell

10F
The Hong Kong Club Building

3A Chater Road

Hong Kong 

Email: miranda.so@davispolk.com

xi.shi@davispolk.com

Attention: 

Miranda So

Xi Shi

9.6 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, interpreted
and construed with regard to, in all respects, including as to validity, interpretation and effect, the Laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to its principles or rules of conflict of laws. The Merger Agreement shall be governed by,
interpreted and construed with regard to, in all respects, including as to validity, interpretation and effect, the Laws of Switzerland, without giving effect to its principles or rules of conflict of laws. 

9.7 Submission to Jurisdiction. Each Party irrevocably and unconditionally consents, agrees and submits to the exclusive
jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (and appropriate appellate courts therefrom) (the Chosen Courts), for the purposes of any Action with respect to the subject matter hereof (other than the Merger
Agreement, which shall be interpreted, construed, governed and enforced as set forth therein). Each Party agrees to commence any Action relating hereto only in the State of Delaware, or if such Action may not be brought in such court for reasons of
subject matter jurisdiction, in the other appellate courts therefrom or other courts of the State of Delaware. Each Party irrevocably and unconditionally waives any objection to the laying of venue of any Action with respect to the subject matter
hereof (other than the Merger Agreement, which shall be interpreted, construed, governed and enforced as set forth therein) in the Chosen Courts, and hereby further irrevocably and unconditionally waives and agrees not to plead or claim in any such
court that any such Action brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. Each Party further irrevocably and unconditionally consents to and grants any such court jurisdiction over the Person of such Parties and, to the extent
legally effective, over the subject matter of any such dispute and agrees that mailing of process or other documents in connection with any such Action in the manner provided in Section 9.5 hereof or in such other manner as
may be permitted by applicable Law, shall be valid and sufficient service thereof. The Parties agree that a final judgment in any such Action shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other
manner provided by applicable Law; provided, however, that nothing in the foregoing shall restrict any partys rights to seek any post-judgment relief regarding, or any appeal from such final trial court judgment. 

9.8 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH OF THE PARTIES HEREBY WAIVES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW ANY
RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY WITH RESPECT TO ANY LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THE MERGER. EACH OF THE PARTIES HEREBY CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF
THE OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS
CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT, AS APPLICABLE, BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 9.8. 

9.9 Interpretation. The Parties have participated jointly in
negotiating and drafting this Agreement. If an ambiguity or a question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the Parties, and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or
disfavoring any Party by virtue of the authorship of any provision of this Agreement. When a reference is made in this Agreement to sections or subsections, such reference shall be to a section or subsection of this Agreement unless otherwise
indicated. The headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. Whenever the words include, includes or
including are used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by the words without limitation unless otherwise indicated. The words herein, hereof, hereunder and words of
similar import shall be deemed to refer to this Agreement as a whole, including the schedules and annexes hereto, and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. Any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter
forms. References to CHF in this Agreement are to the lawful currency of Switzerland. References to any agreement shall be deemed to include the exhibits, schedules and annexes to such agreement, together with all amendments thereto.
References to any Law shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, replacing, supplementing or interpreting such Law. Time periods within or following which any act is to be done shall be calculated by excluding the
day on which the period commences and including the day on which the period ends and by extending the period to the next Business Day following if the last day of the period is not a Business Day. 

9.10 Entire Agreement; Third-Party Beneficiaries. 

(a) This Agreement (including the documents and the instruments referred to herein) constitutes the entire agreement among the
Parties and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. 

(b) This Agreement is not intended to, and shall not, confer upon any other Person any rights or remedies hereunder, except as
set forth in or contemplated by the terms and provisions of Section 9.13. 

9.11
Severability. Any term or provision of this Agreement that is invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to that jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability and shall not render invalid or
unenforceable the remaining terms and provisions of this Agreement or affect the validity or enforceability of any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction. If any provision of this Agreement is so broad as to be
unenforceable, the provision shall be interpreted to be only so broad as is enforceable. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, this Agreement shall not be interpreted without giving effect to
Section 9.1 and Section 9.13. 

9.12 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in separate
counterparts, each of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when each of the Parties has delivered a signed counterpart to the other Party, it being understood that all Parties need not sign the same
counterpart. Delivery of an executed signature page of this Agreement by electronic transmission or electronic .pdf, including using generally recognized e-signature technology (e.g., DocuSign or
Adobe Sign), shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof. 

9.13 Non-Recourse. Notwithstanding anything that may be expressed or implied in this Agreement or any document or instrument delivered in connection herewith, by its acceptance of the benefits of this Agreement, the
Shareholder and Parent each covenant, agree and acknowledge that no Persons other than the Parties hereto have any liabilities, obligations, commitments (whether known or unknown or whether contingent or otherwise) hereunder, and that each Party has
no right of recovery under this Agreement, or any claim based on such liabilities, obligations, commitments against, and no personal liability shall attach to, the former, current or future equity holders, controlling persons, directors, officers,
employees, agents, Affiliates, members, managers or general or limited partners of any of either Party or any former, current or future equity holder, controlling person, director, officer, employee, general or limited partner, member, manager,
Affiliate or agent of any of the foregoing (collectively, but not including the Parties hereto, each a Non-Recourse Party), through the other Party or otherwise, whether by or through
attempted piercing of the corporate veil, by or through a claim by or on behalf of the other Party against any Non-Recourse Party, by the enforcement of any assessment or by any legal or equitable proceeding,
by virtue of any statute, regulation or Law, or otherwise. Without limiting the foregoing, no claim will be brought or maintained by the Shareholder, Parent or any of its Affiliates or any of their respective successors or permitted assigns against
any Non-Recourse Party that is not otherwise expressly identified as a Party to this Agreement, and no recourse will be brought or granted against any of them, by virtue of or based upon any alleged
misrepresentation or inaccuracy in or breach or nonperformance of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements of any Party set forth or contained in this Agreement, any exhibit or schedule hereto, any other document contemplated
hereby or any certificate, instrument, opinion, agreement or other document of the other Party or any other Person delivered hereunder. The Non-Recourse Parties shall be express third-party beneficiaries of
this Section 9.13. 

9.14 Fees and Expenses. All Expenses incurred in connection with this
Agreement, the Transaction Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby shall be paid by the party incurring such Expense, except as otherwise expressly provided in the Transaction Agreement and this
Section 9.14. If the Offer is completed, Parent shall pay, or cause the Company to pay, legal Expenses incurred by the Shareholder in connection with the negotiation and execution of this Agreement, up to an aggregate
amount not to exceed $500,000.00. 

9.15 Affiliated Entities. If any controlled Affiliate of the Shareholder becomes
a Beneficial Owner of Shares on or after the date hereof, the Shareholder shall give Parent a written notice thereof as promptly as practicable in advance of such controlled Affiliate becoming a Beneficial Owner and such controlled Affiliate
shall, and the Shareholder shall cause such controlled Affiliate to, promptly (and in advance of such controlled Affiliate 

becoming a Beneficial Owner) execute a joinder to this Agreement substantially in the form attached hereto as Annex I, to ensure that such controlled Affiliate is subject to the
obligations under this Agreement applicable to the Shareholder and that such Shares are subject to this Agreement. 

[Remainder of Page
Intentionally Left Blank] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the
date first above written. 

SHIFT4 PAYMENTS, INC.

By: 

/s/ Taylor Lauber

Name: Taylor Lauber

Title: President

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO TENDER AND SUPPORT AGREEMENT] 

TENCENT MOBILITY LIMITED

By: 

/s/ Ma Huateng

Name: Ma Huateng

Title: Authorized Signatory

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO TENDER AND SUPPORT AGREEMENT] 

Annex I 

Form of Joinder 

The
undersigned is executing and delivering this joinder agreement (this Joinder) pursuant to that certain Tender and Support Agreement, dated as of February 16, 2025 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from
time to time in accordance with its terms, the Support Agreement) by and between Shift4 Payments, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Parent), and [] (the Shareholder), a shareholder of Global
Blue Group Holding AG, a stock corporation incorporated under the laws of Switzerland, with its registered office in Zurichstrasse 38, 8306, Bruttisellen, Switzerland (the Company). Capitalized terms used but not defined in this
Joinder shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in the Support Agreement. 

By executing and delivering this Joinder to
the Support Agreement, the undersigned hereby adopts and approves the Support Agreement and agrees, effective commencing on the date hereof and as a condition to the undersigned becoming a Beneficial Owner of Shares, to become a Party to, and to be
bound by and comply with the provisions of, the Support Agreement applicable to the Shareholder in the same manner as if the undersigned were an original signatory to the Support Agreement. 

The undersigned hereby represents and warrants that it is a controlled Affiliate of
[]1. 

Section 9 of the Support Agreement is hereby incorporated herein by
reference, mutatis mutandis. 

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

1 

The Shareholder transferring Shares. 

Accordingly, the undersigned has executed and delivered this Joinder as of the
day of , . 

[TRANSFEREE]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Notice Information

Address:

Email:

Schedule A 

Shares 

Name and Address of Shareholder Number of Company Common Shares

Tencent Mobility Limited

Level 29, Three Pacific Place

1 Queens Road East

Wanchai,
Hong Kong 18,181,818

Schedule B 

Related Party Agreements 

1. 

Share Purchase and Investment Agreement, dated as of November 16, 2023, by and among the Company, Tencent
Mobility Limited, SL Globetrotter L.P., Global Blue Holding L.P. and the other parties from time to time party thereto (incorporated by reference).
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.6
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>d916492dex106.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.6
<TEXT>
EX-10.6

Exhibit 10.6 

EXECUTION VERSION 

TENDER AND
SUPPORT AGREEMENT 

This TENDER AND SUPPORT AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of February 16, 2025, is made
by and among Shift4 Payments, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Parent), and the undersigned shareholders (each, a Shareholder) of Global Blue Group Holding AG, a stock corporation incorporated under the laws of
Switzerland, with its registered office in Zurichstrasse 38, 8306, Bruttisellen, Switzerland (the Company). Parent and each Shareholder are each sometimes referred to herein as a Party and, collectively, as the
Parties. 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS, concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, Parent and the Company are entering into a Transaction Agreement,
dated as of the date hereof, (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with its terms, the Transaction Agreement), pursuant to which, among other things, Merger Sub shall (and Parent
shall cause Merger Sub to) commence a tender offer (the Offer) to acquire all of the outstanding Company Shares, in which Offer each Company Share validly tendered and not properly withdrawn would be purchased for the Common Share
Offer Consideration, the Series A Offer Consideration or the Series B Offer Consideration, as applicable, and following completion of the Offer, and provided that at such time Parent directly or indirectly has acquired or controls at least 90% of
the then outstanding Company Shares, the Company and Merger Sub will consummate a statutory squeeze-out merger pursuant to which the Company shall be merged with and into Merger Sub, with Merger Sub continuing
as the surviving corporation and as a wholly-owned Subsidiary of Parent (the Merger), in each case, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Transaction Agreement; 

WHEREAS, as of the date hereof, each Shareholder Beneficially Owns the shares of capital stock of the Company as set forth on Schedule
A (together with any Company Common Shares, Company Series A Preferred Shares and Company Series B Preferred Shares with respect to which such Shareholder or any of its controlled Affiliates acquires Beneficial Ownership of, on or after the date
hereof and prior to the Expiration Time, collectively, such Shareholders Shares) and the options to purchase capital stock of the Company as set forth on Schedule A (Company Share Options and with the
Shares, collectively, the Equity Interests); 

WHEREAS, concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement
and the Transaction Agreement, the Specified Shareholders of the Company are entering into tender and support agreements substantially in the form of this Agreement; 

WHEREAS, the Company Board has (a) determined that the Transaction Agreement is in the best interests of, and fair to, the Company and
its shareholders, and declared it advisable for the Company to enter into the Transaction Agreement and effect the Board Modification, (b) adopted the Transaction Agreement and authorized and approved the Offer and the other transactions
contemplated thereby, and (c) resolved to recommend that the shareholders of the Company accept the Offer and tender their Company Shares in the Offer and approve and adopt the Board Modification at the Company Shareholder Meeting subject to
the terms of the Transaction Agreement, and directed that such matters be submitted for consideration by the shareholders of the Company at the Company Shareholder Meeting; and 

WHEREAS, Parent desires that each Shareholder agrees, and each Shareholder is willing to
agree, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, not to Transfer (as defined below) any of such Shareholders Equity Interests, to accept the offer and tender such Shareholders Shares in the Offer and to vote all of
such Shareholders Shares in favor of the approval and adoption of the Board Modification and against any action or proposal that would reasonably be expected to interfere with or delay the timely consummation of the Offer or the Merger. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements set forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows: 

1.
Definitions. This Agreement is a Specified Shareholders Support Agreement as defined in the Transaction Agreement. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms
in the Transaction Agreement. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings indicated below: 

Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble. 

Applicable Period means the period beginning upon the execution and delivery of this Agreement and ending at
11:59 p.m., New York City time, on the day that is the later of (a) the Final Date and (b) the fifth Business Day immediately following Parents receipt (if applicable) of either (i) the final Notice of Company Recommendation
Change (including any new Notice of Recommendation change as a result of any material amendments to the Company Superior Proposal) with respect to a Qualifying Proposal or (ii) the final Notice of Superior Proposal (including any new Notice of
Superior Proposal change as a result of any material amendments to the Company Superior Proposal) with respect to a Qualifying Proposal. For purposes of this definition, the final Notice of Company Recommendation Change and the
final Notice of Company Superior Proposal shall mean the Notice of Company Recommendation Change or the Notice of Company Superior Proposal, as applicable, after which either (x) Parent has not negotiated with the Company to make
adjustments to the terms and conditions of the Transaction Agreement during the applicable period under Section 7.4(e) of the Transaction Agreement in response to a Qualifying Proposal or (y) the Person or group submitting the Qualifying
Proposal has not made a material amendments to the Company Superior Proposal within five Business Days after submitting to the Company such Qualifying Proposal. 

Beneficially Own, Beneficial Ownership or Beneficial Owner shall mean,
with respect to any securities, having beneficial ownership of such securities for purposes of Rule 13d-3 or 13d-5 under the Exchange Act (or any successor
statute or regulation). 

Chosen Courts shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 9.7. 

Company shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble. 

control shall mean the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to direct, or cause the direction of,
the management and policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, voting equity, limited liability company interests, general partner interests, or other voting interests, by contract or otherwise. 

Equity Interests shall have the meaning set forth in the
Recitals. 

Expiration Time shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6. 

Final Date means March 4, 2025. 

Governing Documents shall mean, with respect to any Person, such Persons articles or certificate of
association, incorporation, formation or organization, bylaws, limited liability company agreement, partnership agreement or other constituent document or documents, each in its currently effective form as amended from time to time. 

Merger shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 

Non-Recourse Party shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 9.13. 

Offer shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 

Parent shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble. 

Party or Parties shall each have the meaning set forth in the Preamble. 

Qualifying Proposal means a Company Takeover Proposal with respect to which the Company has delivered to
Parent either a Notice of Company Recommendation Change or a Notice of Superior Proposal, in each case, prior to 11:59 p.m., New York City time, on the Final Date. 

Series A Conversion Agreement shall mean the Conversion Agreement, dated as of August 28, 2020, by and
among the Company, Global Blue Holding LP, SL Globetrotter, L.P. and the other holders thereto. 

Shareholder shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 

Shares shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 

Transaction Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 

Transfer shall mean, with respect to any Share, any direct or indirect sale, transfer, tender, exchange,
conversion, assignment, pledge, hypothecation, mortgage, license, gift, creation of a security interest in or lien on, placement in trust (voting or otherwise), encumbrance or other disposition of any interest (including the right to vote) in such
Share, as applicable, including those by way of any spin-off (such as through a dividend), hedging or derivative transactions, sale, transfer or assignment of a majority of the equity interest in, or sale,
transfer or assignment of control of, any Person holding such Share, as applicable, merger, consolidation, division, statutory conversion, domestication, transfer or continuance, share exchange, operation of Law, or otherwise. 

2. Certain Agreements. 

2.1 Agreement to Tender. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, each Shareholder shall, and shall cause such
Shareholders controlled Affiliates to validly tender, or cause to be tendered, in the Offer, as promptly as practicable following the commencement of the Offer (but in any event within ten Business Days following the commencement of the Offer
(within the meaning of Rule 14d-2 of the Exchange Act)) all of such Shareholders Shares pursuant to the terms of the Offer and shall not withdraw, or cause to be withdrawn such Shares at any time, unless
and until this Agreement shall have been validly terminated in accordance with Section 6. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, no later than ten Business Days after the commencement (within the meaning of Rule 14d-2 of the Exchange Act) of the Offer, each Shareholder shall, and shall cause such Shareholders controlled Affiliates to deliver pursuant to the terms of the Offer (i) a letter of transmittal with
respect to all Shares complying with the terms of the Offer, (ii) a certificate (or effective affidavit of loss in lieu thereof) representing the Shares or an agents message (or such other evidence, if any, of transfer as the
Exchange Agent may reasonably request) in the case of book-entry evidence and (iii) all other documents or instruments reasonably required to be delivered by shareholders of the Company pursuant to the terms of the Offer or as Parent may
reasonably require or request in order to effect the valid tender of the Shares in accordance with the terms of the Offer or cause such Shareholders broker or such other Person that is the holder of record of any Shares Beneficially Owned by
such Shareholder to validly tender such Shares pursuant to and in accordance with this Section 2.1 and the terms of the Offer. If the Offer is terminated or withdrawn by Merger Sub in accordance with the Transaction
Agreement or the Transaction Agreement is terminated in accordance with Article IX thereof prior to the purchase of the Shares in the Offer, Parent and Merger Sub shall promptly return, and shall cause any depository or paying agent, acting on
behalf of Parent and Merger Sub, to promptly return all tendered Shares to such Shareholder. 

2.2 Agreement to Vote.
Subject to the terms of this Agreement, each Shareholder hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that from the date hereof and until the Expiration Time, at any meeting of shareholders of the Company called to vote upon the Board Modification,
including the Company Shareholder Meeting, or at any adjournment or postponement thereof or in any other circumstances upon which a vote, consent or approval is sought with respect to the Board Modification, such Shareholder shall, and shall cause
such Shareholders controlled Affiliates to, in each case (whether by proxy or in person), to the fullest extent that the Shares are entitled to vote thereon be present and vote (or cause to be voted), or deliver (or cause to be delivered) a
written consent with respect to all of such Shareholders Shares (w) in favor of the adoption and approval of the Board Modification and any other proposal required for the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Agreement, (x) against any proposal, motion, action, agreement or transaction that would reasonably be expected to (A) directly result in a breach of any covenant, representation or warranty or any other obligation or agreement of the
Company contained in the Transaction Agreement, or of such Shareholder contained in this Agreement or (B) result in any of the conditions set forth in Annex C of the Transaction Agreement not being satisfied prior to the End Date;
(y) against any change in the Company Board (other than the Board Modification or in the event of a directors 

death or resignation, to fill the vacancy created thereby); and (z) against any Company Takeover Proposal and against any other action, agreement or transaction involving the Company that
would reasonably be expected to materially impede, materially delay or prevent the consummation of the Offer, including (1) any proposal to authorize, declare, set aside, make or pay any dividends on, or make other distributions in respect of,
any of its share capital; (2) any proposal to adjust, split, combine or reclassify any of its share capital, or any other securities in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for, shares of its share capital; (3) any amendment or
proposal to amend the articles of association of the Company (except for amendments to the Companys articles of association incidental to or in connection with the issue of Company Common Shares permitted pursuant to Section 6.1(b) of the
Transaction Agreement or cancellations of Company Shares held in treasury); (4) any restriction on the transferability of shares; (5) any sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company (faktische Liquidation); and
(6) any merger, demerger or similar reorganization of the Company, in each case of the foregoing clauses (1) through (6), if such actions would reasonably be expected to materially impede, materially delay or prevent the consummation of
the Offer. If and to the extent the Company convenes any general meeting, each Shareholder has the right to vote in favor of the proposals by the Company Board with respect to the items to be included by law in the agenda of such general meeting to
the extent otherwise permitted by this Section 2.2. 

2.3 Waiver of Appraisal Rights. Each
Shareholder hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives and agrees to cause to be waived and to prevent the exercise of or any demand related to, any rights of appraisal or any dissenters rights in respect of the Equity Interests that exist
in relation to the Offer, the Merger and/or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreement. 

2.4
[Intentionally Omitted.] 

2.5 [Intentionally Omitted.] 

2.6 Company Takeover Proposal. From and after the execution of this Agreement and until the Expiration Time, each
Shareholder shall not submit to the Company or the Company Board, or publicly propose, any Company Takeover Proposal. 

2.7
[Intentionally Omitted.] 

2.8 [Intentionally Omitted.] 

2.9 Accession of Rights and Obligations. Subject to and conditioned upon the occurrence of the Acceptance Time,
(a) each Shareholder shall assign such Shareholders rights and obligations pursuant to the Series A Conversion Agreement, as applicable, to Merger Sub and (b) Parent shall cause Merger Sub to enter into a joinder to each of the
Series A Conversion Agreement pursuant to the Series A Conversion Agreement and the Company Articles, as applicable. 

2.10 Power of Attorney. Each Shareholder hereby makes, constitutes
and appoints Jacques Stern (the Management Representative) with full power of substitution and resubstitution, as such Shareholders true and lawful attorney for such Shareholder and in such Shareholders name, place and
stead and for such Shareholders use and benefit, to sign, execute, certify, acknowledge, file and record such contracts or other documents as may be necessary, convenient or advisable in the Management Representatives discretion in
connection with this Agreement, the Transaction Agreement (including the Board Modification) and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, effective from and after the date hereof and until the earlier of the Acceptance Time and the
termination of the Transaction Agreement in accordance with its terms. Each Shareholder authorizes such attorney-in-fact to take any further action which such attorney-in-fact shall consider necessary, convenient or advisable in connection with any of the foregoing, hereby giving such attorney-in-fact full power and authority to do and perform each and every act or thing whatsoever requisite or advisable to be done in and about the foregoing as fully as such Shareholder might or could do
if personally present, and hereby ratifying and confirming all that such attorney-in-fact shall lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. The power of attorney
granted by such Shareholder to the Management Representative herein is a durable power of attorney and shall survive the bankruptcy, death or incapacity of such Shareholder, and actions taken by the Management Representative shall be as valid as if
such bankruptcy, death or incapacity had not occurred. Parent, and its controlled Affiliates, may conclusively presume and rely upon the fact that any contract or other document referred to above, executed by such attorney-in-fact, is authorized, regular and binding, without further inquiry. 

3. Agreement
Not to Transfer or Encumber. Each Shareholder hereby agrees with Parent that, from the date hereof until the Expiration Time, it shall not, directly or indirectly, (i) Transfer (or enter into any contract related to the Transfer of) any of
such Shareholders Equity Interests or any right, title or interest therein, (ii) deposit any of such Shareholders Equity Interests into a voting trust or enter into a voting agreement, voting trust or arrangement with respect to any
Equity Interests, as applicable, (iii) grant a proxy or power of attorney or other authorization or consent with respect to the Equity Interests, (iv) enter into any agreement or take any action that would make any covenant, agreement,
representation or warranty of such Shareholder contained herein untrue, incorrect, ineffective or unenforceable in any material respect or have the effect of preventing such Shareholder from performing any of such Shareholders obligations
under this Agreement, or (v) approve or consent to any of the foregoing; provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, such Shareholder may Transfer Equity Interests (A) to the extent such Transfer is required in connection with the
exercise of any Company Share Options and Company Restricted Share Awards in accordance with the terms thereof, (B) to an Affiliate of such Shareholder that, concurrently with such Transfer, executes a joinder substantially in the form attached
hereto as Annex I, (C) to any custodian or nominee in connection with the tender of Shares in the Offer, (D) in order to tender Shares in the Offer as provided hereunder and under the Transaction Agreement, or (E) to any
donor-advised fund that, concurrently with such Transfer, executes a joinder substantially in the form attached hereto as Annex II. Any Transfer or attempted Transfer of any Equity Interests in violation of this
Section 3 shall be null and void ab initio. If any involuntary Transfer of any of the Equity Interests shall occur (including a sale by such Shareholders trustee in any bankruptcy, or a sale to a purchaser at
any creditors or court sale), the transferee (which term, as used herein, shall include any and all transferees and subsequent transferees of the initial transferee) shall take and hold such Equity Interests subject to all of the restrictions,
liabilities and rights under this Agreement, which shall continue in full force and effect until valid termination of this Agreement in accordance with Section 6. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,

such Shareholder shall be permitted to grant a proxy or power of attorney or other authorization or consent to the Companys independent proxy (as elected on the annual general meeting of
the shareholders of the Company) on the Companys official proxy card to vote the Shares in a manner consistent with the terms of this Agreement. 

4. Representations, Warranties and Covenants of Each Shareholder. Each Shareholder hereby represents and warrants to Parent as follows:

4.1 The Shareholder has all requisite power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to perform the
Shareholders obligations hereunder. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Shareholder and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement by Parent and in case of the Company Series A Preferred
Shares approval by the Company Board on the transfer, constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Shareholder, except to the extent that enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting the
enforcement of creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforcement is considered in a proceeding at law or at equity). 

4.2 The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Shareholder and the performance of the Shareholders obligations
hereunder will not constitute or result in (i) a breach or violation of, a termination (or right of termination) or default under, the creation or acceleration of any obligations under, or the creation of a Lien on any of the assets of by the
Shareholder (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) pursuant to, any agreement, lease, license, contract, note, mortgage, indenture, arrangement or other obligation binding upon by the Shareholder, or (ii) a conflict with, breach or
violation of any Law applicable to by the Shareholder or by which the Shareholders properties are bound or affected, except, in the case of clause (ii), for any breach, violation, termination, default, creation or acceleration that would not,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to impair the ability of by the Shareholder to perform the Shareholders obligations under this Agreement on a timely basis. 

4.3 As of the date hereof, the Shareholder (i) Beneficially Owns the Equity Interests and has good and marketable title to
all such Equity Interests, free and clear of any and all Liens, other than those that may be created by this Agreement and (ii) has sole voting power over and sole power to issue instructions with respect to the matters set forth herein and the
right to consent (or cause to consent) to all of the matters set forth in this Agreement, in each case, with respect to all of such Equity Interests. 

4.4 Except as contemplated by this Agreement, the Shareholders Agreement, dated as of August 28, 2020, by and among Global
Blue Holding LP, SL Globetrotter, L.P., the Managers thereto and Thomas W. Farley, and the Amendment and Restatement Deed, dated as of February 24, 2022, by and among Global Blue Holding LP, SL Globetrotter, L.P., Jacques Stern and Global Blue
Group Holding AG, of the Management Shareholders Agreement, dated as of January 16, 2020, by and among SL Globetrotter, L.P., Global Blue Holding L.P., Jacques Stern, Global Blue Group Holding AG, Partners Group Private Equity (Master Fund),
LLC, Partners Group Barrier Reef, L.P. and Partners Group Client 

Access 5, L.P. Inc., the Shareholder has not entered into any tender, voting or other agreement or arrangement, or proxy or power of attorney, with respect to any of the Shareholders Shares
or entered into any other contract relating to the voting of any of the Shareholders Shares. Any and all proxies in respect of the Shares in effect prior to the date hereof are revocable, and such proxies either have been revoked prior to the
date hereof or are hereby revoked. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Section 4.4 shall limit the ability of the Shareholder to grant a proxy or power of attorney, or issue voting instructions, to the
Companys independent proxy in accordance with Section 3 and the applicable Swiss Law. 

4.5
As of the date hereof, there is no Action pending or, to the knowledge of the Shareholder, threatened against or affecting the Shareholder that, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to materially impair the ability of the
Shareholder to perform the Shareholders obligations under this Agreement or to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement on a timely basis. 

4.6 The Shareholder hereby authorizes Parent to publish and disclose in any announcement or disclosure in connection with the
transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreement, including the Other Parent Filings and the Other Company Filings, the Shareholders identity and ownership of the Shareholders Shares consistent with public filings made by the
Shareholder and the nature of the Shareholders obligations under this Agreement, and agrees that it shall promptly furnish to Parent any information reasonably available to the Shareholder that Parent may reasonably request for the preparation
of any such announcement or disclosure in order to comply with applicable Law and notify Parent of any required corrections with respect to any written information supplied by it specifically for use in any such announcement or disclosure, if and to
the extent that any such information contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading. 

4.7 The Shareholder (i) has been represented by or has had the opportunity to be
represented by, independent counsel of the Shareholders own choice, and has had the full right and opportunity to consult with the Shareholders attorney and avail himself or herself of this opportunity, (ii) has received, and
reviewed and fully understands this Agreement and the Transaction Agreement, and has had the opportunity to have the Agreement and the Transaction Agreement fully explained by counsel of the Shareholders choosing, and is fully aware of the
contents thereof and its meaning, intent and legal effect, and (iii) is competent to execute this Agreement and has executed this Agreement free from coercion, duress or undue influence. The Shareholder understands and acknowledges that Parent
is entering into the Transaction Agreement in reliance upon the Shareholders execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. 

4.8 The Shareholder irrevocably confirms that no special meetings of the holders of the Company Series A Preferred Shares are
required under the Company Articles in connection with the Offer. 

4.9 The Offer Consideration to be paid in respect of each of the Company
Common Shares and the Company Series A Shares in the Offer to the Shareholder, as applicable, is not in breach with any liquidation preference, preferential treatment or payment in respect thereof and is in compliance in all material respects with
the Series A Conversion Agreement. 

5. Representations, Warranties and Covenants of Parent. Parent hereby represents and warrants to
each Shareholder as follows: 

5.1 Parent has all requisite power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to
perform its obligations hereunder. Parent is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing in accordance with the laws of its jurisdiction of formation, as applicable. The execution and delivery by Parent of this Agreement and the
performance of its obligations hereunder have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action in accordance with Parents Governing Documents, as applicable. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by
Parent and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Shareholder and in case of the Company Series B Preferred Shares and the Company Series A Preferred Shares approval by the Company Board on the transfer,
constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of Parent, except to the extent that enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and subject to
general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforcement is considered in a proceeding at law or at equity). 

5.2 The execution and delivery of this Agreement by Parent and the performance of its obligations hereunder will not constitute
or result in (i) a breach or violation of, or a default under, the Governing Documents of Parent, (ii) a breach or violation of, a termination (or right of termination) or default under, the creation or acceleration of any obligations
under, or the creation of a Lien on any of the assets of by Parent (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) pursuant to, any agreement, lease, license, contract, note, mortgage, indenture, arrangement or other obligation binding upon by
Parent, or (iii) a conflict with, breach or violation of any Law applicable to by Parent or by which its properties are bound or affected, except, in the case of clauses (ii) or (iii), for any breach, violation, termination, default,
creation or acceleration that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to impair the ability of Parent to perform its obligations under this Agreement on a timely basis. 

6. Termination. This Agreement shall terminate and shall have no further force or effect (i) (A) during the Applicable Period,
(x) immediately, upon written notice by a Shareholder to Parent, if there has been a Company Change of Recommendation or (y) immediately upon termination of the Transaction Agreement in accordance with Section 9.1(e) or
Section 9.1(g) and (B) from and after the expiration of the Applicable Period, on the date that is (1) three months following the termination of the Transaction Agreement, if the Transaction Agreement is terminated in accordance with
Section 9.1(e) or (2) five months following the termination of the Transaction Agreement, if the Transaction Agreement is terminated in accordance with Section 9.1(f) (solely to the extent resulting from Willful Breach by the Company)
or Section 9.1(g) thereof, in each case of clauses (1) and (2), except with respect to Section 2.1, Section 2.2 (other 

than each Shareholders obligation to vote (or cause to be voted), or deliver (or cause to be delivered) a written consent, against any Company Takeover Proposal as set forth in clause
(z) thereof), Section 2.3, Section 2.9 and, each of which shall terminate immediately upon termination of the Transaction Agreement, (ii) immediately upon termination of the Transaction
Agreement, if the Transaction Agreement is terminated in accordance with Section 9.1(a), Section 9.1(b), Section 9.1(c), Section 9.1(d), Section 9.1(f) (other than as described in the foregoing clause (i) of this
Section 6) or Section 9.1(h) thereof, (iii) immediately as of and following the Acceptance Time, or (iv) immediately, upon written notice by a Shareholder to Parent, if there has been any modification, waiver
or amendment to any provision of the Transaction Agreement that reduces or changes the form of Offer Consideration to be paid in respect of the Shares (in each case, without such Shareholders prior written consent) (the date that any such
termination is effective pursuant to clauses (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) of this Section 6, the Expiration Time). Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall relieve any Party hereto from
liability for any breach of this Agreement that occurred prior to such termination. 

7. Duties. Each Shareholder is entering into
this Agreement solely in its capacity as Beneficial Owner of the Equity Interests, and nothing in this Agreement shall apply to any Person serving in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the Company. Parent acknowledges and agrees that
any actions taken by a director or officer of the Company in his or her capacity as such shall not constitute actions taken by or on behalf of any Shareholder. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to prohibit a
Person (or be construed to create any obligation on such Person) who is an officer or member of the Company Board from taking any action (or failure to act) in his or her capacity as an officer or member of the Company Board or from taking any
action with respect to any Company Takeover Proposal in his or her capacity as an officer or director of the Company or in the exercise of his or her duties in his or her capacity as director or officer of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and
no action taken in any such capacity as an officer or director of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries shall be deemed to constitute a breach of this Agreement. 

8. No Ownership Interest. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to vest in Parent or any of its direct or indirect owners
any direct or indirect ownership or incidence of ownership of or with respect to the Equity Interests. All rights, ownership and economic benefits of and relating to the Equity Interests shall remain vested in and belong to the applicable
Shareholder, and neither Parent nor any of its direct or indirect owners shall have the authority to direct the Shareholders in the voting or disposition of any Equity Interests, except as otherwise expressly provided herein. 

9. Miscellaneous. 

9.1 Enforcement. The Parties agree that money damages would be both incalculable and an insufficient remedy and that
irreparable damage would occur if any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed that each of the Parties shall be entitled to specific
performance, an injunction or other equitable relief to prevent breaches or violations of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of this Agreement in any Chosen Court. Moreover, and in recognition of the foregoing, each
of the Parties hereby waives (a) any defense in any action for specific performance of this 

Agreement that a remedy at Law would be adequate or that a remedy of specific performance is unenforceable, invalid, contrary to Law or inequitable for any reason and (b) any requirement
under any Law for any Party to post security as a prerequisite to obtaining equitable relief. Each Party acknowledges and agrees that the agreements contained in this Section 9.1 are an integral part of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and that, without these agreements, the other Party would not enter into this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Parties hereby agree that specific performance or injunctive
relief pursuant to this Section 9.1 shall be the sole and exclusive remedy with respect to breaches or threatened breaches by each Shareholder under this Agreement, and neither Parent nor any of its Affiliates may pursue or
accept any other form of relief (including monetary damages or reimbursement) that may be available at law or in equity for any breach or violation of this Agreement. 

9.2 Assignment. Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations of the Parties hereunder shall be
assigned by any of the Parties (whether by operation of Law or otherwise) without the prior written consent of the other Party, which may be granted or withheld in the sole discretion of the other Party. Any attempt to make any such assignment
without such consent shall be null and void. Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement shall be binding upon, inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns. 

9.3 No Rights or Obligations of the Company: The undertakings and representations and warranties by each Shareholder
contained herein are for the sole benefit of and can only be enforced by Parent and do not create any rights for or obligations by the Company to the Shareholders or the Parent, as the case may be. The Company may rely on the confirmation set forth
in Section 4.8. 

9.4 Amendment. This Agreement may not be amended, modified or
supplemented in any manner, whether by course of conduct or otherwise, except by an instrument in writing specifically designated as an amendment hereto, signed on behalf of each of the Parties in interest at the time of the amendment. 

9.5 Notices. All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed duly given and
properly received on the date of delivery if delivered personally, when received when sent by email by the Party to be notified; provided that no bounceback or notice of non-delivery is
received or when delivered by a courier (with confirmation of delivery). All notices hereunder shall be delivered as set forth below or under such other instructions as may be designated in writing by the Party to receive such notice. 

(i) if to Parent, to:

Shift4 Payments, Inc.

3501
Corporate Parkway

Center Valley, PA 18034

Email: tlauber@shift4.com

jfrankel@shift4.com

Attention: Taylor Lauber

Jordan Frankel

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Latham & Watkins LLP 1271 Avenue of the Americas

New York, NY 10020

Email: andrew.elken@lw.com

leah.sauter@lw.com

Attention: Andrew Elken

Leah Sauter

(ii) if to the Shareholder, to:

c/o Global Blue Group Holding AG

Rue des Flchres 7A

1274 Signy Centre

Switzerland

Attention: Jacques Stern

Email: jstern@globalblue.com

9.6 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, interpreted and construed with
regard to, in all respects, including as to validity, interpretation and effect, the Laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to its principles or rules of conflict of laws. The Merger Agreement shall be governed by, interpreted and
construed with regard to, in all respects, including as to validity, interpretation and effect, the Laws of Switzerland, without giving effect to its principles or rules of conflict of laws. 

9.7 Submission to Jurisdiction. Each Party irrevocably and unconditionally consents, agrees and submits to the exclusive
jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (and appropriate appellate courts therefrom) (the Chosen Courts), for the purposes of any Action with respect to the subject matter hereof (other than the Merger
Agreement, which shall be interpreted, construed, governed and enforced as set forth therein). Each Party agrees to commence any Action relating hereto only in the State of Delaware, or if such Action may not be brought in such court for reasons of
subject matter jurisdiction, in the other appellate courts therefrom or other courts of the State of Delaware. Each Party irrevocably and unconditionally waives any objection to the laying of venue of any Action with respect to the subject matter
hereof (other than the Merger Agreement, which shall be interpreted, construed, governed and enforced as set forth therein) in the Chosen Courts, and hereby further irrevocably and unconditionally waives and agrees not to plead or claim in any such
court that any such Action brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. Each Party further irrevocably and unconditionally consents to and grants any such court jurisdiction over the Person of such Parties and, to the extent
legally effective, over the subject matter of any such dispute and agrees that mailing of process or other documents in connection with any such Action in the manner provided in Section 9.5 hereof or in such other manner as
may be permitted by applicable Law, shall be valid and sufficient service thereof. The Parties agree that a final judgment 

in any such Action shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by applicable Law; provided, however, that
nothing in the foregoing shall restrict any partys rights to seek any post-judgment relief regarding, or any appeal from such final trial court judgment. 

9.8 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH OF THE PARTIES HEREBY WAIVES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW ANY
RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY WITH RESPECT TO ANY LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THE MERGER. EACH OF THE PARTIES HEREBY CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF
THE OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS
CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT, AS APPLICABLE, BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 9.8. 

9.9 Interpretation. The Parties have participated jointly in negotiating and drafting this Agreement. If an ambiguity or
a question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the Parties, and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any Party by virtue of the authorship of any provision
of this Agreement. When a reference is made in this Agreement to sections or subsections, such reference shall be to a section or subsection of this Agreement unless otherwise indicated. The headings contained in this Agreement are for reference
purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. Whenever the words include, includes or including are used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by
the words without limitation unless otherwise indicated. The words herein, hereof, hereunder and words of similar import shall be deemed to refer to this Agreement as a whole, including the schedules
and annexes hereto, and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. Any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. References to CHF in this Agreement are to the lawful currency of Switzerland.
References to any agreement shall be deemed to include the exhibits, schedules and annexes to such agreement, together with all amendments thereto. References to any Law shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending,
replacing, supplementing or interpreting such Law. Time periods within or following which any act is to be done shall be calculated by excluding the day on which the period commences and including the day on which the period ends and by extending
the period to the next Business Day following if the last day of the period is not a Business Day. 

9.10 Entire
Agreement; Third-Party Beneficiaries. 

(a) This Agreement (including the documents and the instruments referred to
herein) constitutes the entire agreement among the Parties and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. 

(b) This Agreement is not intended to, and shall not, confer upon any other
Person any rights or remedies hereunder, except as set forth in or contemplated by the terms and provisions of Section 9.3 and Section 9.13. 

9.11 Severability. Any term or provision of this Agreement that is invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall,
as to that jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability and shall not render invalid or unenforceable the remaining terms and provisions of this Agreement or affect the validity or enforceability of any of the
terms or provisions of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction. If any provision of this Agreement is so broad as to be unenforceable, the provision shall be interpreted to be only so broad as is enforceable. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in this Agreement, this Agreement shall not be interpreted without giving effect to Section 9.1 and Section 9.13. 

9.12 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts, each of which shall be considered one and
the same agreement and shall become effective when each of the Parties has delivered a signed counterpart to the other Party, it being understood that all Parties need not sign the same counterpart. Delivery of an executed signature page of this
Agreement by electronic transmission or electronic .pdf, including using generally recognized e-signature technology (e.g., DocuSign or Adobe Sign), shall be effective as delivery of a manually
executed counterpart hereof. 

9.13 Non-Recourse. Notwithstanding anything
that may be expressed or implied in this Agreement or any document or instrument delivered in connection herewith, by its acceptance of the benefits of this Agreement, each Shareholder and Parent each covenant, agree and acknowledge that no Persons
other than the Parties hereto have any liabilities, obligations, commitments (whether known or unknown or whether contingent or otherwise) hereunder, and that each Party has no right of recovery under this Agreement, or any claim based on such
liabilities, obligations, commitments against, and no personal liability shall attach to, the former, current or future equity holders, controlling persons, directors, officers, employees, agents, Affiliates, members, managers or general or limited
partners of any of either Party or any former, current or future equity holder, controlling person, director, officer, employee, general or limited partner, member, manager, Affiliate or agent of any of the foregoing (collectively, but not including
the Parties hereto, each a Non-Recourse Party), through the other Party or otherwise, whether by or through attempted piercing of the corporate veil, by or through a claim by or on behalf of
the other Party against any Non-Recourse Party, by the enforcement of any assessment or by any legal or equitable proceeding, by virtue of any statute, regulation or Law, or otherwise. Without limiting the
foregoing, no claim will be brought or maintained by each Shareholder, Parent or any of its Affiliates or any of their respective successors or permitted assigns against any Non-Recourse Party that is not
otherwise expressly identified as a Party to this Agreement, and no recourse will be brought or granted against any of them, by virtue of or based upon any alleged misrepresentation or inaccuracy in or breach or nonperformance of any of the
representations, warranties, covenants or agreements of any Party set forth or contained in this Agreement, any exhibit or schedule hereto, any other document contemplated hereby or any certificate, instrument, opinion, agreement or other document
of the other Party or any other Person delivered hereunder. The Non-Recourse Parties shall be express third-party beneficiaries of this Section 9.13. 

9.14 Fees and Expenses. All Expenses incurred in connection with this
Agreement, the Transaction Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby shall be paid by the party incurring such Expense, except as otherwise expressly provided in the Transaction Agreement. 

9.15 Affiliated Entities. If any controlled Affiliate of a Shareholder becomes a Beneficial Owner of Equity Interests on
or after the date hereof, the Shareholder shall give Parent a written notice thereof as promptly as practicable in advance of such controlled Affiliate becoming a Beneficial Owner and such controlled Affiliate shall, and the Shareholder shall
cause such controlled Affiliate to, promptly (and in advance of such controlled Affiliate becoming a Beneficial Owner) execute a joinder to this Agreement substantially in the form attached hereto as Annex I, to ensure that such controlled
Affiliate is subject to the obligations under this Agreement applicable to the Shareholder and that such Shares are subject to this Agreement. 

9.16 Several Liability. Each obligation described herein of the Shareholders or any Shareholder, as the case may be,
shall be a several (and not joint or joint and several) liability of each Shareholder. No Shareholder shall have any liability whatsoever for any action or inaction of any other Shareholder party hereto. 

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the
date first above written. 

SHIFT4 PAYMENTS, INC.

By: 

/s/ Taylor Lauber

Name: Taylor Lauber

Title: President

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO TENDER AND SUPPORT AGREEMENT] 

CERTAIN OTHER INVESTORS OF GLOBAL BLUE MANAGEMENT

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO TENDER AND SUPPORT AGREEMENT] 

Annex I 

Form of Joinder 

The
undersigned is executing and delivering this joinder agreement (this Joinder) pursuant to that certain Tender and Support Agreement, dated as of February 16, 2025 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from
time to time in accordance with its terms, the Support Agreement) by and between Shift4 Payments, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Parent), and [] (the Shareholder), a shareholder of Global
Blue Group Holding AG, a stock corporation incorporated under the laws of Switzerland, with its registered office in Zurichstrasse 38, 8306, Bruttisellen, Switzerland (the Company). Capitalized terms used but not defined in this
Joinder shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in the Support Agreement. 

By executing and delivering this Joinder to
the Support Agreement, the undersigned hereby adopts and approves the Support Agreement and agrees, effective commencing on the date hereof and as a condition to the undersigned becoming a Beneficial Owner of Equity Interests, to become a Party to,
and to be bound by and comply with the provisions of, the Support Agreement applicable to the Shareholder in the same manner as if the undersigned were an original signatory to the Support Agreement. 

The undersigned hereby represents and warrants that it is a controlled Affiliate of
[]1. 

Section 9 of the Support Agreement is hereby incorporated herein by
reference, mutatis mutandis. 

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

1 

The Shareholder transferring Shares. 

Accordingly, the undersigned has executed and delivered this Joinder as of the
day of , . 

[TRANSFEREE]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Notice Information

Address:

Email:

Annex II 

Form of Joinder 

The
undersigned is executing and delivering this joinder agreement (this Joinder) pursuant to that certain Tender and Support Agreement, dated as of February 16, 2025 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from
time to time in accordance with its terms, the Support Agreement) by and between Shift4 Payments, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Parent), and [] (the Shareholder), a shareholder of Global
Blue Group Holding AG, a stock corporation incorporated under the laws of Switzerland, with its registered office in Zurichstrasse 38, 8306, Bruttisellen, Switzerland (the Company). Capitalized terms used but not defined in this
Joinder shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in the Support Agreement. 

By executing and delivering this Joinder to
the Support Agreement, the undersigned hereby adopts and approves the Support Agreement and agrees, effective commencing on the date hereof and as a condition to the undersigned becoming a Beneficial Owner of Equity Interests, to become a Party to,
and to be bound by and comply with the provisions of, the Support Agreement applicable to the Shareholder in the same manner as if the undersigned were an original signatory to the Support Agreement. 

Section 9 of the Support Agreement is hereby incorporated herein by reference, mutatis mutandis. 

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

Accordingly, the undersigned has executed and delivered this Joinder as of
the day of , . 

[TRANSFEREE]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Notice Information

Address:

Email:

Schedule A 

Shares 

Name of Shareholder Number of

Company

Common

Shares Number of

Company

Series A

Preferred

Shares Number of

Company

Share Options Number of

Unvested

Restricted

Share

Awards 

Tom Farley 2,850,357.00 

Eric Strutz 15,929.00 9,940.00 

Eric Meurice 15,929.00 9,940.00 

Jacques Stern 1,323,229.00 151,468.00 2,450,729.00 481,303.00 

Roxane Dufour 39,353.00 1,513.00 43,245.00 87,750.00 

Jeremy Henderson-Ross 95,484.00 10,522.00 214,350.00 93,000.00 

Jorge Casal 704,391.00 138,695.00 81,500.00 

Fabio Ferreira 236,722.00 29,382.00 285,802.00 98,000.00 

Tomas Mostany 146,095.00 28,389.00 321,525.00 94,750.00 

Pier Francesco Nervini 147,447.00 29,011.00 178,623.00 93,000.00 

Laurent Delmas 133,464.00 13,717.00 285,802.00 93,000.00 

Jeremy Taylor 116,109.00 15,576.00 71,452.00 78,750.00 

Gavin Ingram 89,238.00 11,476.00 14,292.00 19,125.00 

Damian Cecchi 75,325.00 10,173.00 107,174.00 93,000.00 

Anamaria Tudor 14,651.00 14,292.00 49,500.00 

Virginie Alem 32,433.00 71,637.00 91,250.00 

Loic Jenouvrier 328,120.00 63,763.00 120,571.00 

Gregory Gelhaus 63,837.00 11,502.00 321,525.00 99,750.00 

Viktor Kletzer 140,286.00 23,288.00 42,870.00 29,875.00 

Khalil Achkar 148,896.00 19,075.00 20,000.00 

Pedro Da Silva 98,929.00 13,752.00 14,292.00 10,750.00 

Eric Herrmann 19,175.00 855.00 28,957.00 11,125.00 

Thorsten Lind 75,452.00 15,274.00 2,750.00 

Richard Brown 62,405.00 12,127.00 4,622.00 

Puay Hiang Tan 90,064.00 13,258.00 7,312.00 

Ronald Christen 61,121.00 8,357.00 2,998.00 

Klaus List 35,066.00 5,237.00 7,144.00 6,562.00 

Manfred Schmiedl 33,272.00 3,516.00 35,724.00 29,875.00 

Amauri Coraini 23,512.00 61,107.00 29,875.00 

Luca Zaffaroni 18,840.00 2,536.00 7,144.00 18,437.00 

Yan Mortreux 33,765.00 2,778.00 43,245.00 27,625.00 

Astrid Polivka 31,585.00 5,176.00 250.00 

Sakinah Sharif 26,247.00 3,251.00 10,000.00 2,750.00 

Jiri Macas 26,841.00 2,722.00 14,292.00 6,250.00 

Gianpaolo Carugo 16,763.00 2,534.00 7,144.00 4,435.00 

Livia Cernakova 14,207.00 2,214.00 7,144.00 3,437.00 

Nathan Garry Brown 12,247.00 1,730.00 3,000.00 

Alejandro Buero 16,894.00 1,730.00 14,292.00 10,062.00 

Stefano Rizzi 22,384.00 1,370.00 68,628.00 29,875.00 

Iveta Benkova 8,959.00 1,300.00 2,687.00 

Luis Jose Llorca 21,135.00 1,143.00 68,628.00 29,875.00 

Mathieu Grac 19,094.00 644.00 27,452.00 19,500.00 

Henrietta Varju 14,186.00 616.00 14,292.00 10,750.00 

Total 7,499,438.00 659,670.00 4,973,374.00 1,898,235.00
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>d916492dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

Shift4 to Acquire Global Blue, the Leading Specialty Payments and Technology Provider Serving Luxury Brands 

The acquisition enhances Shift4s unified commerce capabilities and extends its reach to the 400,000+ retail and hospitality locations
utilizing Global Blues specialized technology solutions supporting cross-border luxury shopping. 

CENTER VALLEY, Pennsylvania and EYSINS,
Switzerland February 18, 2025 Shift4 (NYSE: FOUR), the leader in integrated payments and commerce technology, and Global Blue (NYSE: GB), the leading specialty payments and technology platform enabling tax-free shopping, dynamic currency conversion, and payments solutions to the worlds largest retail brands, today announced they have entered into a definitive agreement under which Shift4 will acquire Global
Blue for $7.50 per common share in cash, representing an 15% premium to Global Blues closing share price as of February 14, 2025, and a ~$2.5 billion enterprise value. 

With over 40 years of history, Global Blue is a market leader at the intersection of travel and luxury retail across Europe, Asia, and South America. More
than 400,000 premium retail and hospitality locations rely on Global Blues tax-refund and currency conversion technology, including the worlds most iconic luxury and premium retailers as well as
other large retail electronics, sportswear and fast fashion brands. 

This acquisition continues a bold tradition of introducing transformative
capabilities to exceptional customers along with a massive embedded cross-sell opportunity, said Shift4 President Taylor Lauber. It fits perfectly in the Shift4 playbook: delivering an enormous volume conversion opportunity while
unlocking significant new revenue opportunities and capabilities that open entirely new markets for us. Integrating Global Blue into our unified payments platform positions Shift4 as a leading unified commerce payment provider around the
world.

Global Blues merchant solutions will be added to Shift4s global payments platform to deliver an enhanced end-to-end experience for its merchants. The addition of tax refund and currency conversion capabilities enhances Shift4s position as an innovative vendor and trusted
partner. Global Blue is the most comprehensive two-sided network in its category, connecting millions of affluent international shoppers to its merchants and directly engaging with international shoppers
through its proprietary app, creating powerful network effects and allowing for further product innovation, such as loyalty, digital marketing, and more. 

Uniting with Shift4 represents the next phase of Global Blues growth journey, enhancing our integrated value proposition to our marquee
merchants globally, said Global Blue CEO Jacques Stern. Most importantly, were excited, alongside Shift4, to continue our track-record of innovation to deliver better experiences for all stakeholders in the shopping
ecosystem. 

As part of the transaction, Shift4 is also announcing that two current shareholders of Global Blue, Ant International and Tencent,
are exploring strategic partnerships with Shift4 and intend to remain shareholders in the combined business. The partnership will build on their existing relationship with Global Blue and explore collaboration with Shift4 on global e-commerce payment products. This will include the distribution of unified gateway service Alipay+, which connects global merchants with 1.6 billion user accounts of over 35 digital payment methods across the
world, and Weixin Pay, the most widely used mobile payment service in China, throughout the Shift4 ecosystem, including hospitality and venues. This partnership highlights these shareholders confidence in Shift4s ability to become a
global leader in unified commerce solutions for retail merchants. 

At Ant International we provide innovative payments, digitization and financial services to drive
the development of global commerce and inclusive growth for SMEs. Our strategic investment in Shift4 is highly consistent with that mission, said Douglas Feagin, President of Ant International, Weve been impressed by
Shift4s emergence as a global omni-channel payment partner in just the last few years and were excited to cement this relationship early in their international expansion journey. We extend our sincere gratitude to Jared Isaacman, Taylor
Lauber and Thomas Farley for their visionary decision that made this strategic partnership possible. We look forward to future collaboration across a broader ecosystem co-created by our two companies to
empower businesses of all sizes to thrive in the digital era.

James Mitchell, Chief Strategy Officer and Senior Executive Vice President of
Tencent, added: We are excited to continue supporting Global Blueunder Shift4s new ownership. With Jared Isaacman and Taylor Lauber at the helm, the company has become an impressive integrated payments and commerce technology
leader. We are pleased to make a strategic investment in Shift4 and look forward to exploring partnership opportunities globally.

Transaction Details 

Under the terms of the definitive
agreement, Shift4 intends to acquire Global Blue for $7.50 per common share in cash, representing a 15% premium to Global Blues closing share price as of February 14, 2025, through a tender offer and a subsequent statutory squeeze-out merger. Upon completion of the transaction, Global Blues common and preferred stock will no longer be listed on any public stock exchange. Global Blue warrant holders will be able to exercise their
warrants, ahead of their maturity in August 2025. 

The acquisition has been unanimously approved by the boards of directors of Shift4 and Global Blue. It
is expected to close by the third quarter of calendar year 2025, subject to receipt of regulatory approvals, other customary closing conditions, and a minimum tender of at least 90% of Global Blues issued and outstanding common shares and
preferred shares on a combined basis. Certain Global Blue shareholders have entered into tender and support agreements, pursuant to which such shareholders agreed, among other things, to tender their shares in the tender offer subject to the terms
and conditions of such agreements. The Global Blue shareholders who entered into such tender and support agreements own, in the aggregate, approximately 90% of Global Blues issued and outstanding common shares and preferred shares on a
combined basis. 

Shift4 expects to finance the acquisition with cash on hand and a 364-day $1,795 million
bridge loan facility entered in connection with the transaction. 

Tom Farley, Chairman of Global Blue, on behalf of the existing board of directors
including representatives of Silver Lake, Partners Group, Certares, and Knighthead, said: We are pleased to unanimously recommend the transaction, which we believe will deliver significant, immediate and certain value to Global Blues
shareholders. More broadly, we firmly believe that this transaction is in the best interests of our employees, customers, and stakeholders, ensuring continued growth and innovation under new ownership.

For further information regarding all terms and conditions contained in the definitive agreement, please see Shift4s Current Report on Form 8-K, which will be filed in connection with the transaction. 

Advisors 

Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC is acting as exclusive financial advisor to Shift4, Latham & Watkins LLP and Loyens & Loeff N.V. are acting
as legal counsel. 

J.P. Morgan Securities LLC is acting as lead financial advisor for Global Blue, Deutsche Bank Securities,
IFBC, Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., PJT Partners, and UBS are acting as financial advisors (in alphabetical order), and Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP and Niederer Kraft Frey Ltd are acting as legal counsel. 

About Shift4 

Shift4 (NYSE: FOUR) is boldly redefining
commerce by simplifying complex payments ecosystems across the world. As the leader in commerce-enabling technology, Shift4 powers billions of transactions annually for hundreds of thousands of businesses in virtually every industry. For more
information, visit shift4.com. 

About Global Blue 

Global Blue (NYSE: GB) is the business partner for the shopping journey, providing technology and services to enhance the experience and drive performance.
With over 40 years of expertise, today we connect thousands of retailers, acquirers, and hotels with nearly 80 million consumers across 52 countries, in three industries: Tax Free Shopping, Payments and Post-Purchase solutions. For more
information, visit globalblue.com. 

Investor Relations 

Tom McCrohan 

EVP, Head of Investor Relations 

Shift4 

investors@shift4.com

Paloma Main 

Director, Strategy & Investor Relations 

Shift4 

investors@shift4.com

Media Contacts 

Nate Hirshberg 

SVP, Marketing 

Shift4 

nhirshberg@shift4.com

Alecia Pulman 

Partner 

ICR 

Shift4pr@icrinc.com

Additional Information and Where
to Find It 

The tender offer described above has not yet commenced. This communication is for informational purposes only and is neither an offer to
buy nor a solicitation of an offer to sell any securities of Global Blue. The solicitation and the offer to buy shares of Global Blues Registered Ordinary Shares, Registered Series A Convertible Preferred Shares and Registered Series B
Convertible Preferred Shares will only be made pursuant to a tender offer statement on Schedule TO, including an offer to purchase, a letter of transmittal and other related materials that Shift4 intends to file with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (SEC). In addition, Global Blue will file with the SEC a Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9 with respect to the tender offer. Once filed, investors will be able to
obtain a free copy of these materials and other documents filed by Shift4 and Global Blue with the SEC at the website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov. Investors may also obtain, at no charge, any such documents filed with or furnished to the
SEC by Shift4 under the News & Events section of Shift4s website at https://investors.shift4.com/news-events. INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS OF GLOBAL BLUE ARE ADVISED TO READ THESE DOCUMENTS WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE,
INCLUDING THE SOLICITATION/RECOMMENDATION STATEMENT OF GLOBAL BLUE AND ANY AMENDMENTS THERETO, AS WELL AS ANY OTHER DOCUMENTS RELATING TO THE TENDER OFFER AND THE MERGER THAT ARE FILED WITH THE SEC, CAREFULLY AND IN THEIR ENTIRETY PRIOR TO MAKING
ANY DECISIONS WITH RESPECT TO WHETHER TO TENDER THEIR SHARES INTO THE TENDER OFFER BECAUSE THEY CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION, INCLUDING THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE TENDER OFFER. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Each of Shift4 and Global
Blue intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended. All statements contained in this press release that do not relate to matters of historical fact should be considered forward-looking statements, including statements regarding Shift4s or Global Blues, as applicable,
respective expectations associated with the acquisition of Global Blue by Shift4, including the completion of the acquisition, the benefits, synergies, efficiencies, and opportunities arising from the acquisition, and the timing of any of the
foregoing. These statements are neither promises nor guarantees, but involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may cause each of our actual results, performance or achievements, respectively, to be materially
different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to the substantial and increasingly intense competition worldwide in the financial services, payments
and payment technology industries; each of our ability to continue to expand our respective share of the existing payment processing markets or expand into new markets; additional risks associated with each of our expansion into international
operations, including compliance with and changes in foreign governmental policies, as well as exposure to foreign exchange rates; and each of our respective ability to integrate and interoperate each of our services and products with a variety of
operating systems, software, devices, and web browsers, and the other important factors discussed under the caption Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A in Shift4s Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the years ended December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2024, under the caption Key Items Risk Factors in Item 3(D) in Global Blues Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended
March 31, 2024 and each of our other filings with the SEC, respectively. Any such forward-looking statements represent managements expectations as of the date of this press release. While we may elect to update such forward-looking
statements at some point in the future, each of Shift4 and Global Blue, disclaim any obligation to do so, even if subsequent events cause each of our views to change, respectively.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>four-20250216.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000001 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>four-20250216_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address Address Line 1 
Entity Address Address Line 1 

Entity Address City Or Town 
Entity Address City Or Town 

Entity Address State Or Province 
Entity Address State Or Province 

Entity Address Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>four-20250216_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Feb. 16, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Feb. 16, 2025

Entity Registrant Name SHIFT4 PAYMENTS, INC.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-39313

Entity Tax Identification Number 84-3676340

Entity Address Address Line 1 3501 Corporate Pkwy

Entity Address City Or Town Center Valley

Entity Address State Or Province PA

Entity Address Postal Zip Code 18034

City Area Code 888

Local Phone Number 276-2108

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Class A common stock, par value $0.0001

Trading Symbol FOUR

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Entity Central Index Key 0001794669

Amendment Flag false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000001 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.shift4.com//20250216/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d916492d8k.htm 
four-20250216.xsd 
four-20250216_lab.xml 
four-20250216_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-028625-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>d916492d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001794669 

2025-02-16 
2025-02-16 

0001794669 
false 
8-K 
2025-02-16 
SHIFT4 PAYMENTS, INC. 
DE 
001-39313 
84-3676340 
3501 Corporate Pkwy 
Center Valley 
PA 
18034 
888 
276-2108 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 
FOUR 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>