<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-003545.txt : 20250108
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-003545.hdr.sgml : 20250108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250108163724
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-003545
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250107
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Outset Medical, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001484612
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTROMEDICAL & ELECTROTHERAPEUTIC APPARATUS [3845]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				200514392
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39513
		FILM NUMBER:		25518995

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3052 ORCHARD DRIVE
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95134
		BUSINESS PHONE:		669-231-8200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3052 ORCHARD DRIVE
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95134

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Home Dialysis Plus, Ltd.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100219
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d859629d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false0001484612--12-3100014846122025-01-072025-01-07

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

January 7, 2025

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported)

Outset Medical, Inc.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)

Delaware 001-39513 20-0514392

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

3052 Orchard Dr.,

San Jose, California 95134

(Address of Principal Executive Office) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (669)231-8200

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communication pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communication pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communication pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, par value of $0.001 per share OM The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

As previously disclosed, on January 3, 2025, Outset Medical, Inc. (the Company) entered into securities purchase agreements (the Securities Purchase Agreements) with various investors, including certain members of management and certain members of the Companys Board of Directors for the issuance and sale by the Company of an aggregate of 863,340 shares of Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Series A Preferred Stock) in an offering (the Private Placement). The Private Placement closed on January 8, 2025 (the Closing Date). 

Item 1.02. 

Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement. 

As previously disclosed, on January 3, 2025, the Company entered into a Credit Agreement and Guaranty (the Credit Agreement) with Perceptive Credit Holdings IV, LP as the administrative agent (Agent) and initial lender. On the Closing Date, the Company borrowed the initial term loan in the principal amount of $100.0 million, and used the proceeds of such loan, together with cash on hand, to repay in full all amounts due under its two existing senior secured credit facilities with (i) SLR Investment Corp. and (ii) Gemino Healthcare Finance, LLC d/b/a SLR Healthcare ABL, respectively, each dated as of November 3, 2022 (the SLR Credit Facilities). After repayment in full, the SLR Credit Facilities were terminated as of the Closing Date. 

Item 2.03. 

Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. 

On the Closing Date, the Company borrowed the initial term loan in the principal amount of $100.0 million and issued to Perceptive Credit Holdings IV, LP as the initial lender a warrant to purchase 5,625,000 of shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.001 (the Common Stock) (the Closing Date Warrant), at an exercise price equal to $0.80. If the Company draws the delayed draw term loan of up to $25.0 million, the Company is required to issue additional warrant(s) to the lenders to purchase 1,406,250 of shares of the Companys Common Stock (the Delayed Draw Warrant), at an exercise price equal to the average closing price of the Companys Common Stock for the 5 trading days immediately preceding the issuance date of the Delayed Draw Warrant. Both the Closing Date Warrant and the Delayed Draw Warrant, if issued, are exercisable during the seven years after the date of issuance. 

The foregoing summary of the Closing Date Warrant does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the text of the Closing Date Warrant, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 4.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

As security for its obligations under the Credit Agreement, on the Closing Date, the Company granted Agent, for the benefit of the lenders, a security interest in substantially all of the assets of the Company, including the Companys intellectual property, subject to certain exceptions. 

Item 5.03. 

Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year. 

On January 7, 2025, the Company filed a Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of the Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware (the Certificate of Designations) in connection with the Private Placement. The Certificate of Designations provides for the issuance of up to 863,340 shares of the Series A Preferred Stock. 

From the date that is six months following the date of the first issuance of the Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock (the Six Month Date) until receipt of stockholder approval of the conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock in accordance with Nasdaq Stock Market Rules (the Conversion Proposal), dividends will accrue, on all issued and outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock, at an annual rate of eight percent (8%) compounded annually on the original per share price of $200.00 (plus any such accreted compounded amounts); provided that such annual dividend rate shall increase by two percent (2%) on each one year anniversary of the Six Month Date if the stockholder approval of the Conversion Proposal is not obtained by such time (collectively, the Accruing Dividends). Such Accruing Dividends shall be payable only when, as, and if declared by the Board of Directors and the Company shall be under no obligation to pay such Accruing Dividends, other than as expressly provided in the Certificate of Designations. 

Holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock are also entitled to receive dividends on shares of Series A Preferred Stock equal to, on an as-if-converted-to-Common Stock basis, and in the same form as dividends if such dividends are paid on shares of the Common Stock. Except as otherwise required by law, the Series A Preferred Stock does not have voting rights. However, as long as any shares of Series A Preferred Stock are outstanding, the Company will not, 

without the affirmative vote of the holders of 60% of the then outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock, (a) alter or change adversely the powers, preferences or rights of the Series A Preferred Stock in a manner disproportionate to the other capital stock of the Company, (b) alter or amend the Certificate of Designations, or (c) amend its certificate of incorporation or other charter documents in any manner that adversely affects any rights of the holders of Series A Preferred Stock in a manner disproportionate to the other capital stock of the Company. 

The Series A Preferred Stock does not have a preference upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Company whether voluntarily or involuntarily; provided, however, that from the Six Month Date until receipt of stockholder approval of the Conversion Proposal, the Series A Preferred Stock shall rank senior to the Common Stock as to distributions of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, whether voluntarily or involuntarily. 

Following stockholder approval of the Conversion Proposal, each share of Series A Preferred Stock will automatically convert into 250 shares of Common Stock, subject to certain limitations, including that a holder of Series A Preferred Stock is prohibited from converting shares of Series A Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock if, as a result of such conversion, such holder, together with its affiliates, would beneficially own more than a specified percentage set by the holder (and if not otherwise specifically set, 19.9%) of the total number of shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately after giving effect to such conversion. 

The foregoing description of the Series A Preferred Stock does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Certificate of Designations, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 3.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits: 

No. 

Exhibit

3.1 Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock 

4.1 Warrant Certificate, dated January 8, 2025, issued by Outset Medical, Inc. to Perceptive Credit Holdings IV, LP 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURE 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

Dated: January 8, 2025 Outset Medical, Inc.

By: 

/s/ Nabeel Ahmed

Name: Nabeel Ahmed

Title: Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d859629dex31.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.1
<TEXT>
EX-3.1

Exhibit 3.1 

Execution Version 

OUTSET MEDICAL, INC. 

CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION OF PREFERENCES, 

RIGHTS AND LIMITATIONS 

OF 

SERIES A NON-VOTING CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK 

Pursuant to Section 151 of the 

General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware 

THE UNDERSIGNED DOES HEREBY CERTIFY, on behalf of Outset Medical, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Corporation), that the following
resolution was duly adopted by the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the Board of Directors), in accordance with the provisions of Section 151 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the
DGCL), at a meeting on January 2, 2025, which resolution provides for the creation of a series of the Corporations Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share, which is designated as Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock, with the preferences, rights and limitations set forth therein relating to dividends, conversion, redemption, dissolution and distribution of assets of the Corporation.

WHEREAS: the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation (the Certificate of
Incorporation) provides for a class of its authorized stock known as Preferred Stock, consisting of 5,000,000 shares, $0.001 par value per share (the Preferred Stock), issuable from time to time in one or more
series. 

RESOLVED: that, pursuant to authority conferred upon the Board of Directors by the Certificate of Incorporation,
(i) a series of Preferred Stock of the Corporation be, and hereby is authorized by the Board of Directors, (ii) the Board of Directors hereby authorizes the issuance of 863,340 shares of Series A
Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock pursuant to the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 3, 2025, by and among the Corporation and the initial Holders (as defined
below) (the Securities Purchase Agreement), and (iii) the Board of Directors hereby fixes the designations, powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, and the qualifications,
limitations or restrictions thereof, of such shares of Preferred Stock, in addition to any provisions set forth in the Certificate of Incorporation that are applicable to the Preferred Stock of all classes and series, as follows: 

TERMS OF SERIES A NON-VOTING CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK 

1. Definitions. For the purposes hereof, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more
intermediates, controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such Person. 

1 

Business Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any
day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close. 

Buy-In shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 6.5.4. 

Closing Sale Price means, for any security as of any date, the last
closing trade price for such security immediately prior to 4:00 p.m., New York City time, on the principal Trading Market where such security is listed or traded, as reported by Bloomberg, L.P. (or an equivalent, reliable reporting service), or if
the foregoing do not apply, the last trade price of such security in the over-the-counter market on the electronic bulletin board for such security as reported by
Bloomberg, L.P., or, if no last trade price is reported for such security by Bloomberg, L.P., the average of the bid prices of any market makers for such security as reported on the OTC Pink Market by OTC Markets Group, Inc. If the Closing Sale
Price cannot be calculated for a security on a particular date on any of the foregoing bases, the Closing Sale Price of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the
Corporation. 

Common Stock means the Corporations common stock, par value $0.001 per share, and stock of
any other class of securities into which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed. 

Conversion
Price means, for each share of Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock, $0.80, subject to adjustment as provided herein. 

Conversion Shares means, collectively, the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the shares of Series A
Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock in accordance with the terms hereof. 

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Fundamental Transaction means (i) the Corporation effects any merger or consolidation of the Corporation with
or into another Person or any stock sale to, or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, share exchange or scheme of arrangement) with or into
another Person, (ii) the Corporation effects any sale, lease, transfer or exclusive license of all or substantially all of its assets in one transaction or a series of related transactions, (iii) any tender offer or exchange offer (whether
by the Corporation or another Person) is completed pursuant to which more than 50% of the Common Stock not held by the Corporation or such Person is exchanged for or converted into other securities, cash or property, or (iv) the Corporation
effects any reclassification of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant (other than as a result of a dividend, subdivision or combination covered by Section 7.1) to which the Common Stock is effectively
converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Fundamental Transaction will not include any (x) such merger or consolidation involving the Corporation or a subsidiary in which the shares of
capital stock of the Corporation outstanding immediately prior to such merger or consolidation continue to represent, or are 

2 

converted into or exchanged for shares of capital stock that represent, immediately following such merger or consolidation, at least a majority of the capital stock of (1) the surviving or
resulting corporation; or (2) if the surviving or resulting corporation is a wholly owned subsidiary of another corporation immediately following such merger or consolidation, the parent corporation of such surviving or resulting corporation or
(y) bona fide equity financing of the Corporation. 

Holder means a holder of shares of Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock. 

Liquidation means (i) at any
time, any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary, and (ii) at any time prior to receipt of Stockholder Approval (as defined below), any Fundamental
Transaction. 

Original Per Share Price means $200.00. 

Person means an individual or entity including but not limited to any corporation, limited liability company,
association, partnership, organization, business, individual, governmental or political subdivision thereof or a government agency. 

SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Six Month Date means the date that is six months following the date of the first issuance of the Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock. 

Trading Day means (i) a day on
which the Nasdaq Global Select Market is open for business, or (ii) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market but is listed or quoted on another Trading Market, a day on which the principal
Trading Market on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted is open for business. 

Trading Market means any of
the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, or the New York Stock
Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing). 

2. Designation, Amount and Par Value. The series of Preferred Stock shall be
designated as the Corporations Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock)
and the number of shares so designated shall be 863,340. Each share of Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock shall have a par value of $0.001 per share. 

3. Dividends. 

3.1. From
the Six Month Date until receipt of the Stockholder Approval, dividends will accrue, on all issued and outstanding shares of Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock, prior to and in preference to all
other shares of capital stock of the Corporation, at an annual rate of eight percent (8%) compounded annually on the Original Per Share Price (plus any such accreted compounded amounts); provided that such annual dividend rate shall increase by two
percent (2%) on each one year anniversary of the Six Month Date if the Stockholder Approval is not obtained by such time (collectively, the Accruing Dividends). Such Accruing Dividends shall be payable only when, as, and if
declared by the Board of Directors and the Corporation shall be under no obligation to pay such Accruing Dividends, other than as expressly provided in Sections 5 and 6. 

3 

3.2. In addition to their rights under Section 3.1 above, Holders
shall be entitled to receive, and the Corporation shall pay, dividends on shares of the Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock (on an as-if-converted-to-Common-Stock basis, without regard to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below)) equal to and in the same form, and in the same
manner, as dividends (other than dividends on shares of the Common Stock payable in the form of Common Stock) actually paid on shares of the Common Stock when, as and if such dividends (other than dividends payable in the form of Common Stock) are
paid on shares of the Common Stock. No other dividends shall be paid on shares of Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock, and the Corporation shall pay no dividends (other than dividends payable in
the form of Common Stock) on shares of the Common Stock unless it simultaneously complies with the previous sentence. 

4. Voting
Rights.

4.1. Except as otherwise provided herein or as otherwise required by the DGCL, the Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock shall have no voting rights. However, as long as any shares of Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock are outstanding, the
Corporation shall not, without the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 60% of the then outstanding shares of the Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock: (i) alter or change adversely the
powers, preferences or rights of the Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock in a manner disproportionate to the other capital stock of the Corporation or alter or amend this Certificate of
Designation, amend or repeal any provision of, or add any provision to, the Certificate of Incorporation or Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Corporation, or file any articles of amendment, certificate of designations, preferences, limitations and
relative rights of any series of Preferred Stock, if such action would adversely alter or change the powers, preferences or rights of, or restrictions provided for the benefit of the Series A Non-Voting
Convertible Preferred Stock in a manner disproportionate to the other capital stock of the Corporation, regardless of whether any of the foregoing actions shall be by means of amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation or by merger,
consolidation, recapitalization, reclassification, conversion or otherwise (it being understood that the creation and issuance of a new series of Preferred Stock having rights pari passu with or senior to the Series A
Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock shall not be deemed to adversely affect the powers, preferences or rights of the Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock),
(ii) increase or decrease (other than by conversion) the number of authorized shares of Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock, or (iii) enter into any agreement with respect to any of the
foregoing. Holders of shares of Common Stock acquired upon the conversion of shares of Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock shall be entitled to the same voting rights as each other holder of Common
Stock, except that such holders may not vote such shares upon the proposal for Stockholder Approval in accordance with Rule 5635 of the listing rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC. 

4.2. Any vote required or permitted under Section 4.1 may be taken at a meeting of the Holders or through the
execution of an action by written consent in lieu of such meeting, provided that the consent is executed by Holders representing at least 60% of the then outstanding shares of Series A Non-Voting Convertible
Preferred Stock. 

4 

5. Rank; Liquidation. 

5.1. The Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock shall rank on parity with the Common Stock as
to distributions of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, whether voluntarily or involuntarily; provided, however, that from the Six Month Date until receipt of the Stockholder Approval, the Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock shall rank senior to the Common Stock as to distributions of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, whether voluntarily or involuntarily. 

5.2. Prior to the Six Month Date or at any time following Stockholder Approval, upon any Liquidation, each Holder shall be entitled to receive
out of the assets, whether capital or surplus, of the Corporation the same amount that a holder of Common Stock would receive if the Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock were fully converted
(disregarding for such purpose any Beneficial Ownership Limitations) to Common Stock which amounts shall be paid pari passu with all holders of Common Stock, plus an additional amount equal to any Accruing Dividends accrued but unpaid thereon,
whether or not declared, together with any other dividends declared on but unpaid to such shares. If, upon any such Liquidation, the assets of the Corporation shall be insufficient to pay the Holders of shares of the Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock the amount required under the preceding sentence, then all remaining assets of the Corporation shall be distributed ratably to the Holders and the holders of Common Stock in
accordance with the respective amounts that would be payable on all such securities if all amounts payable thereon were paid in full. 

5.3. From the Six Month Date until Stockholder Approval is obtained, upon any Liquidation, each Holder shall be entitled to receive out of the
assets, whether capital or surplus, of the Corporation an amount equal to the greater of (i) the Original Per Share Price for each share of Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock held by such
Holder plus any Accruing Dividends accrued but unpaid thereon, whether or not declared, together with any other dividends declared on but unpaid to such shares, and (ii) the amount such Holder would receive if the shares of Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock held by such Holder and any Accruing Dividends accrued but unpaid thereon, whether or not declared, were converted to Common Stock. If, upon any such Liquidation, the assets of
the Corporation shall be insufficient to pay the Holders of shares of the Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock the amount required under the preceding sentence, then all remaining assets of the
Corporation shall be distributed ratably to the Holders in accordance with the respective amounts that would be payable on the Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock if all amounts payable thereon
were paid in full. 

5 

6. Conversion. 

6.1. Automatic Conversion on Stockholder Approval. Effective as of 5:00 p.m. Eastern time on the third Business Day after the
date that the Corporations stockholders approve the conversion of the Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock in accordance with the listing rules of the Nasdaq
Stock Market, as set forth in Section 5.11 of the Securities Purchase Agreement (the Stockholder Approval), (i) each share of Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock
then outstanding shall automatically convert into a number of shares of Common Stock equal to (i) the Original Per Share Price plus any Accruing Dividends accrued but unpaid thereon, whether or not declared divided by
(ii) the Conversion Price, subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (the Automatic Conversion). The Corporation shall inform each Holder of the occurrence of the Stockholder Approval within one Business Day of
such Stockholder Approval. In determining the application of the Beneficial Ownership Limitations solely with respect to the Automatic Conversion, the Corporation shall calculate beneficial ownership for each Holder assuming beneficial ownership by
such Holder of: (x) the number of shares of Common Stock issuable to such Holder in such Automatic Conversion, plus (y) any additional shares of Common Stock for which a Holder has provided the Corporation with prior written notice of
beneficial ownership within 30 days prior to the date of Stockholder Approval (a Beneficial Ownership Statement) and assuming the conversion of all shares of Series A Non-Voting
Convertible Preferred Stock held by all other Holders less the aggregate number of shares of Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock held by all other Holders that will not convert into shares of
Common Stock on account of the application of any Beneficial Ownership Limitations applicable to any such other Holders. If a Holder fails to provide the Corporation with a Beneficial Ownership Statement within 10 days prior to the date of
Stockholder Approval, then the Corporation shall presume the Holders beneficial ownership of Common Stock (excluding the Conversion Shares) to be zero. The shares of Series A Non-Voting Convertible
Preferred Stock that are converted in the Automatic Conversion are referred to as the Converted Stock. The Conversion Shares shall be issued as follows: 

6.1.1. Converted Stock that is registered in book entry form shall be automatically cancelled upon the Automatic Conversion and converted
into the corresponding Conversion Shares, which shares shall be issued in book entry form and without any action on the part of the Holders and shall be delivered to the Holders within one Business Day of the effectiveness of the Automatic
Conversion. 

6.1.2. Converted Stock that is issued in certificated form shall be deemed converted into the corresponding Conversion
Shares on the date of Automatic Conversion and the Holders rights as a holder of such shares of Converted Stock shall cease and terminate on such date, excepting only the right to receive the Conversion Shares upon the Holder tendering to the
Corporation (or its designated agent) the stock certificate(s) (duly endorsed) representing such certificated Converted Stock. 

6.1.3.
Notwithstanding the cancellation of the Converted Stock upon the Automatic Conversion, Holders of Converted Stock shall continue to have any remedies provided herein or otherwise available at law or in equity to such Holder because of a failure by
the Corporation to comply with the terms of this Certificate of Designation. In all cases, the Holder shall retain all of its rights and remedies for the Corporations failure to convert the Converted Stock. 

6 

6.2. Conversion at Option of Holder. Subject to
Section 6.1, Section 6.4 and Section 6.5.3, (i) each share of Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock then outstanding
shall be convertible, at any time and from time to time following 5:00 p.m. Eastern time on the third Business Day after the date that the Stockholder Approval is obtained by the Corporation, at the option of the Holder thereof, into a number of
shares of Common Stock equal to (i) the Original Per Share Price plus any Accruing Dividends accrued but unpaid thereon, whether or not declared divided by (ii) the Conversion Price, subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation
(each, an Optional Conversion). Holders shall effect conversions by providing the Corporation with the form of conversion notice attached hereto as Annex A (a Notice of Conversion),
duly completed and executed. Provided the Corporations transfer agent is participating in the Depository Trust Company (DTC) Fast Automated Securities Transfer program, the Notice of Conversion may specify, at the
Holders election, whether the applicable Conversion Shares shall be credited to the account of the Holders prime broker with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission system (a DWAC Delivery). The date
on which an Optional Conversion shall be deemed effective (the Conversion Date) shall be the Trading Day that the Notice of Conversion, completed and executed, is sent via email to, and received during regular business
hours by, the Corporation; provided, that the original certificate(s) (if any) representing such shares of Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock being converted, duly endorsed, and the
accompanying Notice of Conversion, are received by the Corporation within two Trading Days thereafter. In all other cases, the Conversion Date shall be defined as the Trading Day on which the original certificate(s) (if any) representing such shares
of Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock being converted, duly endorsed, and the accompanying Notice of Conversion, are received by the Corporation. The calculations set forth in the Notice of
Conversion shall control in the absence of manifest or mathematical error. 

6.3. [Reserved]. 

6.4. Beneficial Ownership Limitation. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Corporation shall not effect any conversion
of any share of Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock, including pursuant to Section 6.1, and a Holder shall not have the right to convert any portion of the Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock pursuant to Section 6.2, to the extent that, after giving effect to such attempted conversion, such Holder (or any of such Holders Affiliates or
any other Person who would be a beneficial owner of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder for purposes of Section 13(d) or Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC, including any
group of which the Holder is a member (the foregoing, Attribution Parties)) would beneficially own a number of shares of Common Stock in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation. For purposes of the
foregoing sentence, the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by such Holder and its Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock subject to the Optional Conversion or the Automatic Conversion, as applicable, with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of
Common Stock which are issuable upon (A) conversion of the remaining, unconverted Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock beneficially owned by such Holder or any of its Attribution Parties, and
(B) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other securities of the Corporation (including any warrants) beneficially owned by such Holder or any of its Attribution Parties that are subject to and would exceed a
limitation on conversion or exercise similar to the limitation contained herein. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 6.4, beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with
Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the applicable rules and regulations of 

7 

the SEC, and the terms beneficial ownership and beneficially own have the meanings ascribed to such terms therein. In addition, for purposes hereof, group has
the meaning set forth in Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC. For purposes of this Section 6.4, in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a
Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as stated in the most recent of the following: (A) the Corporations most recent periodic or annual filing with the SEC, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public
announcement by the Corporation that is filed with the SEC, or (C) a more recent notice by the Corporation or the Corporations transfer agent to the Holder setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. Upon the
written request of a Holder (which may be by email), the Corporation shall, within two (2) Trading Days thereof, confirm in writing to such Holder (which may be via email) the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the
number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to any actual conversion or exercise of securities of the Corporation, including shares of Series A Non-Voting Convertible
Preferred Stock, by such Holder or its Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was last publicly reported or confirmed to the Holder. The Beneficial Ownership
Limitation shall initially be set at the discretion of each Holder to a percentage designated by such Holder on its signature page to the Securities Purchase Agreement of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding or deemed
to be outstanding as of the applicable measurement date, and such percentage shall be set at 19.9% for any Holder that does not make such designation in the Securities Purchase Agreement. The Corporation shall be entitled to rely on representations
made to it by the Holder in any Notice of Conversion regarding its Beneficial Ownership Limitation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, by written notice to the Corporation, (i) the Holder may reset the Beneficial Ownership Limitation percentage to
a higher percentage, which increase will not be effective until the sixty-first (61st) day after such written notice is delivered to the Corporation, and (ii) the Holder may reset the Beneficial Ownership Limitation percentage to a lower
percentage provided that such decrease shall not become effective until the latest of (x) 8:00 a.m. Eastern time on the fourth Business Day after the date of the Stockholder Approval, (y) if Stockholder Approval is not obtained within six
months after the initial issuance of the Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock, the date that is three Business Days after the date that is six months after the initial issuance of the Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock, and (z) the third (3rd) day after such written notice is delivered to the Corporation. Upon such a change by a Holder of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation may not be further amended by such Holder without first providing the minimum notice required by this Section 6.4. Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time following notice of a Fundamental
Transaction, the Holder may waive and/or change the Beneficial Ownership Limitation effective immediately upon written notice to the Corporation and may reinstitute a Beneficial Ownership Limitation at any time thereafter effective immediately upon
written notice to the Corporation. The provisions of this Section 6.4 shall be construed, corrected and implemented in a manner so as to effectuate the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained and the
shares of Common Stock underlying the Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall not be deemed to be beneficially owned by the Holder for any
purpose, including for purposes of Section 13(d) or Rule 16a-1(a)(1) of the Exchange Act. 

8 

6.5. Mechanics of Conversion. 

6.5.1. Delivery of Certificate or Electronic Issuance. Upon Conversion not later than two Trading Days after the applicable Conversion
Date, or if the Holder requests the issuance of physical certificate(s), two Trading Days after receipt by the Corporation of the original certificate(s) representing such shares of Series A Non-Voting
Convertible Preferred Stock being converted, duly endorsed, and the accompanying Notice of Conversion (the Share Delivery Date), the Corporation shall either: (a) deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the converting
Holder a physical certificate or certificates representing the number of Conversion Shares being acquired upon the conversion of shares of Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock, or (b) in the
case of a DWAC Delivery (if so requested by the Holder), electronically transfer such Conversion Shares by crediting the account of the Holders prime broker with DTC through its DWAC system. If in the case of any Notice of Conversion such
certificate or certificates for the Conversion Shares are not delivered to or as directed by or, in the case of a DWAC Delivery, such shares are not electronically delivered to or as directed by, the applicable Holder by the Share Delivery Date, the
applicable Holder shall be entitled to elect to rescind such Notice of Conversion by written notice to the Corporation at any time on or before its receipt of such certificate or certificates for Conversion Shares or electronic receipt of such
shares, as applicable, in which event the Corporation shall promptly return to such Holder any original Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock certificate delivered to the Corporation and such Holder
shall promptly return to the Corporation any Common Stock certificates or otherwise direct the return of any shares of Common Stock delivered to the Holder through the DWAC system, representing the shares of Series A
Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock unsuccessfully tendered for conversion to the Corporation. 

6.5.2. Obligation Absolute. Subject to Section 6.4 and subject to Holders right to rescind a Notice of
Conversion pursuant to Section 6.5.1, the Corporations obligation to issue and deliver the Conversion Shares upon conversion of Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock
in accordance with the terms hereof are absolute and unconditional, irrespective of any action or inaction by a Holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision hereof, the recovery of any judgment against any Person
or any action to enforce the same, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged breach by such Holder or any other Person of any obligation to the Corporation or any violation or alleged violation of
law by such Holder or any other Person, and irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the Corporation to such Holder in connection with the issuance of such Conversion Shares. Subject to
Section 6.4 and subject to Holders right to rescind a Notice of Conversion pursuant to Section 6.5.1, in the event a Holder shall elect to convert any or all of its Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock, the Corporation may not refuse conversion based on any claim that such Holder or anyone associated or affiliated with such Holder has been engaged in any violation of law,
agreement or for any other reason, unless an injunction from a court, on notice to Holder, restraining and/or enjoining conversion of all or part of the Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock of such
Holder shall have been sought and obtained by the Corporation, and the Corporation posts a surety bond for the benefit of such Holder in the amount of 150% of the value of the Conversion Shares into which would be converted the Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock which is subject to such injunction, which bond shall remain in effect until the completion of arbitration/litigation of the underlying dispute and the proceeds of which shall
be payable to such Holder to the extent it obtains judgment. In the absence of such injunction, the Corporation shall, subject to Section 6.4 and subject to Holders right to rescind a Notice of Conversion pursuant to
Section 6.5.1, issue Conversion Shares upon a properly noticed conversion. 

9 

6.5.3. Cash Settlement. If, at any time after Stockholder Approval the Corporation
fails to deliver to a Holder such certificate or certificates, or electronically deliver (or cause its transfer agent to electronically deliver) such shares in the case of a DWAC Delivery, pursuant to Section 6.5.1 on or
prior to the third Trading Day after the Share Delivery Date applicable to such conversion (other than a failure caused by (i) materially incorrect or incomplete information provided by Holder to the Corporation or (ii) the
application of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation), then, unless the Holder has rescinded the applicable Notice of Conversion pursuant to Section 6.5.1, the Corporation shall, at the request of the Holder, pay an amount
equal to the Fair Value of such undelivered shares, with such payment to be made within two (2) Business Days from the date of request by the Holder, whereupon the Corporations obligations to deliver such shares underlying the Notice of
Conversion shall be extinguished upon payment in full of the Fair Value of such undelivered shares. For purposes of Section 6, the Fair Value of shares shall be fixed with reference to the last
reported Closing Sale Price on the principal Trading Market on which the Common Stock is listed as of the Trading Day immediately prior to the date on which the Notice of Conversion is delivered to the Corporation. For the avoidance of doubt, the
cash settlement provisions set forth in this Section 6.5.3 shall be available irrespective of the reason for the Corporations failure to timely deliver Conversion Shares (other than a failure caused by
(i) materially incorrect or incomplete information provided by Holder to the Corporation, (ii) the application of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, or (iii) the lack of obtaining Stockholder Approval), including due to limitations
set forth in Section 6.5.6 or due to applicable Trading Market rules. 

6.5.4.
Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Certificates. If the Corporation fails to deliver to a Holder the applicable certificate or certificates or to effect a DWAC Delivery, as applicable, by the Share
Delivery Date pursuant to Section 6.5.1 (other than a failure caused by materially incorrect or incomplete information provided by Holder to the Corporation or the application of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation), and if
after such Share Delivery Date such Holder is required by its brokerage firm to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise), or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a
sale by such Holder of the Conversion Shares which such Holder was entitled to receive upon the conversion relating to such Share Delivery Date (a Buy-In), then the Corporation shall
(A) pay in cash to such Holder (in addition to any other remedies available to or elected by such Holder) the amount by which (x) such Holders total purchase price (including any brokerage commissions) for the shares of Common Stock
so purchased exceeds (y) the product of (1) the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that such Holder was entitled to receive from the conversion at issue multiplied by (2) the actual sale price at which the sell order giving
rise to such purchase obligation was executed (including any brokerage commissions) or (B) at the option of such Holder, either reissue (if surrendered) the shares of Series A Non-Voting Convertible
Preferred Stock equal to the number of shares of Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock submitted for conversion or deliver to such Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been
issued if the Corporation had timely complied with its delivery requirements under Section 6.5.1. For example, if a Holder purchases shares of Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In

10 

with respect to an attempted conversion of shares of Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock with respect to which the actual sale price (including
any brokerage commissions) giving rise to such purchase obligation was a total of $10,000 under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence, the Corporation shall be required to pay such Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the
Corporation written notice, within three Trading Days after the occurrence of a Buy-In, indicating the amounts payable to such Holder in respect of such Buy-In together
with applicable confirmations and other evidence reasonably requested by the Corporation. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a
decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Corporations failure to timely deliver certificates representing shares of Common Stock upon conversion of the shares of Series A
Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock as required pursuant to the terms hereof or the cash settlement remedy set forth in Section 6.5.3; provided, however, that the Holder shall not
be entitled to both (i) require the reissuance of the shares of Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock submitted for conversion for which such conversion was not timely honored and
(ii) receive the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued if the Corporation had timely complied with its delivery requirements under Section 6.5.1. 

6.5.5. Reservation of Shares Issuable Upon Conversion. The Corporation covenants that at all times it will reserve and keep available
out of its authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock for the sole purpose of issuance upon conversion of the Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock, free from preemptive rights or any other
actual contingent purchase rights of Persons other than the Holders of the Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock, not less than such aggregate number of shares of the Common Stock as shall be
issuable (taking into account the adjustments of Section 7) upon the conversion of all outstanding shares of Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock. The Corporation covenants
that all shares of Common Stock that shall be so issuable shall, upon issue, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

6.5.6. Fractional Shares. No fractional shares of Common Stock shall be issued upon conversion of the Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock, no certificates or scrip for any such fractional shares shall be issued and no cash shall be paid for any such fractional shares. Any fractional shares of Common Stock that a
Holder of Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock would otherwise be entitled to receive shall be aggregated with all fractional shares of Common Stock issuable to such Holder and any remaining
fractional shares shall be rounded up to the nearest whole share. Whether or not fractional shares would be issuable upon such conversion shall be determined on the basis of the total number of shares of Series A
Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock the Holder is at the time converting into Common Stock and the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion. 

6.5.7. Transfer Taxes. The issuance of certificates for shares of the Common Stock upon conversion of the Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock shall be made without charge to any Holder for any documentary stamp or similar taxes that may be payable in respect of the issue or delivery of such certificates, provided
that the Corporation shall not be required to pay any tax that may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the 

11 

issuance and delivery of any such certificate upon conversion in a name other than that of the registered Holder(s) of such shares of Series A Non-Voting
Convertible Preferred Stock and the Corporation shall not be required to issue or deliver such certificates unless or until the Person or Persons requesting the issuance thereof shall have paid to the Corporation the amount of such tax or shall have
established to the satisfaction of the Corporation that such tax has been paid. 

6.6. Status as Stockholder. Upon each Conversion
Date, (i) the shares of Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock being converted shall be deemed converted into shares of Common Stock and (ii) the Holders rights as a holder of such
converted shares of Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock shall cease and terminate, excepting only the right to receive certificates for such shares of Common Stock and to any remedies provided
herein or otherwise available at law or in equity to such Holder because of a failure by the Corporation to comply with the terms of this Certificate of Designation. In all cases, the Holder shall retain all of its rights and remedies for the
Corporations failure to convert Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock. In no event shall the Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock convert into
shares of Common Stock prior to the Stockholder Approval. 

7. Certain Adjustments. 

7.1. Stock Dividends and Stock Splits. If the Corporation, at any time while this Series A
Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock is outstanding: (A) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions payable in shares of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall
not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Corporation upon conversion of this Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock) with respect to the then outstanding shares of Common Stock;
(B) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares; or (C) combines (including by way of a reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, then the Conversion Price
shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Corporation) outstanding immediately after such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of
shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately before such event (excluding any treasury shares of the Corporation). Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 7.1 shall become effective immediately after the record date
for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision or combination. 

7.2. Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time following receipt of the Stockholder Approval while any shares of Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock are outstanding, a Fundamental Transaction shall be effected, then, upon any subsequent conversion of this Series A Non-Voting
Convertible Preferred Stock the Holders shall have the right to receive, in lieu of the right to receive Conversion Shares, for each Conversion Share that would have been issuable upon such conversion immediately prior to the occurrence of such
Fundamental Transaction, the same kind and amount of securities, cash or property as it would have been entitled to receive upon the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction if it had been, immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction, the
holder of one share of Common Stock (the Alternate Consideration). For purposes of any such subsequent conversion, the determination of the Conversion Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate
Consideration based 

12 

on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Corporation shall adjust the Conversion Price in a reasonable
manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holders
shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any conversion of this Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock following such Fundamental Transaction. To the extent
necessary to effectuate the foregoing provisions, any successor to the Corporation or surviving entity in such Fundamental Transaction shall file a new certificate of designations with the same terms and conditions and issue to the Holders new
preferred stock consistent with the foregoing provisions and evidencing the Holders right to convert such preferred stock into Alternate Consideration. The terms of any agreement to which the Corporation is a party and pursuant to which a
Fundamental Transaction is effected shall include terms requiring any such successor or surviving entity to comply with the provisions of this Section 7.2 and insuring that this Series A
Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock (or any such replacement security) will be similarly adjusted upon any subsequent transaction analogous to a Fundamental Transaction. The Corporation shall cause to be
delivered to each Holder, at its last address as it shall appear upon the stock books of the Corporation, written notice of any Fundamental Transaction at least 20 calendar days prior to the date on which such Fundamental Transaction is expected to
become effective or close. 

7.3. Calculations. All calculations under this Section 7 shall be made to the
nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes of this Section 7, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the number
of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Corporation) issued and outstanding. 

8. Redemption. The shares of
Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock shall not be redeemable; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not limit the ability of the Corporation to purchase or otherwise deal in such shares to the
extent otherwise permitted hereby and by law, nor shall the foregoing limit the Holders rights under Section 6.5.3. 

9. Transfer. A Holder may transfer any shares of Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred
Stock together with the accompanying rights set forth herein, held by such holder without the consent of the Corporation; provided that such transfer is in compliance with applicable securities laws. The Corporation shall in good faith (i) do
and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and (ii) execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, in each case, as any holder of Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock may reasonably request in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Section 9. The transferee of any shares of Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock shall be subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation applicable to the transferor as of the time of such transfer. 

13 

10. Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred
Stock Register. The Corporation shall maintain at its principal executive offices (or such other office or agency of the Corporation as it may designate by notice to the Holders in accordance with Section 11), a
register for the Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock, in which the Corporation shall record (i) the name, address, and electronic mail address of each holder in whose name the shares of Series
A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock have been issued and (ii) the name, address, and electronic mail address of each transferee of any shares of Series A
Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock. The Corporation may deem and treat the registered Holder of shares of Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock as the
absolute owner thereof for the purpose of any conversion thereof and for all other purposes. The Corporation shall keep the register open and available at all times during business hours for inspection by any holder of Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock or his, her or its legal representatives. 

11. Notices.
Any notice required or permitted by the provisions of this Certificate of Designation to be given to a Holder of shares of Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock shall be mailed, postage prepaid, to
the post office address last shown on the records of the Corporation, or given by electronic communication in compliance with the provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law, and shall be deemed sent upon such mailing or electronic
transmission. 

12. Book-Entry; Certificates. The Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred
Stock will be issued in book-entry form; provided that, if a Holder requests that such Holders shares of Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock be issued in certificated form, the Corporation
will instead issue a stock certificate to such Holder representing such Holders shares of Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock. To the extent that any shares of Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock are issued in book-entry form, references herein to certificates shall instead refer to the book-entry notation relating to such shares. 

13. Waiver. Any waiver by the Corporation or a Holder of a breach of any provision of this Certificate of Designation shall not operate
as or be construed to be a waiver of any other breach of such provision or of any breach of any other provision of this Certificate of Designation or a waiver by any other Holders. The failure of the Corporation or a Holder to insist upon strict
adherence to any term of this Certificate of Designation on one or more occasions shall not be considered a waiver or deprive that party (or any other Holder) of the right thereafter to insist upon strict adherence to that term or any other term of
this Certificate of Designation. Any waiver by the Corporation or a Holder must be in writing. Notwithstanding any provision in this Certificate of Designation to the contrary, any provision contained herein and any right of the Holders of Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock granted hereunder may be waived as to all shares of Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock (and the Holders thereof) upon the
written consent of the Holders of at least 60% of the then outstanding shares of Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock, provided, however, that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation applicable to a
Holder, and any provisions contained herein that are related to such Beneficial Ownership Limitation, cannot be modified, waived or terminated without the consent of such Holder, and provided further, that any proposed waiver that would, by its
terms, have a disproportionate and materially adverse effect on any Holder shall require the consent of such Holder(s). 

14.
Severability. Whenever possible, each provision hereof shall be interpreted in a manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision hereof is held to be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, then such
provision shall be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating or otherwise adversely affecting the remaining provisions hereof. 

14 

15. Status of Converted Series A Non-Voting
Convertible Preferred Stock. If any shares of Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock shall be converted or redeemed by the Corporation, such shares shall, to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law, be retired and cancelled upon such acquisition, and shall not be reissued as a share of Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock. Any share of Series A
Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock so acquired shall, upon its retirement and cancellation, and upon the taking of any action required by applicable law, resume the status of authorized but unissued shares
of preferred stock and shall no longer be designated as Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock. 

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

15 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Outset Medical, Inc. has caused this Certificate of Designation of
Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock to be duly executed by its Chief Financial Officer on the 7th of January, 2025. 

OUTSET MEDICAL, INC.

By: 

/s/ Nabeel Ahmed

Name: Nabeel Ahmed

Title: Chief Financial Officer

ANNEX A 

NOTICE OF CONVERSION 

(TO BE
EXECUTED BY THE REGISTERED HOLDER IN ORDER TO CONVERT SHARES OF SERIES A NON-VOTING CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK) 

The undersigned Holder hereby irrevocably elects to convert the number of shares of Series A Non-Voting Convertible
Preferred Stock indicated below, represented in book-entry form, into shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Common Stock), of Outset Medical, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Corporation), as of the date
written below. If securities are to be issued in the name of a Person other than the undersigned, the undersigned will pay all transfer taxes payable with respect thereto. Capitalized terms utilized but not defined herein shall have the meaning
ascribed to such terms in that certain Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock (the Certificate of Designation)
filed by the Corporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on January 7, 2025. 

As of the date hereof, the number of shares of
Common Stock beneficially owned by the undersigned Holder (together with such Holders Attribution Parties), including the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series A
Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock subject to this Notice of Conversion, but excluding the number of shares of Common Stock which are issuable upon (A) conversion of the remaining, unconverted Series
A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock beneficially owned by such Holder or any of its Attribution Parties, and (B) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other
securities of the Corporation (including any warrants) beneficially owned by such Holder or any of its Attribution Parties that are subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise similar to the limitation contained in
Section 6.4 of the Certificate of Designation, is . For purposes hereof, beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the applicable
regulations of the SEC. In addition, for purposes hereof, group has the meaning set forth in Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the applicable regulations of the SEC. 

CONVERSION CALCULATIONS: 

Date to Effect Conversion: 

Number of shares of Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock owned prior to Conversion: 

Number of shares of Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock to be Converted: 

Number of shares of Common Stock to be Issued: 

Address for delivery of physical certificates: 

For DWAC Delivery, please provide the following: 

Broker No.: 

Account No.: 

[HOLDER]

By: 

Name: 

Title
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d859629dex41.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.1
<TEXT>
EX-4.1

Exhibit 4.1 

WARRANT CERTIFICATE 

THIS
WARRANT CERTIFICATE AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS WARRANT CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR QUALIFIED UNDER ANY STATE OR FOREIGN SECURITIES LAWS AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE,
SOLD, PLEDGED, HYPOTHECATED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED UNLESS (I) A REGISTRATION STATEMENT COVERING SUCH SHARES IS EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND IS QUALIFIED UNDER APPLICABLE STATE AND FOREIGN LAW OR (II) THE TRANSACTION
IS EXEMPT FROM THE REGISTRATION AND PROSPECTUS DELIVERY REQUIREMENTS UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND THE QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENTS UNDER APPLICABLE STATE AND FOREIGN LAW AND, IN EACH CASE, IF THE COMPANY REQUESTS, AN OPINION REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO
THE COMPANY TO SUCH EFFECT HAS BEEN RENDERED BY COUNSEL. 

Issuer: Outset Medical, Inc.

Warrant Shares Issuable: 5,625,000 shares of Common Stock

Warrant Certificate No: 2025-A

Issue Date: January 8, 2025 (the Issue Date)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, OUTSET MEDICAL, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Company),
hereby certifies that PERCEPTIVE CREDIT HOLDINGS IV, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Initial Holder and, together with its successors and permitted transferees and assigns, a Holder) is
entitled to purchase, at the per share Exercise Price, up to 5,625,000 fully paid and nonassessable shares of the Companys Common Stock, all subject to the terms, conditions and adjustments set forth below in this Warrant Certificate. 

This Warrant Certificate has been issued as a condition precedent to the making of loans under and pursuant to the Credit Agreement and
Guaranty, dated as of January 3, 2025 (as amended or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement), among the Company, as borrower, certain Subsidiaries of the Company from time to time party thereto, as
guarantors, the lenders from time to time party thereto, and Perceptive Credit Holdings IV, LP, in its capacity as the administrative agent for the lenders. 

Section 1.Definitions. Capitalized terms used in this Warrant Certificate but not otherwise defined herein will have the
meanings ascribed thereto in the Credit Agreement as in effect on the Issue Date. The following terms when used herein have the following meanings: 

Aggregate Exercise Price means, with respect to any exercise of this Warrant Certificate for Warrant Shares pursuant
to Section 3, an amount equal to the product of (i) the number of Warrant Shares in respect of which this Warrant Certificate is then being exercised pursuant to Section 3,multiplied
by (ii) the Exercise Price. 

Assignment has the meaning set forth in Section 7.

Bloomberg has the meaning set forth within the definition of
VWAP. 

Cashless Exercise has the meaning set forth in
Section 3(b). 

Certificate of Incorporation means the Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation of the Company, filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on January 7, 2025 as amended or otherwise modified by way of amendments from time to time filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware. 

Common Stock means the Companys common stock, par value $0.001 per share, having ordinary voting rights, as
provided in the Companys Certificate of Incorporation. 

Company has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

Convertible Securities means any Equity Interests that, directly or indirectly, are convertible into or
exchangeable for Common Stock. 

Credit Agreement has the meaning set forth in the preamble. 

Determination Date has the meaning set forth in the definition of VWAP. 

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

Exercise Certificate has the meaning set forth in Section 3(a)(i). 

Exercise Date means, for any given exercise of this Warrant Certificate, whether in whole or in part, a Business Day
on which the conditions to such exercise as set forth in Section 3 have been satisfied at or prior to 5:00 p.m., New York City time. 

Exercise Period means the period from (and including) the Issue Date to (and including) 5:00 p.m., New York
City time, on the Expiration Date. 

Exercise Price means $0.80 per Warrant Share, as adjusted from time to time
as provided herein. 

Expiration Date means January 8, 2032. 

Fair Market Value means, as of any time of determination, (i) if the Warrant Shares are traded on a Trading
Market, the VWAP for the Warrant Shares, or (ii) if the Warrant Shares are not listed, quoted or otherwise available for trading on a Trading Market (so that there is no such preceding day on which the Warrant Shares are traded on a Trading
Market), the Fair Market Value of the Warrant Shares shall be the fair market value per Warrant Share (including, if applicable, any Common Stock or other Equity Interests issuable upon conversion of the Warrant Shares) as
reasonably determined in good faith by the Companys Board, such determination to be subject to Section 10(a) or Section 10(b) hereof, as applicable. 

Holder has the meaning set forth in the preamble. 

2 

Independent Advisor has the meaning set forth in
Section 10(a). 

Initial Holder has the meaning set forth in the preamble. 

Issue Date means the date designated as such on the first page of this Warrant Certificate. 

Marketable Securities means Equity Interests meeting each of the following requirements: (i) the issuer thereof
is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act, and is current in its filing of all required reports and other information under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act; (ii) such Equity
Interests are traded on a Trading Market; and (iii) if delivered (or to be delivered) to a Holder, such Holder would not be restricted from publicly re-selling any or all of such Equity Interests
delivered to it, except to the extent that any such restriction (x) arises solely under federal or state securities laws, rules or regulations, or (y) arises in connection with a customary market
stand-off provision (or similar underwriters lock-up) that does not extend beyond 180 days from the date of delivery of such Equity Interests to such Holder. 

Nasdaq means The Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc. 

NYSE means the New York Stock Exchange. 

Options means any warrants, options or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase Equity Interests of the Company,
including its Common Stock, Preferred Stock or Convertible Securities. 

OTC Bulletin Board means the National
Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. OTC Bulletin Board. 

Preferred Stock has the meaning set forth in
Certificate of Incorporation as in effect on the date hereof. 

Public Offering means, with respect to any
Person, any sale of Equity Interests of such Person pursuant to an offering that is underwritten on a firm commitment basis by a nationally recognized investment banking firm and, as a result of which, such Person becomes subject to the reporting
requirements of Section 13 or Section 15 of the Exchange Act immediately following such offering. 

Put
Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 4. 

Put Right has the
meaning set forth in Section 4. 

Put Consideration has the meaning set forth in
Section 4. 

Registration Statement means, with respect to any Public Offering by the
Company of its Common Stock, a registration statement of the Company that covers the offer and sale of any such Common Stock, including any prospectus, amendments or supplements to such Registration Statement, including post-effective amendments and
all exhibits and all materials incorporated by reference in such Registration Statement. 

3 

Rule 144 means Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act. 

Sale of the Company means an event or transaction or series of related events or transactions pursuant to which,
directly or indirectly, either (x) any Person or group of Persons acting jointly or otherwise in concert (other than the Holder) acquires ownership, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record, of Equity Interests of the Company having
more than fifty percent (50%) of the aggregate ordinary voting power, determined on a fully-diluted, as-if-converted or exercised basis, whether such right is
exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time, or (y) (i) all or substantially all of the assets or businesses of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, are transferred or sold, including by way of lease, transfer,
conveyance or other disposition (including, without limitation, by way of irrevocable, exclusive license arrangements), and (ii) as a result of, and pursuant to the terms governing, such event, transaction or series of related events or
transactions, all Obligations outstanding under the Credit Agreement are to be paid in full in cash. 

SEC means
the Securities and Exchange Commission or any successor thereto. 

Securities Act means the Securities Act of
1933, as amended. 

Trading Market means, with respect to the Warrant Shares, the principal US exchange or market
on which such Warrant Shares are quoted or available for trading, including the Nasdaq, the NYSE, the OTC Bulletin Board, pink sheets or otherwise. 

Unrestricted Conditions has the meaning set forth in Section 11(a)(ii). 

VWAP means, with respect to any Equity Interest, as of any day of determination (a Determination
Date), the volume weighted average sale price for such Equity Interest on the trading day immediately preceding such Determination Date on the Trading Market for such Equity Interest as reported by, or based upon data reported by,
Bloomberg Financial Markets or an equivalent, reliable reporting service reasonably acceptable to the Holder and the Company (collectively, Bloomberg) or, if the volume weighted average sale price has not been reported for
such Equity Interest by Bloomberg for such trading day, then the last closing trade price of such Equity Interest as reported by Bloomberg, or, if no last closing trade price is reported for such Equity Interest by Bloomberg, the average of the bid
prices of any market makers for such Equity Interest that are listed in the over the counter market by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. or on the OTC Bulletin Board (or any successor) or in the pink sheets (or any
successor) by the OTC Markets Group, Inc.; provided that if VWAP cannot be calculated for such Equity Interest on such date in the manner provided above (including because the applicable Equity Interest is not listed or publicly traded), the
VWAP shall be the Fair Market Value of such Equity Interest (determined as provided in clause (ii) of the definition of Fair Market Value). 

4 

Warrant Certificate means this Warrant Certificate and all
subsequent warrant certificates issued upon division, combination or transfer of, or in substitution for, this Warrant Certificate. 

Warrant Register has the meaning set forth in Section 6. 

Warrant Shares means the shares of Common Stock purchasable upon exercise of this Warrant Certificate in accordance
with the terms of this Warrant Certificate and any Equity Interests into which such Common Stock shall have been (or may be) converted, exchanged or reclassified following the Issue Date. 

Warrant Shares Deemed Outstanding means, at any given time, the sum of (i) the number of Warrant Shares
actually outstanding at such time, plus (ii) the number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of Options actually outstanding at such time, plus (iii) the number of Warrant Shares issuable upon conversion or exchange of Convertible
Securities actually outstanding at such time (treating as actually outstanding any Convertible Securities issuable upon exercise of Options actually outstanding at such time), in each case, regardless of whether the Options or Convertible Securities
are actually exercisable at such time; provided that Warrant Shares Deemed Outstanding at any given time shall not include shares owned or held by or for the account of the Company or any or its wholly-owned Subsidiaries. 

Section 2.Term of Warrant Certificate. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, from time to time during the Exercise
Period, the Holder of this Warrant Certificate may exercise this Warrant Certificate for all or any part of the Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder (subject to adjustment as provided herein). 

Section 3.Exercise of Warrant Certificate. 

(a) Exercise Procedure. This Warrant Certificate may be exercised from time to time on any Business Day during the Exercise Period, for
all or any portion of the unexercised Warrant Shares, upon: 

(i) delivery to the Company of a duly completed and executed Exercise
Certificate in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (each, an Exercise Certificate), which certificate will specify the number of Warrant Shares to be purchased and the Aggregate
Exercise Price; and 

(ii) substantially contemporaneously with the delivery of the Exercise Certificate, payment to the Company of the
Aggregate Exercise Price in accordance with Section 3(b); provided that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in no event shall the Exercise Price be lower than the par value of a Warrant Share. 

5 

(b) Payment of the Aggregate Exercise Price. Payment of the Aggregate Exercise Price
shall be made, at the option of the Holder as expressed in the Exercise Certificate, by any of the following methods: 

(i) by wire
transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated in writing by the Company, in the amount of such Aggregate Exercise Price; 

(ii) by instructing the Company to withhold a number of Warrant Shares then issuable upon exercise of this Warrant Certificate with an
aggregate Fair Market Value as of the Exercise Date equal to such Aggregate Exercise Price; or 

(iii) any combination of the foregoing.

In the event of any withholding of Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 3(b)(ii) or (iii) (solely to the extent of such
withholding, a Cashless Exercise) where the number of such Warrant Shares whose aggregate value is not a whole number, the number of such shares withheld by the Company shall be rounded up to the nearest whole share and the
Company shall make a cash payment to the Holder (by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated by the Holder) in an amount calculated as provided pursuant to Section 3(e) below. 

For purposes of Rule 144, it is acknowledged and agreed that (i) the Warrant Shares issuable upon any exercise of this Warrant Certificate in any
Cashless Exercise transaction shall be deemed to have been acquired on the Issue Date, and (ii) the holding period for any Warrant Shares issuable upon the exercise of this Warrant Certificate in any Cashless Exercise transaction shall be
deemed to have commenced on the Issue Date; provided that the Company makes no representation or warranty regarding the commencement of the holding period of any Warrant Share. 

(c) Automatic Cashless Exercise. To the extent this Warrant Certificate has not been exercised in full by the Holder prior to the date
of any of the following events or circumstances, any portion of this Warrant Certificate that remains unexercised on such date shall be deemed to have been exercised automatically pursuant to a Cashless Exercise, in whole (and not in part), on the
Business Day immediately preceding the earlier of (i) the occurrence of the Expiration Date; provided that, in the event that as of the Business Day immediately preceding the Expiration Date the Fair Market Value of a Warrant Share is
less than the Exercise Price then in effect, then such automatic Cashless Exercise shall not occur and (ii) the consummation of a Sale of the Company; provided that (x) as a result of such Sale of the Company, the consideration to
be received by the Company or its shareholders upon consummation thereof consists solely of cash, Marketable Securities or a combination thereof and (y) in the event that as of the Business Day immediately preceding the consummation of such
Sale of the Company the Fair Market Value of a Warrant Share is less than the Exercise Price then in effect, then such automatic Cashless Exercise shall not occur. 

(d) Delivery of Stock Certificates. With respect to any exercise of this Warrant Certificate by the Holder, upon receipt by the Company
of an Exercise Certificate and delivery of the Aggregate Exercise Price, the Company shall within three (3) Business Days deliver in accordance with the terms hereof to or upon the order of the Holder that number of Warrant Shares for the
portion of this Warrant Certificate so exercised on such date, together with cash in lieu of any fraction of a share, as provided in Section 3(e) below. If such Warrant Shares are issued in certificated form, the Company
shall deliver a certificate or certificates representing the number of Warrant Shares as the Holder shall request in the Exercise Certificate. If such 

6 

Warrant Shares are issued in uncertificated form, the Company shall deliver upon request a confirmation evidencing the issuance and registration of such shares. Except as otherwise provided
herein, upon any exercise hereof this Warrant Certificate shall be deemed to have been exercised and such certificate or certificates of Warrant Shares shall be deemed to have been issued, and the Holder shall be deemed to have become a holder of
record of such Warrant Shares for all purposes, as of the Exercise Date. 

(e) Fractional Shares. The Company shall not be required
to issue a fractional Warrant Share upon exercise of any Warrant Certificate. As to any fraction of a Warrant Share that the Holder would otherwise be entitled upon such exercise, the Company shall pay to such Holder an amount in cash (by wire
transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated by the Holder) equal to the product of (i) such fraction multiplied by (ii) the Fair Market Value of one Warrant Share on the Exercise Date. 

(f) Surrender of this Warrant Certificate; Delivery of New Warrant Certificate. 

(i) The Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant Certificate to the Company until this Warrant Certificate has been
exercised in full, in which event, the Holder shall, at the written request of the Company, surrender this Warrant Certificate to the Company for cancellation within five (5) Business Days after the date the final Exercise Certificate is
delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant Certificate resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares issuable
hereunder by an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares that have been issued hereunder as a result of previous exercises and withheld in connection with Cashless Exercises, in each case subject to adjustment as provided herein. The
Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares issued and purchased, the date of such issuances and purchases and the number of Warrant Shares withheld in connection with Cashless Exercises. The Holder and any
assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant Certificate, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this Section 3(f), following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant
Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be fewer than the amount stated on the face hereof. 

(ii) To the extent that
there are unexpired and unexercised Warrant Shares remaining under the Warrant Certificate, the Holder may request from time to time that the Company (and the Company shall), upon surrender of this Warrant Certificate, deliver to the Holder one or
more new Warrant Certificates evidencing the rights of the Holder to subscribe for the unexpired, unexercised and not withheld (in connection with Cashless Exercises) Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant Certificate. Unless otherwise
agreed upon by the Holder in its sole discretion, any such new Warrant Certificate shall in all other respects be identical to this Warrant Certificate. 

7 

(g) Certain Covenants With Respect to the Issuance of Warrant Certificate and Warrant
Shares. With respect to the exercise of this Warrant Certificate and the issuance of Warrant Shares hereunder, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that it will: 

(i) cause any Warrant Certificate issued in substitution for or replacement of this Warrant Certificate to be, upon issuance, duly authorized;

(ii) cause all Warrant Shares issuable upon the exercise of this Warrant Certificate (or any substitute or replacement Warrant
Certificate) to be, upon issuance, and the Company shall take all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate in order that such Warrant Shares are, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, issued
without violation of any pre-emptive or similar rights of any shareholder of the Company and free and clear of all Liens and similar encumbrances; 

(iii) take all such actions as may be necessary to (x) comply with Section 3(i) below and (y) ensure that
all Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise hereof are issued without violation by the Company of any applicable Law or any requirements of any U.S. or non-U.S. securities exchanges upon which the Warrant Shares
may be listed at the time of such exercise; and 

(iv) pay all expenses in connection with, and all governmental charges that may be
imposed with respect to, the issuance or delivery of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of their Warrant Certificate. 

(h)
Conditional Exercise. Notwithstanding any other term or provision hereof, if an exercise of all or any portion of this Warrant Certificate is to be made in connection with a Public Offering, a Sale of the Company or other possible liquidity
transaction or event, such exercise may, at the election of the Holder, be conditioned upon the consummation of such transaction, in which case such exercise shall not be deemed to be effective until immediately prior to the actual consummation of
such transaction or event. 

(i) Reservation of Shares. The Company shall at all times during the Exercise Period reserve and keep
available out of its authorized but unissued Common Stock or (if applicable) other Equity Interests constituting Warrant Shares, solely for the purpose of issuance upon the exercise of this Warrant Certificate, the maximum number of Warrant Shares
or other Equity Interests issuable upon the exercise of this Warrant Certificate or the conversion or exchange of Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise. The Company shall not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares receivable upon the
exercise of this Warrant Certificate above the Exercise Price then in effect as of the date hereof, and shall take all such actions within its power as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully
paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant Certificate. 

(j) Rule 144 Compliance. With a view to
making available to the Holder the benefits of Rule 144 and any other rule or regulation of the SEC that may at any time permit a holder to sell securities of the Company to the public without registration or pursuant to a Registration Statement,
the Company shall: 

(i) use reasonable commercial efforts to make and keep adequate public information available, as required by clause
(c) of Rule 144; 

8 

(ii) use reasonable commercial efforts to file with the SEC in a timely manner all reports
and other documents required of the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act; and 

(iii) furnish, or otherwise make available
to the Holder so long as the Holder owns Warrant Shares, promptly upon request, a written statement by the Company as to its compliance with the reporting requirements of Rule 144 and the Exchange Act, a copy of the most recent annual or quarterly
report of the Company, and such other reports and documents so filed or furnished by the Company as such Holder may reasonably request in connection with the sale of Common Stock without registration. 

(k) Ownership Cap. To the extent that the Initial Holders (or one or more of its controlled Affiliates) is a Holder hereof, the Company
shall not knowingly effect the exercise of this Warrant Certificate, and the Initial Holder shall not have the right to exercise this Warrant Certificate to the extent that, after giving effect to such exercise, the Initial Holder (together with its
Affiliates) would beneficially own in excess of 9.99% of the Equity Interests of the Company having ordinary voting rights outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the aggregate number of
such voting Equity Interests beneficially owned by the Initial Holder and its Affiliates shall include the number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant Certificate with respect to which the determination of such aggregate number
is being made, but shall exclude Warrant Shares that do not have ordinary voting rights or that would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, unexercised portion of this Warrant Certificate beneficially owned by the Initial Holder and
its Affiliates or (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other Equity Interests of the Company beneficially owned by the Initial Holder and its Affiliates (including, without limitation, any Convertible
Securities) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitations contained in this Section 3(k). Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this
Section 3(k),beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act. For purposes of this Warrant Certificate, in determining the number of outstanding Equity Interests of
the Company having ordinary voting rights the Initial Holder of this Warrant Certificate may rely on the number of such outstanding Equity Interests as reflected in the most recent of (i) if available, the Companys Form 10-K, Form 10-Q or other public filing with the SEC, as the case may be, (ii) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (iii) any other notice by the
Company or its transfer agent setting forth the number of such Equity Interests outstanding. In addition, upon the written request of the Initial Holder, the Company shall, within three (3) Business Days, confirm to the Initial Holder the
number of its shares of Equity Interests having ordinary voting rights then outstanding. 

Section 4.Put Right. By
written notice to the Company (a Put Notice), the Holder shall have the right (the Put Right), exercisable at any time and in its sole discretion, to require the Company to purchase from the Holder all (but
not less than all) of the Holders then remaining rights, title and interests under and pursuant to this Warrant Certificate for a total purchase price of one dollar ($1.00) (the Put Consideration). The transfer of this
Warrant Certificate and all related rights, title and interest by the Holder to the Company, and the payment of the Put Consideration by the Company to the Holder, shall take place on or within the fifth (5th) Business Day after receipt by the Company of the Put Notice. Each of the Holder and the Company agrees to take such additional reasonable actions as may be necessary to consummate the
transaction contemplated pursuant to this Section 4, each at its own cost and expense. 

9 

Section 5.Adjustment to Number of Warrant Shares, Exercise Price, etc. The
number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant Certificate shall be subject to adjustment from time to time as provided in this Section 5. 

(a) Adjustment to Number of Warrant Shares Upon Reorganizations, Reclassifications, etc. In the event of any changes in the number of
Warrant Shares Deemed Outstanding (or the number of outstanding Equity Interests into which Warrant Shares may be exercisable or convertible into) by reason of redemptions, recapitalizations, reclassifications, combinations or exchanges of shares,
splits or reverse splits, separations, reorganizations, liquidations, substitutions, replacements or the like, the number and class of Warrant Shares available upon exercise of this Warrant Certificate in the aggregate and the Exercise Price per
share shall be correspondingly adjusted as may be necessary (but only to the extent necessary) in order to give the Holder of this Warrant Certificate, upon exercise hereof, the total number, class, and kind of shares as the Holder would have owned
(or would have had the right to own upon exercise hereof) had this Warrant Certificate been exercised immediately prior to any such event and had the Holder continued to hold such Warrant Shares until after the event requiring adjustment. The form
of this Warrant Certificate need not be changed because of any adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares subject to this Warrant Certificate. 

(b) Adjustment to Number of Warrant Shares Upon Certain Dividends, etc. If the Company declares or pays a dividend or distribution on
the outstanding shares of its Common Stock payable in cash, Equity Interests or other property (or prior to the exercise of this Warrant Certificate in full the holders of Common Stock become entitled to receive any such dividend or distribution),
then upon exercise of this Warrant Certificate, for each Warrant Share acquired as a result of such exercise, the Holder shall receive, without additional cost to the Holder, the total amount, number and kind of cash, Equity Interests or other
property which the Holder would have received had the Holder owned the Warrant Shares of record as of the date such dividend or distribution occurred. 

(c) Certificate as to Adjustment. 

(i) As promptly as reasonably practicable following any change or adjustment of the type described above in this
Section 5 (but in any event not later than three (3) Business Days thereafter), the Company shall furnish to the Holder a certificate of a Responsible Officer setting forth in reasonable detail such change or
adjustment and the facts upon which it is based and certifying the calculation thereof. 

(ii) As promptly as reasonably practicable
following the receipt by the Company of a written request by the Holder, but in any event not later than three (3) Business Days thereafter, the Company shall furnish to the Holder a certificate of a Responsible Officer certifying the number of
Warrant Shares or the amount, if any, of other Equity Interests, securities or assets then issuable upon exercise of this Warrant Certificate. 

10 

(d) Notices. In the event that, at any time during the Exercise Period, the Company
shall take a record of the holders of its outstanding capital stock (or other Equity Interests at the time issuable upon exercise of this Warrant Certificate) for the purpose of: 

(i) entitling or enabling such holders to receive any dividend or other distribution, to receive any right to subscribe for or purchase any
shares of capital stock of any class or any other securities, or to receive any other securities; 

(ii) (x) any capital reorganization of
the Company, any reclassification of any outstanding securities, any consolidation or merger of the Company with or into another Person, any Public Offering of the Companys Equity Interests or (y) a Sale of the Company; or 

(iii) the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation, winding-up or similar event of the
Company (including by way of a bankruptcy or equivalent insolvency proceeding); 

then, and in each such case, the Company shall send or cause to be sent
to the Holder at least five (5) Business Days prior to the applicable record date or the applicable expected effective date, as the case may be, for the event, a written notice specifying in reasonable detail, as the case may be, (A) the
record date for such dividend, distribution or other right, action or event, and a description of such dividend, distribution or other right, action or event, or (B) the effective date on which such reorganization, reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, dissolution, liquidation, or winding-up or other right, action or event is proposed to take place, and the date, if any is to be fixed, as of which the books of the Company shall
close or a record shall be taken with respect to which the holders of record of its capital stock (or such other Equity Interests at the time issuable upon exercise of the Warrant Certificate) shall be entitled to exchange their shares of capital
stock (or such other Equity Interests), for securities or other property deliverable upon such reorganization, reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, dissolution, liquidation, winding-up or other
right, action or event and the amount per share and character of such exchange applicable to the Warrant Certificate and the Warrant Shares. 

Section 6.Warrant Register. The Company shall keep and properly maintain at its principal executive offices a register (the
Warrant Register) for the registration of this Warrant Certificate and any transfers thereof. The Company may deem and treat the Person in whose name this Warrant Certificate is registered on such register as the Holder
thereof for all purposes, and the Company shall not be affected by any notice to the contrary, except any assignment, division, combination or other transfer of this Warrant Certificate effected in accordance with the provisions of this Warrant
Certificate. 

Section 7.Transfer of Warrant Certificate. Subject to Section 11, this Warrant
Certificate and all rights hereunder are transferable, in whole or in part, by the Holder without charge to the Holder, upon surrender of this Warrant Certificate to the Company at its then principal executive offices with a properly completed and
duly executed instrument of assignment in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit B (an Assignment). Upon such compliance, surrender and delivery, the Company shall execute and deliver a
new Warrant Certificate or Warrant Certificates in the name of the assignee or assignees and in the denominations specified in such Assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant Certificate evidencing the portion of this Warrant
Certificate, if any, not so assigned, and this Warrant Certificate shall promptly be cancelled. 

11 

Section 8.The Holder Not Deemed a Shareholder; Limitations on Liability.
Except as otherwise specifically provided herein (including in Section 5 above), (i) prior to the Exercise Date, the Holder shall not be entitled to receive dividends, nor shall anything contained in this Warrant
Certificate be construed to confer upon the Holder, as such, any of the rights of a shareholder of the Company or any right to receive dividends or subscription rights, and (ii) prior to the registration of the Holder in the share register of
the Company with respect to the Warrant Shares to which the Holder is then entitled to receive upon the due exercise of this Warrant Certificate, the Holder shall not be entitled to vote, nor shall anything contained in this Warrant Certificate be
construed to confer upon the Holder, as such, any right to vote, give or withhold consent to any corporate action (whether any reorganization, issue of stock, reclassification of stock, consolidation, merger, conveyance or otherwise) or receive
notice of meetings. In addition, nothing contained in this Warrant Certificate shall be construed as imposing any liabilities on the Holder to purchase any securities (upon exercise of this Warrant Certificate or otherwise) or as a shareholder of
the Company, whether such liabilities are asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company. Notwithstanding this Section 8, the Company shall provide the Holder with copies of the same notices and other information
given to all holders of Common Stock, contemporaneously with the giving thereof to such holders. 

Section 9.Replacement on
Loss; Division and Combination. 

(a) Replacement of Warrant Certificateon Loss. Upon receipt of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant Certificate and upon delivery of a customary indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it (it being understood that a written indemnification agreement or affidavit
of loss of the Holder shall be a sufficient indemnity) and, in case of mutilation, upon surrender of such Warrant Certificate for cancellation to the Company, the Company at its own expense shall execute and deliver to the Holder, in lieu hereof, a
new Warrant Certificate of like tenor and exercisable for an equivalent number of Warrant Shares as this Warrant Certificate so lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed; provided that, in the case of mutilation, no indemnity shall be required if
this Warrant Certificate in identifiable form is surrendered to the Company for cancellation. 

(b) Division and Combination of Warrant
Certificate. Subject to compliance with the applicable provisions of this Warrant Certificate as to any transfer or other assignment which may be involved in such division or combination, this Warrant Certificate may be divided or, following any
such division of this Warrant Certificate, subsequently combined with other Warrant Certificates, upon the surrender of this Warrant Certificate or Warrant Certificates to the Company at its then principal executive offices, together with a written
notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrant Certificates are to be issued, signed by each applicable Holder or its agents or attorneys. Subject to compliance with the applicable provisions of this Warrant Certificate as to any
transfer or assignment which may be involved in such division or combination, the Company shall at its own expense execute and deliver a new Warrant Certificate or Warrant Certificates in exchange for this Warrant Certificate or Warrant Certificates
so surrendered in accordance with such notice. Such new Warrant Certificate or Warrant Certificates shall be of like tenor to the surrendered Warrant Certificate or Warrant Certificates and shall be exercisable in the aggregate for an equivalent
number of Warrant Shares as this Warrant Certificate or Warrant Certificates so surrendered in accordance with such notice. 

12 

Section 10.Disputes; No Impairment, etc. The parties hereto agree as
follows: 

(a) Disputes. In the event of any dispute which arises between the Holder and the Company (including the Board of the
Company) with respect to any calculation or determination of the adjusted Exercise Price, the number of Warrant Shares, other Equity Interests, Fair Market Value, cash or other property issuable upon exercise of this Warrant Certificate, the amount
or type of consideration due to the Holder in connection with any event, transaction or other matter described in Section 5 above or any other matter involving this Warrant Certificate or the Warrant Shares that is not
resolved by the parties after good faith discussions and efforts to reach resolution, upon the request of the Holder the disputed issue(s) shall be submitted to a firm of independent investment bankers or public accountants of recognized national
standing, which (i) shall be chosen by the Company and be reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and (ii) shall be independent of the Company (an Independent Advisor), for determination, and such determination by
the Independent Advisor shall be binding upon the Company and the Holder with respect to this Warrant Certificate, any Warrant Shares issued or issuable in connection herewith, the Exercise Price therefor, or any other matter in dispute, as the case
may be, absent manifest error. Costs and expenses of the Independent Advisor shall be shared 50/50 by the Company and the Holder. 

(b)
Equitable Equivalent. In case any event shall occur as to which the provisions of Section 10(a) above are not strictly applicable but the failure to make any adjustment would not, in the reasonable, good faith
opinion of the Holder, fairly protect the rights and benefits of the Holder represented by this Warrant Certificate in accordance with the essential intent and principles of Sections 5 and 10(a), then, in any such
case, at the request of the Holder, the Company shall submit the matter and issues raised by the Holder to an Independent Advisor, which shall make a written determination, on a basis consistent with the essential intent and principles established
in Sections 5 and 10(a), as to whether and to what extent an adjustment, if any, is necessary to preserve, without dilution or other material modification, the rights and benefits represented by this Warrant
Certificate. Upon receipt of such written determination, which shall be binding on the parties hereto, the Company will promptly mail a copy thereof to the Holder and shall make the adjustments described therein, if any. Costs and expenses of the
Independent Advisor shall be shared 50/50 by the Company and the Holder. 

(c) No Avoidance. The Company shall not, by way of
amendment of any of its Organic Documents or through any consolidation, merger, reorganization, transfer of assets, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any
of the terms or provisions to be observed or performed by it hereunder, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms or provisions and in the taking of all such action as may be reasonably requested by the Holder
in order to protect the rights of the Holder against dilution or other material modification or other impairment. 

13 

Section 11.Compliance with the Securities Act; Representations and
Warranties. 

(a) Agreement to Comply with the Securities Act, etc.

(i) Legend. The Holder, by acceptance of this Warrant Certificate, agrees to comply in all respects with the provisions of this
Section 11 and the restrictive legend requirements set forth on the face of this Warrant Certificate and further agrees that it shall not offer, sell or otherwise dispose of this Warrant Certificate or any Warrant Shares to
be issued upon exercise hereof except under circumstances that will not result in a violation of the Securities Act. Subject to clause (ii) below, this Warrant Certificate and all Warrant Shares issued upon exercise of this
Warrant Certificate (unless registered under the Securities Act) shall be stamped or imprinted with a legend in substantially the form as set forth on the face hereof. 

(ii) Removal of Restrictive Legends. Neither this Warrant Certificate nor any certificates evidencing Warrant Shares issuable or
deliverable under or in connection with this Warrant Certificate shall contain any legend restricting the transfer thereof (including the legend required above in Section 11(a)(i) above) in any of the following
circumstances: (A) following any sale of this Warrant Certificate or any Warrant Shares issued or delivered to the Holder in compliance with Rule 144, (B) if this Warrant Certificate or Warrant Shares are eligible for sale under clause
(b)(1) of Rule 144, or (C) if such legend is not required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the SEC) (collectively, the Unrestricted
Conditions). This Warrant Certificate or Warrant Shares, as the case may be, shall be issued free of all legends if the Unrestricted Conditions are met at the time of issuance. 

(iii) Replacement Warrant Certificate. The Company agrees that at such time as the Unrestricted Conditions have been satisfied it shall
promptly (but in any event within five (5) Business Days) following written request from the Holder issue a replacement Warrant Certificate or replacement Warrant Shares, as the case may be, free of all restrictive legends. 

(iv) Sale of Unlegended Shares. The Holder agrees that the removal of the restrictive legend from this Warrant Certificate and any
certificates representing securities as set forth in Section 11(a)(ii) above is predicated upon the Companys reliance that the Holder will sell this Warrant Certificate or any such securities pursuant to either an
effective Registration Statement or otherwise pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act, including any applicable prospectus delivery requirements, or an exemption therefrom, and that if such securities are sold pursuant to a Registration
Statement, they will be sold in compliance with the plan of distribution set forth therein. 

(b) Representations and Warranties of the
Holder. In connection with the issuance of this Warrant Certificate, the Holder hereby represents and warrants to the Company, as of the Issue Date, as follows: 

(i) The Holder is an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. The Holder
is acquiring this Warrant Certificate and the Warrant Shares to be issued upon exercise hereof for investment for its own account and not with a current view towards, or for resale in connection with, the public sale or distribution of this Warrant
Certificate or the Warrant Shares, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act. 

14 

(ii) The Holder understands and acknowledges that this Warrant Certificate and the Warrant
Shares to be issued upon exercise hereof are restricted securities under the Securities Act inasmuch as they are being acquired from the Company in a transaction not involving a public offering and that, under such Laws and applicable
regulations, such securities may be resold without registration under the Securities Act only in certain limited circumstances. In addition, the Holder represents that it is familiar with Rule 144, as presently in effect, and understands the resale
limitations imposed thereby and by the Securities Act. 

(iii) The Holder acknowledges that it can bear the economic and financial risk of
its investment for an indefinite period and has such knowledge and experience in financial or business matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the investment in this Warrant Certificate and the Warrant Shares. The Holder has
had an opportunity to ask questions and receive answers from the Company regarding the terms and conditions of the offering of this Warrant Certificate and the business, properties, prospects and financial condition of the Company. 

(c) Representations and Warranties of the Company. In connection with the issuance of this Warrant Certificate, the Company hereby
represents and warrants to the Holder, as of the Issue Date, as follows: 

(i) All Warrant Shares issuable upon the exercise of this
Warrant Certificate (or any substitute or replacement Warrant Certificate) shall be, upon issuance in accordance with the terms thereof, (x) validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, (y) issued
without violation of any pre-emptive or similar rights of any shareholder of the Company and (z) free and clear of all Liens and similar encumbrances. 

(ii) The Company has taken all actions necessary to ensure that all Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise hereof will be issued without
violation by the Company of (x) any applicable Law or any requirements of any U.S. or non-U.S. securities exchange or (y) any Organic Document of or applicable to the Company. 

(iii) The Company is a corporation duly organized and validly existing under the Laws of the State of Delaware and has the capacity and
corporate power and authority to enter into and perform this Warrant Certificate. 

(iv) The Company has taken or caused to be taken all
action required to be taken by it, its Board, any of its shareholders or any other Person to authorize the execution, delivery, issuance and performance of this Warrant Certificate and the issuance of the Warrant Shares. 

(v) This Warrant Certificate has been duly executed and delivered by the Company. 

15 

(vi) The obligations of the Company under this Warrant Certificate are legal, valid and
binding obligations, enforceable against the Company in accordance with the terms hereof. 

(vii) The Company has complied with all
obligations set forth in Section 3(i), above. 

Section 12.Notices. All notices, requests,
consents, claims, demands, waivers and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given: (i) when delivered by hand (with written confirmation of receipt); (ii) when received by the addressee if sent by
a nationally recognized overnight courier (receipt requested); (iii) on the date sent by e-mail of a PDF document (with confirmation of transmission) if sent during normal business hours of the recipient, and
on the next Business Day if sent after normal business hours of the recipient; or (iv) on the third day after the date mailed, by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid. Such communications must be sent to the
respective parties at the addresses indicated below (or at such other address for a party as shall be specified in a notice given in accordance with this Section 12). 

If to the Company: Outset Medical, Inc. 

3052 Orchard Drive 

San Jose, California 95134 

Attention: Leslie Trigg 

E-mail:

with a copy to: Sidley Austin LLP 

555 California Street, Suite 2000 

San Francisco, CA 94104 

Attention: Frank Rahmani/Robert Ryan 

Email: frahmani@sidley.com/rryan@sidley.com 

If
to the Holder: Perceptive Credit Holdings IV, LP 

c/o Perceptive Advisors LLC 

51 Astor Place, 10th Floor 

New
York, NY 10003 

Attention: Sandeep Dixit 

E-mail: Sandeep@perceptivelife.com 

with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): 

Morrison & Foerster LLP 

250 West 55th Street 

New York,
NY 10019 

Attention: Mark Wojciechowski, Esq. 

E-mail: mwojciechowski@mofo.com 

16 

Section 13.Cumulative Remedies. The rights and remedies provided in this
Warrant Certificate are cumulative and are not exclusive of, and are in addition to and not in substitution for, any other rights or remedies available at Law, in equity or otherwise. 

Section 14.Entire Agreement. This Warrant Certificate constitutes the sole and entire agreement of the parties to this
Warrant Certificate with respect to the subject matter contained herein and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings and agreements, both written and oral, with respect to such subject matter. 

Section 15.Successor and Assigns. This Warrant Certificate and the rights evidenced hereby shall be binding upon and shall
inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and the successors of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of the Holder. Such successor or permitted assign of the Holder shall be deemed to be the Holder for all purposes
hereunder. 

Section 16.No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Warrant Certificate is for the sole benefit of the Company and
the Holder and their respective successors and, in the case of the Holder, permitted assigns, and nothing herein, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any other Person any legal or equitable right, benefit or remedy of any nature
whatsoever, under or by reason of this Warrant Certificate. 

Section 17.Headings. The headings in this Warrant
Certificate are for reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Warrant Certificate. 

Section 18.Amendment and Modification; Waiver. Except as otherwise provided herein, this Warrant Certificate may only be amended, modified or supplemented by an agreement in writing signed by each party hereto. No waiver by the Company or the Holder of
any of the provisions hereof shall be effective unless explicitly set forth in writing and signed by the party so waiving. No waiver by any party shall operate or be construed as a waiver in respect of any failure, breach or default not expressly
identified by such written waiver, whether of a similar or different character, and whether occurring before or after that waiver. No failure to exercise, or delay in exercising, any rights, remedy, power or privilege arising from this Warrant
Certificate shall operate or be construed as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy,
power or privilege. 

Section 19.Severability. If any term or provision of this Warrant Certificate is invalid, illegal
or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other term or provision of this Warrant Certificate or invalidate or render unenforceable such term or provision in any other jurisdiction.

Section 20.Governing Law. This Warrant Certificate shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal
Laws of the State of New York without effect to any choice or conflict of Law provision or rule (whether of the State of New York or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of Laws of any jurisdiction other than those of the State
of New York. 

17 

Section 21.Submission to Jurisdiction. Any legal suit, action or
proceeding arising out of or based on this Warrant Certificate or the transactions contemplated hereby may be instituted in the federal courts of the United States or the courts of the State of New York, in each case located in the city and county
of New York. Each party irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts in any such suit, action or proceeding. Service of process, summons, notice or other document by certified or registered mail to such partys address set
forth in Section 12 shall be effective service of process for any suit, action or other proceeding, and the parties irrevocably and unconditionally waive any objection to the laying of venue of any suit, action or other
proceeding in such courts and irrevocably waive and agree not to plead or claim in any such court that any such suit, action or proceeding has been brought in an inconvenient forum. 

Section 22.Counterparts. This Warrant Certificate may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an
original, but all of which together shall be deemed to be one and the same agreement. A signed copy of this Warrant Certificate delivered by e-mail or other means of electronic transmission shall be deemed to
have the same legal effect as delivery of an original signed copy of this Warrant Certificate. 

Section 23.No Strict
Construction. This Warrant Certificate shall be construed without regard to any presumption or rule requiring construction or interpretation against the party drafting an instrument or causing any instrument to be drafted. 

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] 

18 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has duly executed this Warrant Certificate on the Issue
Date. 

OUTSET MEDICAL, INC.

By 

/s/ Nabeel Ahmed

Name: Nabeel Ahmed

Title: Chief Financial Officer

Accepted and agreed,

PERCEPTIVE CREDIT HOLDINGS IV, LP

By: PERCEPTIVE CREDIT OPPORTUNITIES GP, LLC, its general partner

By 

/s/ Sandeep Dixit

Name: Sandeep Dixit

Title: Chief Credit Officer

By 

/s/ Sam Chawla

Name: Sam Chawla

Title: Portfolio Manager

Exhibit A 

to Warrant Certificate 

FORM OF EXERCISE CERTIFICATE 

[DATE OF EXERCISE] 

To: 

Outset Medical, Inc. 

3052 Orchard Drive 

San Jose,
California 95134 

Attention: Leslie Trigg 

Reference is made to that certain Warrant Certificate, having an issue date of January 8, 2025 and bearing Warrant Certificate No. 2025-A
(the Warrant Certificate), issued by Outset Medical, Inc. (the Company) to [Name of Holder] (the Holder), a true and correct copy of which is attached hereto.
Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms used herein have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Warrant Certificate. 

The
undersigned, as holder of a right to purchase Warrant Shares (as defined in the Warrant Certificate) of the Company pursuant to the terms of the Warrant Certificate hereby irrevocably elects to exercise the purchase right represented by such Warrant
Certificate for, and to purchase thereunder, [________ (_____)] Warrant Shares of the Company and herewith makes payment with respect to this Exercise Certificate of [___________ Dollars ($________)] therefor by the following method. 

(Check all that apply): 

The undersigned hereby elects to make payment of the Aggregate Exercise Price of
[Dollars ($)] for [()] shares of
Common Stock using the method described in Section 3(b)(i). 

The undersigned hereby elects to make
payment of the Aggregate Exercise Price of [Dollars ($)] for
[()] shares of Common Stock using the method described in Section 3(b)(ii). 

The undersigned hereby elects to make payment of the Aggregate Exercise Price of
[Dollars ($)] for [()] shares of
Common Stock using the method described in Section 3(b)(iii). 

DATED: ______________ 

[NAME OF HOLDER]

By 

Name:

Title:

Exhibit A-1 

Exhibit B 

to Warrant Certificate 

FORM OF ASSIGNMENT 

[DATE
OF ASSIGNMENT] 

Reference is made to that certain Warrant Certificate, having an issue date of January 8, 2025 and bearing Warrant
Certificate No. 2025-A (the Warrant Certificate), issued by Outset Medical, Inc. (the Company) to the undersigned (the Holder), a true and correct copy of which
is attached hereto. Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms used herein have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Warrant Certificate. 

THE UNDERSIGNED, [NAME OF HOLDER], is the holder of the Warrant Certificate and is entitled to purchase up to [___] Warrant Shares pursuant to
the terms thereof. 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the Holder hereby sells, assigns and transfers to [NAME OF ASSIGNEE] (the
Assignee) the right to acquire [all Warrant Shares entitled to be purchased upon exercise of the Warrant Certificate] [______ of the Warrant Shares entitled to be purchased upon exercise of the Warrant Certificate]. In
furtherance of the foregoing assignment, the Holder hereby covenants and agrees that it will instruct the Company to (i) memorialize such assignment in the Warrant Register as required pursuant to Section 6 of the
Warrant Certificate, and (ii) pursuant to Section 7 of the Warrant Certificate, execute and deliver to the Assignee [and the Holder][a new Warrant Certificate][new Warrant Certificates] reflecting the foregoing
assignment ([each] a Substitute Warrant Certificate). 

The Assignee acknowledges and agrees that its Substitute
Warrant Certificate and the Warrant Shares to be issued upon exercise thereof are being acquired for investment and that the Assignee will not offer, sell or otherwise dispose of its Substitute Warrant Certificate or any Warrant Shares to be issued
upon exercise or conversion thereof except under circumstances which will not result in a violation of the terms of the Substitute Warrant Certificate, the Securities Act or any applicable state securities Laws. The Assignee represents and warrants
for the benefit of the Company that the Assignee is an accredited investor within the meaning of Rule 501 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. 

To the extent required pursuant to Section 11(a) of the Warrant Certificate, the Assignee acknowledges and agrees
that a restrictive legend may be applied to the Assignees Substitute Warrant and the Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of such certificate substantially consistent with the legend required pursuant to
Section 11(a) of the Warrant Certificate. 

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] 

Exhibit B-1 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto agree as set forth above as of the date first written
above. 

[NAME OF HOLDER]

By 

Name:

Title:

Accepted and agreed,

[NAME OF ASSIGNEE]

By 

Name:

Title:

Exhibit B-2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>om-20250107.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>om-20250107_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 
Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>om-20250107_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Document and Entity Information

Jan. 07, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001484612

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Jan. 07, 2025

Entity Registrant Name Outset Medical, Inc.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-39513

Entity Tax Identification Number 20-0514392

Entity Address, Address Line One 3052 Orchard Dr.

Entity Address, City or Town San Jose

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 95134

City Area Code (669)

Local Phone Number 231-8200

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, par value of $0.001 per share

Trading Symbol OM

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.outsetmedical.com//20250107/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d859629d8k.htm 
om-20250107.xsd 
om-20250107_lab.xml 
om-20250107_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-003545-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>d859629d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001484612 

2025-01-07 
2025-01-07 

false 
0001484612 
--12-31 
8-K 
2025-01-07 
Outset Medical, Inc. 
DE 
001-39513 
20-0514392 
3052 Orchard Dr. 
San Jose 
CA 
95134 
(669) 
231-8200 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value of $0.001 per share 
OM 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>