<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001814287-25-000004.txt : 20250324
<SEC-HEADER>0001814287-25-000004.hdr.sgml : 20250324
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250324172333
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001814287-25-000004
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250318
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250324
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250324

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Abacus Global Management, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001814287
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INVESTMENT ADVICE [6282]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		EIN:				851210472
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39403
		FILM NUMBER:		25765149

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2101 PARK CENTER DRIVE, SUITE 200
		CITY:			ORLANDO
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32835
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(800) 561-4148

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2101 PARK CENTER DRIVE, SUITE 200
		CITY:			ORLANDO
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32835

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Abacus Life, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20230705

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	East Resources Acquisition Co
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200605
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>abl-20250318.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?abl-20250318

false000181428712-3100018142872025-03-182025-03-180001814287us-gaap:CommonStockMember2025-03-182025-03-180001814287us-gaap:WarrantMember2025-03-182025-03-180001814287abl:FixedUnsecuredNotesMember2025-03-182025-03-18

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

__________________

FORM 8-K

__________________

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 18, 2025

__________________

Abacus Global Management, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation

or organization) 

001-39403

(Commission 

File Number) 

85-1210472

(I.R.S. Employer 

Identification Number)

2101 Park Center Drive, Suite 200

Orlando, Florida32835

(800) 561-4148

(Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrants principal executive offices)

__________________

Abacus Life, Inc.

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

__________________

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation to the registrant under any of the following provisions:

o 

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

o 

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

o 

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

o 

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbols Name of each exchange on which registered

Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share ABL 

The NASDAQ Capital Market LLC

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share ABLLW 

The NASDAQ Capital Market LLC

9.875% Fixed Rate Senior Notes due 2028 ABLLL 

The NASDAQ Capital Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

Emerging growth company x

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. x

Item 3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities

On March 18, 2025, Abacus Global Management, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), entered into an agreement with Dynasty Financial Holdings LLC (Dynasty), pursuant to which the Company issued to Dynasty an aggregate of 5,000 shares of a newly created series of the Companys preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share, designated as the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, in exchange for 400,000 Class A Interests of Dynasty, subject to customary terms and conditions.

The Company issued the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock in reliance upon the exemption from registration requirements under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) thereof. The Company relied upon representations, warranties, certifications and agreements of Dynasty in support of the satisfaction of the conditions contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act.

The information about the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock set forth under Item 3.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02.

Item 3.03. Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders

On March 18, 2025, the Company filed a Certificate of Designations (the Certificate of Designations) with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware to designate 5,000 shares of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, representing $5 million aggregate liquidation preference, with the powers, designations, preferences and other rights as set forth therein. The Certificate of Designations became effective upon filing on March 18, 2025.

The Certificate of Designations provides that the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock will accumulate dividends at a rate per annum of 7.5% (the Dividend Rate) of the initial liquidation preference of $1,000.00 per share (the Initial Liquidation Preference), which may be paid in kind at the Companys option. 

The Series A Convertible Preferred Stock ranks senior to the Common Stock with respect to the payment of dividends and rights upon the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company. Subject to certain exceptions, no dividend or other distribution will be declared or paid on the Common Stock, unless, at the time of such declaration and payment, an equivalent dividend or distribution is declared and paid on the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. 

The Series A Convertible Preferred Stock may be redeemed by the Company, in whole but not in part, at its election at any time on or after the date that is three (3) years after March 18, 2028 and in certain other situations. In addition, holders may require the Company to repurchase all or a portion of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock upon the occurrence of a Change of Control (as defined in the Certificate of Designations).

Holders will have the right to convert their shares into a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the product of (A) the conversion rate in effect immediately before the close of business on the conversion date for such conversion, which shall initially be 100.0000 shares of Common Stock per one thousand dollars ($1,000.00) of liquidation preference of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and (B) the quotient obtained by dividing (I) the sum of (x) the liquidation preference of such shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock immediately before the close of business on such conversion date and (y) an amount equal to accumulated and unpaid Regular Dividends on such shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock to, but excluding, such conversion date (but only to the extent such accumulated and unpaid Regular Dividends are not included in the liquidation preference referred to in the preceding clause (x)), by (II) the Initial Liquidation Preference per share of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. The initial conversion rate is subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments.

The Series A Convertible Preferred Stock has no stated maturity, is not subject to any sinking fund and will remain outstanding indefinitely unless redeemed or repurchased by the Company or converted into Common Stock.

Subject to the terms of the Certificate of Designations, holders of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock generally will be entitled to vote on an as-converted basis together as a single class with the holders of the Common Stock on each matter submitted for a vote or consent by the holders of the Common Stock, subject to limitation as needed to comply with Nasdaq listing standards for the Common Stock.

The foregoing description of the terms of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Certificate of Designations, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 3.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.03.

Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

The information about the Certificate of Designations set forth under Item 3.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 5.03.

Item 9.01. Financial Statement and Exhibits

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit Number Exhibit Description

3.1 

Certificate of Designations of Abacus Global Management, Inc., designating the Companys Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL).

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Abacus Life, Inc.

(Registrant)

Date: March 24, 2025 By: /s/ Jay Jackson

Name: Jay Jackson

Title: Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>a31excertificateofdesignat.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.1
<TEXT>
Document

Abacus Global Management, Inc.

Certificate of Designations

Series A Convertible Preferred Stock

March 17, 2025

Table of Contents

Page

Section 1. Definitions 

1

Section 2. Rules of Construction 

10

Section 3. The Convertible Preferred Stock 

11

(a) Designation; Par Value 

11

(b) Number of Authorized Shares 

11

(c) Form, Dating and Denominations 

11

(d) Method of Payment; Delay When Payment Date is Not a Business Day 

12

(e) Register 

12

(f) Legends 

12

(g) Transfers and Exchanges; Transfer Taxes; Certain Transfer Restrictions 

13

(h) Exchange and Cancellation of Convertible Preferred Stock to Be Converted or to Be Repurchased Pursuant to a Repurchase Upon Change of Control or a Redemption 

14

(i) Status of Retired Shares 

15

(j) Replacement Certificates 

15

(k) Registered Holders 

15

(l) Cancellation 

15

(m) Shares Held by the Company or its Affiliates 

16

(n) Outstanding Shares 

16

(o) Notations and Exchanges 

17

Section 4. Ranking 

17

Section 5. Dividends 

17

(a) Generally 

17

(b) Participating Dividends 

18

Section 6. Rights Upon Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding Up 

19

(a) Generally 

19

(b) Certain Business Combination Transactions Deemed Not to Be a Liquidation 

20

Section 7. Right of the Company to Redeem the Convertible Preferred Stock 

20

(a) No Right to Redeem Before the Redemption Trigger Date 

20

(b) Right to Redeem the Convertible Preferred Stock on or After Redemption Trigger Date 

20

(c) Redemption Prohibited in Certain Circumstances 

20

(d) Redemption Date 

20

(e) Redemption Price 

20

(f) Redemption Notice 

20

(g) Payment of the Redemption Price 

21

(h) Redemption Upon an Antitrust Trigger 

21

- i -

Section 8. Right of Holders to Require the Company to Repurchase Convertible Preferred Stock upon a Change of Control. 

21

(a) Right of Holders to Require the Company to Repurchase Convertible Preferred Stock upon a Change of Control 

21

(b) Funds Legally Available for Payment of Change of Control Repurchase Price; Covenant Not to Take Certain Actions 

21

(c) Change of Control Repurchase Date 

22

(d) Change of Control Repurchase Price 

22

(e) Change of Control Notice 

22

(f) Procedures to Exercise the Change of Control Repurchase Right 

23

(g) Payment of the Change of Control Repurchase Price 

24

(h) Compliance with Securities Laws 

24

Section 9. Voting Rights 

24

(a) Voting and Consent Rights with Respect to Specified Matters 

24

(b) Right to Vote with Holders of Common Stock on an As-Converted Basis 

25

(c) Procedures for Voting and Consents 

25

Section 10. Conversion 

25

(a) Generally 

25

(b) Conversion at the Option of the Holders 

25

(c) Mandatory Conversion at the Companys Election. 

26

(d) Conversion Procedures 

27

(e) Settlement upon Conversion 

27

(f) Conversion Rate Adjustments 

28

(g) Voluntary Conversion Rate Increases 

29

(h) Restriction on Conversions 

30

(i) Effect of Common Stock Change Event 

33

Section 11. Certain Provisions Relating to the Issuance of Common Stock 

35

(a) Equitable Adjustments to Prices 

35

(b) Reservation of Shares of Common Stock 

35

(c) Status of Shares of Common Stock 

35

(d) Taxes Upon Issuance of Common Stock 

35

Section 12. No Preemptive Rights 

36

Section 13. Tax Treatment 

36

Section 14. Calculations 

36

(a) Responsibility; Schedule of Calculations 

36

(b) Calculations Aggregated for Each Holder 

36

Section 15. Notices 

36

Section 16. Legally Available Funds 

36

Section 17. No Other Rights 

37

Exhibits

Exhibit A: Form of Preferred Stock Certificate A-1

- ii -

Exhibit B: Form of Restricted Stock Legend B-1

- iii -

Certificate of Designations

Series A Convertible Preferred Stock

On March [__], 2025, the Board of Directors of Abacus Global Management, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), adopted the following resolution designating and creating, out of the authorized and unissued shares of preferred stock of the Company, 5,000 authorized shares of a series of preferred stock of the Company titled the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock:

RESOLVED that, pursuant to the Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws and applicable law, a series of preferred stock of the Company titled the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, and having a par value of $0.0001 per share and an initial number of authorized shares equal to 5,000, is hereby designated and created out of the authorized and unissued shares of preferred stock of the Company, which series has the rights, designations, preferences, voting powers and other provisions set forth below:

Section 1.Definitions.

30-Day VWAP means, as of any day, the volume-weighted average price per share of the Common Stock, over the previous 30 days, as reported on Bloomberg.

Abeyance Shares has the meaning set forth in Section 10(h). 

Abeyance Dividend has the meaning set forth in Section 10(h). 

Affiliate has the meaning set forth in Rule 144.

Antitrust Clearance Date means the date on which the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (HSR), has expired or been terminated, and any other required clearances, approvals or authorizations of filings and registrations with, and notifications to government authorities under other applicable antitrust and competition laws have been received, in each case, with respect to the ownership by the Holders of voting securities in the Company. The Antitrust Clearance Date shall be deemed to have occurred with respect to any shares of Convertible Preferred Stock held by a Holder who is not required to undergo the HSR waiting period.

Antitrust Redemption has the meaning set forth in Section 7(h). 

Antitrust Redemption Date means a Business Day of the Companys choosing that is no more than thirty five (35), nor less than twenty (20), Business Days after the Antitrust Trigger Event occurs.

- 1 -

Antitrust Trigger Event means, with respect to any share of Convertible Preferred Stock the event that the Antitrust Clearance Date has not occurred as of the one-year anniversary of the Initial Issue Date with respect to such share.

Attribution Parties has the meaning set forth in Section 10(h)(i).

Board of Directors means the Companys board of directors or a committee of such board duly authorized to act on behalf of such board.

Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or any day on which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is authorized or required by law or executive order to close or be closed.

Buy-In has the meaning set forth in Section 10(e)(v).

Capital Stock of any Person means any and all shares of, interests in, rights to purchase, warrants or options for, participations in, or other equivalents of, in each case however designated, the equity of such Person, but excluding any debt securities convertible into such equity.

Certificate means any Physical Certificate or Electronic Certificate.

Certificate of Designations means this Certificate of Designations, as amended or supplemented from time to time.

Certificate of Incorporation means the Companys Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as the same may be further amended, supplemented or restated.

Change of Control means that a person or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), other than the Company, its Wholly Owned Subsidiaries or a Holder (together with its Affiliates), has become the direct or indirect beneficial owner (as defined below) of shares of the Companys common equity representing at least fifty percent (50%) of the voting power of all of the Companys then-outstanding common equity. 

For the purposes of this definition, whether a Person is a beneficial owner and whether shares are beneficially owned will be determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act.

Change of Control Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 8(e).

Change of Control Repurchase Date means the date fixed, pursuant to Section 8(c), for the repurchase of any Convertible Preferred Stock by the Company pursuant to a Repurchase Upon Change of Control.

- 2 -

Change of Control Repurchase Notice means a notice (including a notice substantially in the form of the Change of Control Repurchase Notice set forth in Exhibit A) containing the information, or otherwise complying with the requirements, set forth in Section 8(f)(i) and Section 8(f)(ii).

Change of Control Repurchase Price means the cash price payable by the Company to repurchase any share of Convertible Preferred Stock upon its Repurchase Upon Change of Control, calculated pursuant to Section 8(d).

Change of Control Repurchase Right has the meaning set forth in Section 8(a).

Close of Business means 5:00 p.m., New York City time.

Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

Common Stock means the common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, of the Company, subject to Section 10(i).

Common Stock Abeyance Dividend has the meaning set forth in Section 10(h). 

Common Stock Change Event has the meaning set forth in Section 10(i)(i).

Common Stock Participating Dividend has the meaning set forth in Section 5(b)(i).

Company means Abacus Global Management, Inc., a Delaware corporation.

Conversion Share means any share of Common Stock issued or issuable upon conversion of any Convertible Preferred Stock.

Conversion Consideration means, with respect to the conversion of any Convertible Preferred Stock, the type and amount of consideration payable to settle such conversion, determined in accordance with Section 10.

Conversion Date means an Optional Conversion Date or a Mandatory Conversion Date.

Conversion Notice means a notice substantially in the form of the Conversion Notice set forth in Exhibit A.

Conversion Price means, as of any time, an amount equal to (a) the Initial Liquidation Preference per share of Convertible Preferred Stock divided by (b) the Conversion Rate in effect at such time.

Conversion Rate initially means 100.0000 shares of Common Stock per one thousand dollars ($1,000.00) of Liquidation Preference of the Convertible Preferred Stock; provided, 

- 3 -

however, that the Conversion Rate is subject to adjustment pursuant to Sections10(f) and 10(g). Each reference in this Certificate of Designations or the Convertible Preferred Stock to the Conversion Rate as of a particular date without setting forth a particular time on such date will be deemed to be a reference to the Conversion Rate immediately before the Close of Business on such date.

Convertible Preferred Stock has the meaning set forth in Section 3(a).

Depositary means The Depository Trust Company or its successor.

Depositary Participant means any member of, or participant in, the Depositary.

Dividend means any Regular Dividend or Participating Dividend.

Dividend Junior Stock means any class or series of the Companys stock whose terms do not expressly provide that such class or series will rank senior to, or equally with, the Convertible Preferred Stock with respect to the payment of dividends (without regard to whether or not dividends accumulate cumulatively). As of the Initial Issue Date, the Common Stock is the only Dividend Junior Stock.

Dividend Parity Stock means any class or series of the Companys stock (other than the Convertible Preferred Stock) whose terms expressly provide that such class or series will rank equally with the Convertible Preferred Stock with respect to the payment of dividends (without regard to whether or not dividends accumulate cumulatively). As of the Initial Issue Date, no shares of Dividend Parity Stock are issued or outstanding.

Dividend Payment Date means each Regular Dividend Payment Date with respect to a Regular Dividend and each date on which any declared Participating Dividend is scheduled to be paid on the Convertible Preferred Stock.

Dividend Senior Stock means any class or series of the Companys stock whose terms expressly provide that such class or series will rank senior to the Convertible Preferred Stock with respect to the payment of dividends (without regard to whether or not dividends accumulate cumulatively). As of the Initial Issue Date, no shares of Dividend Senior Stock are issued or outstanding.

Electronic Certificate means any electronic book-entry maintained by the Transfer Agent that represents any share(s) of Convertible Preferred Stock.

Ex-Dividend Date means, with respect to an issuance, dividend or distribution on the Common Stock, the first date on which shares of Common Stock trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such issuance, dividend or distribution (including pursuant to due bills or similar arrangements required by the relevant stock exchange). For the avoidance of doubt, any alternative trading convention on the 

- 4 -

applicable exchange or market in respect of the Common Stock under a separate ticker symbol or CUSIP number will not be considered regular way for this purpose.

Excess Shares has the meaning set forth in Section 10(h)(i).

Exchange Act means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Holder means a person in whose name any Convertible Preferred Stock is registered in the Register.

Initial Issue Date means March 17, 2025.

Initial Liquidation Preference means one thousand dollars ($1,000.00) per share of Convertible Preferred Stock.

Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock for any Trading Day means the closing sale price per share (or, if no closing sale price is reported, the average of the last bid price and the last ask price per share or, if more than one in either case, the average of the average last bid prices and the average last ask prices per share) of the Common Stock on such Trading Day as reported in composite transactions for the principal U.S. national or regional securities exchange on which the Common Stock is then listed. If the Common Stock is not listed on a U.S. national or regional securities exchange on such Trading Day, then the Last Reported Sale Price will be the last quoted bid price per share of Common Stock on such Trading Day in the over-the-counter market as reported by OTC Markets Group Inc. or a similar organization. If the Common Stock is not so quoted on such Trading Day, then the Last Reported Sale Price will be the average of the mid-point of the last bid price and the last ask price per share of Common Stock on such Trading Day from each of at least three nationally recognized independent investment banking firms the Company selects.

Liquidation Junior Stock means any class or series of the Companys stock whose terms do not expressly provide that such class or series will rank senior to, or equally with, the Convertible Preferred Stock with respect to the distribution of assets upon the Companys liquidation, dissolution or winding up. As of the Initial Issue Date, the Common Stock is the only Liquidation Junior Stock.

Liquidation Parity Stock means any class or series of the Companys stock (other than the Convertible Preferred Stock) whose terms expressly provide that such class or series will rank equally with the Convertible Preferred Stock with respect to the distribution of assets upon the Companys liquidation, dissolution or winding up. As of the Initial Issue Date, no shares of Liquidation Parity Stock are issued or outstanding.

Liquidation Preference means, with respect to the Convertible Preferred Stock, an amount initially equal to the Initial Liquidation Preference per share of Convertible Preferred Stock; provided, however, that the Liquidation Preference is subject to adjustment pursuant to Sections5(a)(ii)(1).

- 5 -

Liquidation Senior Stock means any class or series of the Companys stock whose terms expressly provide that such class or series will rank senior to the Convertible Preferred Stock with respect to the distribution of assets upon the Companys liquidation, dissolution or winding up. As of the Initial Issue Date, no shares of Liquidation Senior Stock are issued or outstanding.

Mandatory Conversion has the meaning set forth in Section 10(c)(i).

Mandatory Conversion Date means a Conversion Date designated with respect to any Convertible Preferred Stock pursuant to Section 10(c)(i) and 10(c)(iii).

Mandatory Conversion Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 10(c)(iv).

Mandatory Conversion Notice Date means, with respect to a Mandatory Conversion, the date on which the Company sends the Mandatory Conversion Notice for such Mandatory Conversion pursuant to Section 10(c)(iv).

Mandatory Conversion Right has the meaning set forth in Section 10(c)(i).

Mandatory Conversion Threshold Price Percentage means one-hundred and seventy five (175%).

Market Disruption Event means, with respect to any date, the occurrence or existence, during the one-half hour period ending at the scheduled close of trading on such date on the principal U.S. national or regional securities exchange or other market on which the Common Stock is listed for trading or trades, of any material suspension or limitation imposed on trading (by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant exchange or otherwise) in the Common Stock or in any options contracts or futures contracts relating to the Common Stock.

Maximum Percentage has the meaning set forth in Section 10(h)(i).

Officer means the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, the Chief Operating Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Treasurer, any Assistant Treasurer, the Controller, the Secretary, any Assistant Secretary or any Vice-President of the Company.

Open of Business means 9:00 a.m., New York City time.

Optional Conversion means the conversion of any Convertible Preferred Stock other than a Mandatory Conversion.

- 6 -

Optional Conversion Date means, with respect to the Optional Conversion of any Convertible Preferred Stock, the first Business Day on which the requirements set forth in Section 10(d)(ii) for such conversion are satisfied.

Ownership Limitation has the meaning set forth in Section 10(h)(i).

Participating Dividend has the meaning set forth in Section 5(b)(i).

Person or person means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organization or government or other agency or political subdivision thereof. Any division or series of a limited liability company, limited partnership or trust will constitute a separate person under this Certificate of Designations.

Physical Certificate means any certificate (other than an Electronic Certificate) representing any share(s) of Convertible Preferred Stock, which certificate is substantially in the form set forth in ExhibitA, registered in the name of the Holder of such share(s) and duly executed by the Company and countersigned by the Transfer Agent.

Record Date means, with respect to any dividend or distribution on, or issuance to holders of, Convertible Preferred Stock or Common Stock, the date fixed (whether by law, contract or the Board of Directors or otherwise) to determine the Holders or the holders of Common Stock, as applicable, that are entitled to such dividend, distribution or issuance.

Redemption means the repurchase of any Convertible Preferred Stock by the Company pursuant to Section 7.

Redemption Date means the date fixed, pursuant to Section 7(d), for the settlement of the repurchase of the Convertible Preferred Stock by the Company pursuant to a Redemption.

Redemption Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 7(f).

Redemption Notice Date means, with respect to a Redemption of the Convertible Preferred Stock, the date on which the Company sends the related Redemption Notice pursuant to Section 7(f).

Redemption Price means the consideration payable by the Company to repurchase any Convertible Preferred Stock upon its Redemption, calculated pursuant to Section 7(e).

Redemption Trigger Date means the date that is three (3) years after the Initial Issue Date (or, if such date is not a Business Day, the next Business Day).

Reference Property has the meaning set forth in Section 10(i)(i).

- 7 -

Reference Property Unit has the meaning set forth in Section 10(i)(i).

Register has the meaning set forth in Section 3(e).

Regular Dividend Payment Date means, with respect to any share of Convertible Preferred Stock, each January 1, April 1, July 1 and October 1 of each year, beginning on April 1, 2025 (or beginning on such other date specified in the Certificate representing such share).

Regular Dividend Period means each period from, and including, a Regular Dividend Payment Date (or, in the case of the first Regular Dividend Period, from, and including, the Initial Issue Date) to, but excluding, the next Regular Dividend Payment Date.

Regular Dividend Rate means seven and one half percent (7.5%) per annum.

Regular Dividends has the meaning set forth in Section 5(a)(i)(1).

Reported Share Outstanding Number has the meaning set forth in Section 10(h)(i).

Repurchase Upon Change of Control means the repurchase of any Convertible Preferred Stock by the Company pursuant to Section 8.

Restricted Stock Legend means a legend substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit B.

Rule 144 means Rule 144 under the Securities Act (or any successor rule thereto), as the same may be amended from time to time.

Scheduled Trading Day means any day that is scheduled to be a Trading Day on the principal U.S. national or regional securities exchange on which the Common Stock is then listed or, if the Common Stock is not then listed on a U.S. national or regional securities exchange, on the principal other market on which the Common Stock is then traded. If the Common Stock is not so listed or traded, then Scheduled Trading Day means a Business Day.

SEC means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

Securities Act means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Security means any Convertible Preferred Stock or Conversion Share.

Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, for the Companys primary trading market or quotation system with respect to the Common Stock that is in effect on the Conversion Date, which as of the Initial Issue Date was T+1. 

Share Delivery Date has the meaning set forth in Section 10(e)(iv).

- 8 -

Stockholder Voting Power means the aggregate number of votes entitled to be cast generally at a meeting of the Companys stockholders held for the election of directors, with the calculation of such aggregate number of votes being conclusively made for all purposes under this Certificate of Designations and the Certificate of Incorporation, absent manifest error, by the Company based on the Companys review of the Register, the Companys other books and records, each Holders public filings pursuant to Section 13 or Section 16 of the Exchange Act and any other written evidence satisfactory to the Company regarding any Holders beneficial ownership of any securities of the Company.

Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, (a) any corporation, association or other business entity (other than a partnership or limited liability company) of which more than 50% of the total voting power of the Capital Stock entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency, but after giving effect to any voting agreement or stockholders agreement that effectively transfers voting power) to vote in the election of directors, managers or trustees, as applicable, of such corporation, association or other business entity is owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of such Person; and (b) any partnership or limited liability company where (x) more than fifty percent (50%) of the capital accounts, distribution rights, equity and voting interests, or of the general and limited partnership interests, as applicable, of such partnership or limited liability company are owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of such Person, whether in the form of membership, general, special or limited partnership or limited liability company interests or otherwise; and (y) such Person or any one or more of the other Subsidiaries of such Person is a controlling general partner of, or otherwise controls, such partnership or limited liability company.

Successor Person has the meaning set forth in Section 10(i)(iii).

Survivor of a Change of Control means the issuer of the securities received by the holders of Common Stock upon the consummation of a Change of Control, to the extent the holders of Common Stock receive other securities in exchange, conversion or substitution of their Common Stock in the transaction that resulted in such Change of Control.

Trading Day means any day on which (a) trading in the Common Stock generally occurs on the principal U.S. national or regional securities exchange on which the Common Stock is then listed or, if the Common Stock is not then listed on a U.S. national or regional securities exchange, on the principal other market on which the Common Stock is then traded; and (b) there is no Market Disruption Event. If the Common Stock is not so listed or traded, then Trading Day means a Business Day.

Transfer Agent means Computershare Trust Company N.A. or its successor.

- 9 -

Transfer-Restricted Security means any Security that constitutes a restricted security (as defined in Rule 144); provided, however, that such Security will cease to be a Transfer-Restricted Security upon the earliest to occur of the following events:

(a) such Security is sold or otherwise transferred to a Person (other than the Company or an Affiliate of the Company) pursuant to a registration statement that was effective under the Securities Act at the time of such sale or transfer;

(b) such Security is sold or otherwise transferred to a Person (other than the Company or an Affiliate of the Company) pursuant to an available exemption (including Rule 144) from the registration and prospectus-delivery requirements of, or in a transaction not subject to, the Securities Act and, immediately after such sale or transfer, such Security ceases to constitute a restricted security (as defined in Rule 144); and

(c) (i) such Security is eligible for resale, by a Person that is not an Affiliate of the Company and that has not been an Affiliate of the Company during the immediately preceding three (3) months, pursuant to Rule 144 without any limitations thereunder as to volume, manner of sale, availability of current public information or notice; and (ii) the Company has received such certificates or other documentation or evidence as the Company may reasonably require to determine that the security is eligible for resale pursuant to clause (i) and the Holder, holder or beneficial owner of such Security is not, and that has not been during the immediately preceding three (3) months, an Affiliate of the Company.

Wholly Owned Subsidiary of a Person means any Subsidiary of such Person all of the outstanding Capital Stock or other ownership interests of which (other than directors qualifying shares) are owned by such Person or one or more Wholly Owned Subsidiaries of such Person.

Section 2.Rules of Construction. For purposes of this Certificate of Designations:

(a) or is not exclusive;

(b) including means including without limitation;

(c) will expresses a command;

(d) the average of a set of numerical values refers to the arithmetic average of such numerical values;

(e) a merger involving, or a transfer of assets by, a limited liability company, limited partnership or trust will be deemed to include any division of or by, or an allocation of assets to a series of, such limited liability company, limited partnership or trust, or any unwinding of any such division or allocation;

(f) words in the singular include the plural and in the plural include the singular, unless the context requires otherwise;

- 10 -

(g) herein, hereof and other words of similar import refer to this Certificate of Designations as a whole and not to any particular Section or other subdivision of this Certificate of Designations, unless the context requires otherwise;

(h) references to currency mean the lawful currency of the United States of America, unless the context requires otherwise; and

(i) the exhibits, schedules and other attachments to this Certificate of Designations are deemed to form part of this Certificate of Designations.

Section 3.The Convertible Preferred Stock.

(a)Designation; Par Value. A series of stock of the Company titled the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the Convertible Preferred Stock) is hereby designated and created out of the authorized and unissued shares of preferred stock of the Company. The par value of the Convertible Preferred Stock is $0.0001 per share.

(b)Number of Authorized Shares. The total authorized number of shares of Convertible Preferred Stock is five thousand (5,000); provided, however that, by resolution of the Board of Directors, the total number of authorized shares of Convertible Preferred Stock may hereafter be increased or reduced (to a number that is not less than the number of shares of Convertible Preferred Stock then outstanding).

(c)Form, Dating and Denominations.

(i)Form and Date of Certificates Representing Convertible Preferred Stock. Each Certificate representing any Convertible Preferred Stock will bear the legends required by Section 3(f) and may bear notations, legends or endorsements required by law, stock exchange rule or usage or the Depositary.

(ii)Certificates.

(1)Generally. The Convertible Preferred Stock will be originally issued initially in the form of one or more Electronic Certificates. Electronic Certificates may be exchanged for Physical Certificates, and Physical Certificates may be exchanged for Electronic Certificates, upon request by the Holder thereof pursuant to customary procedures.

(2)Electronic Certificates; Interpretation. For purposes of this Certificate of Designations, (A) each Electronic Certificate will be deemed to include the text of the stock certificate set forth in Exhibit A; (B) any legend or other notation that is required to be included on a Certificate will be deemed to be included in any Electronic Certificate notwithstanding that such Electronic Certificate may be in a form that does not permit affixing legends thereto; (C) any reference in this Certificate of Designations to the delivery of any Electronic Certificate will be deemed to be satisfied upon the registration of the electronic book-entry representing such Electronic Certificate in the name of the applicable Holder; (D) upon satisfaction of any applicable requirements of the Delaware General Corporation Law, the Certificate of Incorporation and the Bylaws of the Company, and any related requirements of the Transfer Agent, in each case for 

- 11 -

the issuance of Convertible Preferred Stock in the form of one or more Electronic Certificates, such Electronic Certificates will be deemed to be executed by the Company and countersigned by the Transfer Agent.

(iii)No Bearer Certificates; Denominations. The Convertible Preferred Stock will be issued only in registered form and only in whole numbers of shares.

(iv)Registration Numbers. Each Certificate representing any Convertible Preferred Stock will bear a unique registration number that is not affixed to any other Certificate representing any other outstanding share of Convertible Preferred Stock.

(d)Method of Payment; Delay When Payment Date is Not a Business Day.

(i)Method of Payment. The Company will pay all cash amounts due on any Convertible Preferred Stock by check issued in the name of the Holder thereof; provided, however, that if such Holder has delivered to the Company, no later than the time set forth in the next sentence, a written request to receive payment by wire transfer to an account of such Holder within the United States, then the Company will pay all such cash amounts by wire transfer of immediately available funds to such account. To be timely, such written request must be delivered no later than the Close of Business on the following date: (x) with respect to the payment of any declared cash Participating Dividend due on a Dividend Payment Date for the Convertible Preferred Stock, the related Record Date; and (y) with respect to any other payment, the date that is fifteen (15) calendar days immediately before the date such payment is due.

(ii)Delay of Payment when Payment Date is Not a Business Day. If the due date for a payment on any Convertible Preferred Stock as provided in this Certificate of Designations is not a Business Day, then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Certificate of Designations, such payment may be made on the immediately following Business Day and no interest, dividend or other amount will accrue or accumulate on such payment as a result of the related delay. Solely for purposes of the immediately preceding sentence, a day on which the applicable place of payment is authorized or required by law or executive order to close or be closed will be deemed not to be a Business Day.

(e)Register. The Company will, or will retain another Person (who may be to the Transfer Agent) to act as registrar who will, keep a record (the Register) of the names and addresses of the Holders, the number of shares of Convertible Preferred Stock held by each Holder and the transfer, exchange, repurchase, Redemption and conversion of the Convertible Preferred Stock. Absent manifest error, the entries in the Register will be conclusive, and the Company and the Transfer Agent may treat each Person whose name is recorded as a Holder in the Register as a Holder for all purposes. The Register will be in written form or in any form capable of being converted into written form reasonably promptly. The Company will promptly provide a copy of the Register to any Holder upon its request.

(f)Legends.

(i)Restricted Stock Legend.

(1)Each Certificate representing any share of Convertible Preferred Stock that is a Transfer-Restricted Security will bear the Restricted Stock Legend.

- 12 -

(2)If any share of Convertible Preferred Stock is issued in exchange for, in substitution of, or to effect a partial conversion of, any other share(s) of Convertible Preferred Stock (such other share(s) being referred to as the old share(s) for purposes of this Section 3(f)(i)(2)), including pursuant to Section 3(h) or 3(j), then the Certificate representing such share will bear the Restricted Stock Legend if the certificate representing such old share(s) bore the Restricted Stock Legend at the time of such exchange or substitution, or on the related Conversion Date with respect to such conversion, as applicable; provided, however, that the Certificate representing such share need not bear the Restricted Stock Legend if such share does not constitute a Transfer-Restricted Security immediately after such exchange or substitution, or as of such Conversion Date, as applicable.

(ii)Other Legends. The Certificate representing any Convertible Preferred Stock may bear any other legend or text, not inconsistent with this Certificate of Designations, as may be required by applicable law or by any securities exchange or automated quotation system on which such Convertible Preferred Stock is traded or quoted or as may be otherwise reasonably determined by the Company to be appropriate.

(iii)Legends on Conversion Shares.

(1)Each Conversion Share will bear a legend substantially to the same effect as the Restricted Stock Legend if the Convertible Preferred Stock upon the conversion of which such Conversion Share was issued was (or would have been had it not been converted) a Transfer-Restricted Security at the time such Conversion Share was issued; provided, however, that such Conversion Share need not bear such a legend if the Company determines, in its reasonable discretion, that such Conversion Share need not bear such a legend.

(2)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 3(f)(iii)(1), a Conversion Share need not bear a legend pursuant to Section 3(f)(iii)(1) if such Conversion Share is issued in an uncertificated form that does not permit affixing legends thereto.

(g)Transfers and Exchanges; Transfer Taxes; Certain Transfer Restrictions.

(i)Provisions Applicable to All Transfers and Exchanges.

(1)Generally. Subject to this Section 3(g), Convertible Preferred Stock represented by any Certificate may be transferred or exchanged from time to time, and the Company will cause each such transfer or exchange to be recorded in the Register.

(2)No Services Charge; Transfer Taxes. The Company will not impose any service charge on any Holder for any transfer, exchange or conversion of any Convertible Preferred Stock, but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any transfer tax or similar governmental charge that may be imposed in connection with any transfer, exchange or conversion, pursuant to Section 11(d), of Convertible Preferred Stock, other than exchanges pursuant to Section 3(h) or Section 3(o) not involving any transfer.

(3)No Transfers or Exchanges of Fractional Shares. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Certificate of Designations, all transfers or 

- 13 -

exchanges of Convertible Preferred Stock must be in an amount representing a whole number of shares of Convertible Preferred Stock, and no fractional share of Convertible Preferred Stock may be transferred or exchanged.

(4)Legends. Each Certificate representing any share of Convertible Preferred Stock that is issued upon transfer of, or in exchange for, another share of Convertible Preferred Stock will bear each legend, if any, required by Section 3(f).

(5)Settlement of Transfers and Exchanges. Upon satisfaction of the requirements of this Certificate of Designations to effect a transfer or exchange of any Convertible Preferred Stock as well as the delivery of all documentation reasonably required by the Transfer Agent or the Company in order to effect any transfer or exchange, the Company will cause such transfer or exchange to be effected as soon as reasonably practicable but in no event later than the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the date of such satisfaction.

(ii)Transfers of Shares Subject to Redemption, Repurchase or Conversion. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Certificate of Designations, the Company will not be required to register the transfer of or exchange any share of Convertible Preferred Stock:

(1)that has been surrendered for conversion;

(2)that has been called for Redemption pursuant to a Redemption Notice, except to the extent that the Company fails to pay the related Redemption Price when due; or

(3)as to which a Change of Control Repurchase Notice has been duly delivered, and not withdrawn, pursuant to Section 8(f), except to the extent that the Company fails to pay the related Change of Control Repurchase Price when due.

(h)Exchange and Cancellation of Convertible Preferred Stock to Be Converted or to Be Repurchased Pursuant to a Repurchase Upon Change of Control or a Redemption.

(i)Partial Conversions of Certificates and Partial Repurchases of Certificates Pursuant to a Repurchase Upon Change of Control. If only a portion of a Holders Convertible Preferred Stock represented by a Certificate (such Certificate being referred to as the old Certificate for purposes of this Section 3(h)(i)) is to be converted pursuant to Section 10 or repurchased pursuant to a Repurchase Upon Change of Control, then, as soon as reasonably practicable after such Certificate is surrendered for such conversion or repurchase, as applicable, the Company will cause such Certificate to be exchanged for (1) one or more Certificates that each represent a whole number of shares of Convertible Preferred Stock and, in the aggregate, represent a total number of shares of Convertible Preferred Stock equal to the number of shares of Convertible Preferred Stock represented by such old Certificate that are not to be so converted or repurchased, as applicable, and deliver such Certificate(s) to such Holder; and (2) a Certificate representing a whole number of shares of Convertible Preferred Stock equal to the number of shares of Convertible Preferred Stock represented by such old Certificate that are to be so converted or repurchased, as applicable, which Certificate will be converted or repurchased, as applicable, pursuant to the terms of this Certificate of Designations; 

- 14 -

provided, however, that the Certificate referred to in this clause (2) need not be issued at any time after which such shares subject to such conversion or repurchase, as applicable, are deemed to cease to be outstanding pursuant to Section 3(n).

(ii)Cancellation of Convertible Preferred Stock that Is Converted and Convertible Preferred Stock that Is Repurchased Pursuant to a Repurchase Upon Change of Control or a Redemption. If a Holders Convertible Preferred Stock represented by a Certificate (or any portion thereof that has not theretofore been exchanged pursuant to Section 3(h)(i)) (such Certificate being referred to as the old Certificate for purposes of this Section 3(h)(ii)) is to be converted pursuant to Section 10 or repurchased pursuant to a Repurchase Upon Change of Control or a Redemption, then, promptly after the later of the time such Convertible Preferred Stock is deemed to cease to be outstanding pursuant to Section 3(n) and the time such Certificate is surrendered for such conversion or repurchase, as applicable, (A) such Certificate will be cancelled pursuant to Section 3(l); and (B) in the case of a partial conversion or repurchase, the Company will issue, execute and deliver to such Holder, and cause the Transfer Agent to countersign, one or more Certificates that (x) each represent a whole number of shares of Convertible Preferred Stock and, in the aggregate, represent a total number of shares of Convertible Preferred Stock equal to the number of shares of Convertible Preferred Stock represented by such old Certificate that are not to be so converted or repurchased, as applicable; (y) are registered in the name of such Holder; and (z) bear each legend, if any, required by Section 3(f).

(i)Status of Retired Shares. Upon any share of Convertible Preferred Stock ceasing to be outstanding, such share will be deemed to be retired and to resume the status of an authorized and unissued share of preferred stock of the Company, and such share cannot thereafter be reissued as Convertible Preferred Stock.

(j)Replacement Certificates. If a Holder of any Convertible Preferred Stock claims that the Certificate(s) representing such Convertible Preferred Stock have been mutilated, lost, destroyed or wrongfully taken, then the Company will issue, execute and deliver, and cause the Transfer Agent to countersign, in each case in accordance with Section 3(c), a replacement Certificate representing such Convertible Preferred Stock upon surrender to the Company or the Transfer Agent of such mutilated Certificate, or upon delivery to the Company or the Transfer Agent of evidence of such loss, destruction or wrongful taking reasonably satisfactory to the Transfer Agent and the Company. In the case of a lost, destroyed or wrongfully taken Certificate representing any Convertible Preferred Stock, the Company and the Transfer Agent may require the Holder thereof to provide such security or indemnity that is reasonably satisfactory to the Company and the Transfer Agent to protect the Company and the Transfer Agent from any loss that any of them may suffer if such Certificate is replaced.

Every replacement Convertible Preferred Stock issued pursuant to this Section 3(j) will, upon such replacement, be deemed to be outstanding Convertible Preferred Stock, entitled to all of the benefits of this Certificate of Designations equally and ratably with all other Convertible Preferred Stock then outstanding.

(k)Registered Holders. Only the Holder of any Convertible Preferred Stock will have rights under this Certificate of Designations as the owner of such Convertible Preferred Stock.

(l)Cancellation. The Company may at any time deliver Convertible Preferred Stock to the Transfer Agent for cancellation. The Company will cause the Transfer Agent to promptly 

- 15 -

cancel all shares of Convertible Preferred Stock so surrendered to it in accordance with its customary procedures.

(m)Shares Held by the Company or its Affiliates. Without limiting the generality of Section3(n), in determining whether the Holders of the required number of outstanding shares of Convertible Preferred Stock have concurred in any direction, waiver or consent, shares of Convertible Preferred Stock owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries will be deemed not to be outstanding.

(n)Outstanding Shares.

(i)Generally. The shares of Convertible Preferred Stock that are outstanding at any time will be deemed to be those shares of Convertible Preferred Stock that, at such time, have been duly executed by the Company and countersigned by the Transfer Agent, excluding those shares of Convertible Preferred Stock that have theretofore been (1) cancelled by the Transfer Agent or delivered to the Transfer Agent for cancellation in accordance with Section 3(l); (2) paid in full upon their conversion or upon their repurchase pursuant to a Repurchase Upon Change of Control or a Redemption in accordance with this Certificate of Designations; or (3) deemed to cease to be outstanding to the extent provided in, and subject to, clause (ii), (iii), (iv) or (v) of this Section 3(n).

(ii)Replaced Shares. If any Certificate representing any share of Convertible Preferred Stock is replaced pursuant to Section 3(j), then such share will cease to be outstanding at the time of such replacement, unless the Transfer Agent and the Company receive proof reasonably satisfactory to them that such share is held by a bona fide purchaser under applicable law.

(iii)Shares to Be Repurchased Pursuant to a Redemption. If, on a Redemption Date, the Company has segregated, solely for the benefit of the applicable Holders, consideration in kind and amount that is sufficient to pay the aggregate Redemption Price due on such date, then (unless there occurs a default in the payment of the Redemption Price) (1) the Convertible Preferred Stock to be redeemed on such date will be deemed, as of such date, to cease to be outstanding; (2) Regular Dividends will cease to accumulate on such Convertible Preferred Stock from and after such Redemption Date; and (3) the rights of the Holders of such Convertible Preferred Stock, as such, will terminate with respect to such Convertible Preferred Stock, other than the right to receive the Redemption Price as provided in Section 7.

(iv)Shares to Be Repurchased Pursuant to a Repurchase Upon Change of Control. If, on a Change of Control Repurchase Date, the Company has segregated, solely for the benefit of the applicable Holders, consideration in kind and amount that is sufficient to pay the aggregate Change of Control Repurchase Price due on such date, then (unless there occurs a default in the payment of the Change of Control Repurchase Price) (1) the Convertible Preferred Stock to be repurchased on such date will be deemed, as of such date, to cease to be outstanding; (2) Regular Dividends will cease to accumulate on such Convertible Preferred Stock from and after such Change of Control Repurchase Date; and (3) the rights of the Holders of such Convertible Preferred Stock, as such, will terminate with respect to such Convertible Preferred Stock, other than the right to receive the Change of Control Repurchase Price as provided in Section 8 and, if applicable, Section 16.

(v)Shares to Be Converted. If any Convertible Preferred Stock is to be converted, then, at the Close of Business on the Conversion Date for such conversion 

- 16 -

(unless there occurs a default in the delivery of the Conversion Consideration due pursuant to Section 10 upon such conversion): (1) such Convertible Preferred Stock will be deemed to cease to be outstanding; (2) Regular Dividends will cease to accumulate on such Convertible Preferred Stock from and after such Conversion Date; and (3) the rights of the Holders of such Convertible Preferred Stock, as such, will terminate with respect to such Convertible Preferred Stock, other than the right to receive such Conversion Consideration as provided in Section 10 and, if applicable, Section 16.

(o)Notations and Exchanges. Without limiting any rights of Holders pursuant to Section 9, if any amendment, supplement or waiver to the Certificate of Incorporation or this Certificate of Designations changes the terms of any Convertible Preferred Stock, then the Company may, in its discretion, require the Holder of the Certificate representing such Convertible Preferred Stock to deliver such Certificate to the Transfer Agent so that the Transfer Agent may place an appropriate notation prepared by the Company on such Certificate and return such Certificate to such Holder. Alternatively, at its discretion, the Company may, in exchange for such Convertible Preferred Stock, issue, execute and deliver, and cause the Transfer Agent to countersign, in each case in accordance with Section 3(c), a new Certificate representing such Convertible Preferred Stock that reflects the changed terms. The failure to make any appropriate notation or issue a new Certificate representing any Convertible Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section 3(o) will not impair or affect the validity of such amendment, supplement or waiver.

Section 4.Ranking. The Convertible Preferred Stock will rank (a) senior to (i) Dividend Junior Stock with respect to the payment of dividends; and (ii) Liquidation Junior Stock with respect to the distribution of assets upon the Companys liquidation, dissolution or winding up; (b) equally with (i) Dividend Parity Stock with respect to the payment of dividends; and (ii) Liquidation Parity Stock with respect to the distribution of assets upon the Companys liquidation, dissolution or winding up; and (c) junior to (i) Dividend Senior Stock with respect to the payment of dividends; and (ii) Liquidation Senior Stock with respect to the distribution of assets upon the Companys liquidation, dissolution or winding up.

Section 5.Dividends.

(a)Generally.

(i)Regular Dividends.

(1)Accumulation and Payment of Regular Dividends. The Convertible Preferred Stock will accumulate cumulative dividends at a rate per annum equal to the Regular Dividend Rate on the Liquidation Preference thereof (calculated in accordance with Section 5(a)(i)(2)), regardless of whether or not declared or funds are legally available for their payment (such dividends that accumulate on the Convertible Preferred Stock pursuant to this sentence, Regular Dividends). Subject to the other provisions of this Section 5 (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Section 5(a)(i)(3) and Section 5(a)(ii)(1)), such Regular Dividends will be payable quarterly in arrears on each Regular Dividend Payment Date. Regular Dividends on the Convertible Preferred Stock will accumulate on a daily basis from, and including, the last date on which Regular Dividends have been paid (or, if no Regular Dividends have been paid, from, and including, the Initial Issue Date) to, but excluding, the next Regular Dividend Payment Date.

(2)Computation of Accumulated Regular Dividends. Accumulated Regular Dividends will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of 

- 17 -

twelve 30-day months. Regular Dividends on each share of Convertible Preferred Stock will accrue on the Liquidation Preference of such share as of immediately before the Close of Business on the preceding Regular Dividend Payment Date (or, if there is no preceding Regular Dividend Payment Date, on the Initial Liquidation Preference of such share).

(ii)Methods of Payment of Regular Dividends; Payments in Kind.

(1)Generally. Subject to the next sentence, each Regular Dividend on the Convertible Preferred Stock will be paid in cash. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Certificate of Designations, if as of the Close of Business on any Regular Dividend Payment Date (or, if such Regular Dividend Payment Date is not a Business Day, the next Business Day), the Company has not paid all or any portion of the full amount of the Regular Dividends (regardless of whether or not declared) that have accumulated on the Convertible Preferred Stock in respect of the Regular Dividend Period ending on, but excluding, such Regular Dividend Payment Date then the dollar amount (expressed as an amount per share of Convertible Preferred Stock) of such Regular Dividend (or, if applicable, portion thereof) not paid in cash will (without duplication) be added, effective immediately before the Close of Business on the related Regular Dividend Payment Date, to the Liquidation Preference of each share of Convertible Preferred Stock outstanding as of such time. Such payment and addition will occur automatically, without the need of any action on the part of the Company or any other Person.

(2)Construction. Any Regular Dividends the amount of which is added to the Liquidation Preference thereof pursuant to Section 5(a)(ii)(1) will be deemed to be declared and paid on the Convertible Preferred Stock for all purposes of this Certificate of Designations.

(b)Participating Dividends.

(i)Generally. Subject to Section 5(b)(ii), no dividend or other distribution on the Common Stock (whether in cash, securities or other property, or any combination of the foregoing) will be declared or paid on the Common Stock unless, at the time of such declaration and payment, an equivalent dividend or distribution is declared and paid, respectively, on the Convertible Preferred Stock (such a dividend or distribution on the Convertible Preferred Stock, a Participating Dividend, and such corresponding dividend or distribution on the Common Stock, the Common Stock Participating Dividend), such that (1) the Record Date and the payment date for such Participating Dividend occur on the same dates as the Record Date and payment date, respectively, for such Common Stock Participating Dividend and (2) the kind and amount of consideration payable per share of Convertible Preferred Stock in such Participating Dividend is the same kind and amount of consideration that would be payable in the Common Stock Participating Dividend in respect of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the number of shares of Common Stock that would be issuable (determined in accordance with Section 10 but without regard to Section 10(e)(ii) and Section 10(h)) in respect of one (1) share of Convertible Preferred Stock that is converted pursuant to an Optional Conversion with a Conversion Date occurring on such Record Date (subject to the same arrangements, if any, in such Common Stock Participating Dividend not to issue or deliver a fractional portion of any security or other property, but with such arrangement applying separately to each Holder and computed based on the total number of shares of Convertible Preferred Stock held by such Holder on such Record Date).

- 18 -

(ii)Common Stock Change Events and Stock Splits, Dividends and Combinations. Section 5(b)(i) will not apply to, and no Participating Dividend will be required to be declared or paid in respect of, a Common Stock Change Event, or an event for which an adjustment to the Conversion Rate is required pursuant to Section 10(f)(i)(1), as to which Section 10(i) or Section 10(f)(i)(1), respectively, will apply.

(iii)Treatment of Participating Dividends Upon Redemption, Repurchase Upon Change of Control or Conversion. If the Redemption Date, Change of Control Repurchase Date or Conversion Date of any share of Convertible Preferred Stock is after a Record Date for a declared Participating Dividend on the Convertible Preferred Stock and on or before the next Dividend Payment Date, then the Holder of such share at the Close of Business on such Record Date will be entitled, notwithstanding the related Redemption, Repurchase Upon Change of Control or conversion, as applicable, to receive, on or, at the Companys election, before such Dividend Payment Date, such declared Participating Dividend on such share.

Section 6.Rights Upon Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding Up.

(a)Generally. If the Company liquidates, dissolves or winds up, whether voluntarily or involuntarily, then, subject to the rights of any of the Companys creditors or holders of any outstanding Liquidation Senior Stock, each share of Convertible Preferred Stock will entitle the Holder thereof to receive payment for the greater of the amounts set forth in clause (i) and (ii) below out of the Companys assets or funds legally available for distribution to the Companys stockholders, before any such assets or funds are distributed to, or set aside for the benefit of, any Liquidation Junior Stock:

(i)the sum of:

(1)the Liquidation Preference per share of Convertible Preferred Stock; and

(2)all unpaid Regular Dividends that will have accumulated on such share to, but excluding, the date of such payment; and

(ii)the amount such Holder would have received in respect of the number of shares of Common Stock that would be issuable upon conversion of such share of Convertible Preferred Stock assuming the Conversion Date of such conversion occurs on the date of such payment and assuming all outstanding shares of Convertible Preferred Stock were converted into Common Stock (without regard as to whether sufficient shares of Common Stock are available out of the Companys authorized but unissued stock for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the Convertible Preferred Stock and without regard to any limitation on conversion in accordance with Section 10(h) or Section 10(j)).

Upon payment of such amount in full on the outstanding Convertible Preferred Stock, Holders of the Convertible Preferred Stock will have no rights to the Companys remaining assets or funds, if any. If such assets or funds are insufficient to fully pay such amount on all outstanding shares of Convertible Preferred Stock and the corresponding amounts payable in respect of all outstanding shares of Liquidation Parity Stock, if any, then, subject to the rights of any of the Companys creditors or holders of any outstanding Liquidation Senior Stock, such assets or funds will be distributed ratably on the outstanding shares of Convertible Preferred 

- 19 -

Stock and Liquidation Parity Stock in proportion to the full respective distributions to which such shares would otherwise be entitled.

(b)Certain Business Combination Transactions Deemed Not to Be a Liquidation. For purposes of Section 6(a), the Companys consolidation or combination with, or merger with or into, or the sale, lease or other transfer of all or substantially all of the Companys assets (other than a sale, lease or other transfer in connection with the Companys liquidation, dissolution or winding up) to, another Person will not, in itself, constitute the Companys liquidation, dissolution or winding up, even if, in connection therewith, the Convertible Preferred Stock is converted into, or is exchanged for, or represents solely the right to receive, other securities, cash or other property, or any combination of the foregoing.

Section 7.Right of the Company to Redeem the Convertible Preferred Stock.

(a)No Right to Redeem Before the Redemption Trigger Date. The Company may not redeem the Convertible Preferred Stock at its option at any time before the Redemption Trigger Date, except as set forth in Section 7(h).

(b)Right to Redeem the Convertible Preferred Stock on or After Redemption Trigger Date. Subject to the terms of this Section 7, the Company has the right, at its election, to redeem all, but not less than all, of the Convertible Preferred Stock, at any time, on a Redemption Date on or after the Redemption Trigger Date, for a cash purchase price equal to the Redemption Price.

(c)Redemption Prohibited in Certain Circumstances. The Company will not call for Redemption, or otherwise send a Redemption Notice in respect of the Redemption of, any Convertible Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section 7 unless the Company has sufficient funds legally available, and is permitted under the terms of its indebtedness for borrowed money, to fully pay the Redemption Price in respect of all shares of Convertible Preferred Stock called for Redemption.

(d)Redemption Date. The Redemption Date for any Redemption will be a Business Day of the Companys choosing that is no more than sixty (60), nor less than thirty (30), calendar days after the Redemption Notice Date for such Redemption.

(e)Redemption Price. The Redemption Price for any share of Convertible Preferred Stock to be repurchased pursuant to a Redemption is an amount in cash equal to the Liquidation Preference of such share at the Close of Business on the Redemption Date for such Redemption plus accumulated and unpaid Regular Dividends on such share to, but excluding, such Redemption Date (to the extent such accumulated and unpaid Regular Dividends are not included in such Liquidation Preference).

(f)Redemption Notice. To call any share of Convertible Preferred Stock for Redemption, the Company must send to the Holder of such share a notice of such Redemption (a Redemption Notice). Such Redemption Notice must state:

(i)that such share has been called for Redemption;

(ii)the Redemption Date for such Redemption;

(iii)the Redemption Price per share of Convertible Preferred Stock;

- 20 -

(iv)that Convertible Preferred Stock called for Redemption may be converted at any time before the Close of Business on the Business Day immediately before the Redemption Date (or, if the Company fails to pay the Redemption Price due on such Redemption Date in full, at any time until such time as the Company pays such Redemption Price in full); and

(v)the Conversion Rate in effect on the Redemption Notice Date for such Redemption.

(g)Payment of the Redemption Price. The Company will cause the Redemption Price for each share of Convertible Preferred Stock subject to Redemption to be paid to the Holder thereof on or before the applicable Redemption Date.

(h)Redemption Upon an Antitrust Trigger Event. Subject to the terms of this Section 7, upon the request of any Holder following the occurrence of the Antitrust Trigger Event with respect to the shares of Convertible Preferred Stock held by such Holder, the Company may, at its election, redeem all or any portion of the shares of Convertible Preferred Stock with respect to which the Antitrust Trigger Event has occurred, on the Antitrust Redemption Date, for a cash purchase price per share of Convertible Preferred Stock equal to the Initial Liquidation Preference (an Antitrust Redemption). The procedures set forth in Sections 7(d), (f) and (g) will apply to any Antitrust Redemption, except that the Redemption Price shall be the Initial Liquidation Preference and the Redemption Date shall be the Antitrust Redemption Date. 

Section 8.Right of Holders to Require the Company to Repurchase Convertible Preferred Stock upon a Change of Control.

(a)Right of Holders to Require the Company to Repurchase Convertible Preferred Stock upon a Change of Control. Subject to the other terms of this Section 8, if a Change of Control occurs, then each Holder will have the right (the Change of Control Repurchase Right) to require the Company or the Survivor of a Change of Control (such Survivor of a Change of Control, the Acquirer) to repurchase all, or any whole number of shares that is less than all, of such Holders Convertible Preferred Stock on the Change of Control Repurchase Date for such Change of Control for a cash purchase price equal to the Change of Control Repurchase Price. For clarity, any shares of Convertible Preferred Stock in respect of which a Holder does not exercise the right to require the Company to repurchase as set forth in this Section 8 shall remain outstanding.

(b)Funds Legally Available for Payment of Change of Control Repurchase Price; Covenant Not to Take Certain Actions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 8, but subject to Section 16, (i) the Company or the Acquirer will not be obligated to pay the Change of Control Repurchase Price of any shares of Convertible Preferred Stock to the extent, and only to the extent, the Company or the Acquirer does not have sufficient funds legally available to pay the same; and (ii) if the Company or the Acquirer does not have sufficient funds legally available to pay the Change of Control Repurchase Price of all shares of Convertible Preferred Stock that are otherwise to be repurchased pursuant to a Repurchase Upon Change of Control, then (1) the Company or the Acquirer, as applicable, will pay the maximum amount of such Change of Control Repurchase Price that can be paid out of funds legally available for payment, which payment will be made pro rata to each Holder based on the total number of shares of Convertible Preferred Stock of such Holder that were otherwise to be repurchased pursuant to such Repurchase Upon Change of Control; and (2) at any time thereafter when additional funds of the Company or the Acquirer, as applicable, become legally available for the repurchase of the Convertible Preferred Stock, such funds will be used to redeem the balance of the shares of Convertible Preferred Stock which the Company was theretofore obligated to 

- 21 -

repurchase. Any shares of Convertible Preferred Stock which are not repurchased as a result of the circumstances described herein shall remain outstanding until such shares shall have been redeemed and the Change of Control Repurchase Price therefor, as applicable, shall have been paid or set aside for payment in full. The Company will not voluntarily take any action, or voluntarily engage in any transaction, that would result in a Change of Control unless the Company has (and will have through the date of payment) sufficient funds legally available to fully pay the maximum aggregate Change of Control Repurchase Price that would be payable in respect of such Change of Control on all shares of Convertible Preferred Stock then outstanding.

(c)Change of Control Repurchase Date. The Change of Control Repurchase Date for any Change of Control will be a Business Day of the Companys choosing that is no more than thirty five (35), nor less than twenty (20), Business Days after the date the Company sends the related Change of Control Notice pursuant to Section 8(e).

(d)Change of Control Repurchase Price. The Change of Control Repurchase Price for any share of Convertible Preferred Stock to be repurchased upon a Repurchase Upon Change of Control following a Change of Control is an amount in cash equal to the sum of (i) Liquidation Preference of such share at the Close of Business on such Change of Control Repurchase Date plus (ii) accumulated and unpaid Regular Dividends on such share to, but excluding, such Change of Control Repurchase Date (to the extent such accumulated and unpaid Regular Dividends are not included in such Liquidation Preference).

(e)Change of Control Notice. On or before the tenth (10th) Business Day before the effective date (or anticipated effective date) of a Change of Control (or, if later, promptly after the Company discovers that a Change of Control may occur), the Company will send to each Holder a notice of such Change of Control (either concurrently with or after the public announcement of the same information) (a Change of Control Notice). Such Change of Control Notice must state:

(i)briefly, the events causing such Change of Control;

(ii)the expected effective date of such Change of Control;

(iii)the procedures that a Holder must follow to require the Company to repurchase its Convertible Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section 8, including the deadline for exercising the Change of Control Repurchase Right and the procedures for submitting and withdrawing a Change of Control Repurchase Notice;

(iv)the Change of Control Repurchase Date for such Change of Control;

(v)the Change of Control Repurchase Price per share of Convertible Preferred Stock;

(vi)the Conversion Rate in effect on the date of such Change of Control Notice and a description and quantification of any adjustments to the Conversion Rate that may result from such Change of Control;

(vii)that shares of Convertible Preferred Stock for which a Change of Control Repurchase Notice has been duly tendered and not duly withdrawn must be delivered to the Company for the Holder thereof to be entitled to receive the Change of Control Repurchase Price; and

- 22 -

(viii)that shares of Convertible Preferred Stock that are subject to a Change of Control Repurchase Notice that has been duly tendered may be converted only if such Change of Control Repurchase Notice is withdrawn in accordance with this Certificate of Designations.

(f)Procedures to Exercise the Change of Control Repurchase Right.

(i)Delivery of Change of Control Repurchase Notice and Shares of Convertible Preferred Stock to Be Repurchased. To exercise its Change of Control Repurchase Right for any share(s) of Convertible Preferred Stock following a Change of Control, the Holder thereof must deliver to the Company:

(1)before the Close of Business on the Business Day immediately before the related Change of Control Repurchase Date (or such later time as may be required by law), a duly completed, written Change of Control Repurchase Notice with respect to such share(s); and

(2)such share(s), duly endorsed for transfer, to the extent such share(s) are represented by one or more Physical Certificates.

(ii)Contents of Change of Control Repurchase Notices. Each Change of Control Repurchase Notice with respect to any share(s) of Convertible Preferred Stock must state:

(1)if such share(s) are represented by one or more Physical Certificates, the certificate number(s) of such Physical Certificate(s);

(2)the number of shares of Convertible Preferred Stock to be repurchased, which must be a whole number; and

(3)that such Holder is exercising its Change of Control Repurchase Right with respect to such share(s).

(iii)Withdrawal of Change of Control Repurchase Notice. A Holder that has delivered a Change of Control Repurchase Notice with respect to any share(s) of Convertible Preferred Stock may withdraw such Change of Control Repurchase Notice by delivering a written notice of withdrawal to the Company at any time before the Close of Business on the Business Day immediately before the related Change of Control Repurchase Date. Such withdrawal notice must state:

(1)if such share(s) are represented by one or more Physical Certificates, the certificate number(s) of such Physical Certificate(s);

(2)the number of shares of Convertible Preferred Stock to be withdrawn, which must be a whole number; and

(3)the number of shares of Convertible Preferred Stock, if any, that remain subject to such Change of Control Repurchase Notice, which must be a whole number.

If any Holder delivers to the Company any such withdrawal notice withdrawing any share(s) of Convertible Preferred Stock from any Change of Control Repurchase Notice 

- 23 -

previously delivered to the Company, and such share(s) have been surrendered to the Transfer Agent or the Company, then such share(s) will be returned to the Holder thereof.

(g)Payment of the Change of Control Repurchase Price. Subject to Section 8(b), the Company or the Acquirer, as applicable, will cause the Change of Control Repurchase Price for each share of Convertible Preferred Stock to be repurchased pursuant to a Repurchase Upon Change of Control to be paid to the Holder thereof on or before the later of (i) the applicable Change of Control Repurchase Date; and (ii) the date such share is tendered to the Transfer Agent or the Company.

(h)Compliance with Securities Laws. Notwithstanding anything in this Certificate of Designations to the contrary, in connection with any offer to repurchase by the Company or the Acquirer, as applicable in connection with a Change of Control or Antitrust Trigger Event, the Company or the Acquirer, as applicable, will, if required, (i) comply with the provisions of Rule 13e-4, Rule 14e-1 and any other tender offer rules under the Exchange Act; (ii) file a Schedule TO or any other required filing under the Exchange Act; and (iii) otherwise comply with all federal and state securities laws.

Section 9.Voting Rights. The Convertible Preferred Stock will have no voting rights except as set forth in this Section 9 or as provided in the Certificate of Incorporation or required by the Delaware General Corporation Law.

(a)Voting and Consent Rights with Respect to Specified Matters.

(i)Generally. Subject to the other provisions of this Section 9(a), while any Convertible Preferred Stock is outstanding, each following event will require, and cannot be effected (either directly or indirectly) without, the affirmative vote or consent of Holders representing at least two thirds (2/3rds)of the then-outstanding shares of Convertible Preferred Stock: any amendment, modification, repeal or waiver of any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or this Certificate of Designations that adversely affects the rights, preferences, privileges or powers of the Convertible Preferred Stock (other than an amendment, modification or repeal permitted by Section 9(a)(iii)); or

(ii)Certain Amendments Permitted Without Consent. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 9(a), the Company may amend, modify or repeal any of the terms of the Convertible Preferred Stock without the vote or consent of any Holder to:

(1)cure any ambiguity or correct any omission, defect or inconsistency in this Certificate of Designations or the Certificates representing the Convertible Preferred Stock, including the filing of a certificate of correction, or a corrected instrument, pursuant to Section 103(f) of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL) in connection therewith; or

(2)make any other change to the Certificate of Incorporation, this Certificate of Designations or the Certificates representing the Convertible Preferred Stock that does not, individually or in the aggregate with all other such changes, adversely affect the rights of any Holder (other than any Holders that have consented to such change), as such, in any material respect.

- 24 -

(b)Right to Vote with Holders of Common Stock on an As-ConvertedBasis. Subject to the other provisions of, and without limiting the other voting rights provided in, this Section 9, and except as provided in the Certificate of Incorporation or required by the DGCL, the Holders will have the right, from and after the Antitrust Clearance Date, to vote together as a single class with the holders of the Common Stock on each matter submitted for a vote or consent by the holders of the Common Stock, and, solely for these purposes, (i) the Convertible Preferred Stock of each Holder will entitle such Holder to cast a number of votes on such matter equal to the number of votes such Holder would have been entitled to cast if such Holder were the holder of record, as of the record or other relevant date for such matter, of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the number of shares of Common Stock that would be issuable (determined in accordance with Section 10(e), including Section 10(e)(ii), but without regard to Section 10(e)(iii)) upon conversion of such Convertible Preferred Stock assuming such Convertible Preferred Stock were converted pursuant to an Optional Conversion with a Conversion Date occurring on such record or other relevant date (without regard as to whether sufficient shares of Common Stock are available out of the Companys authorized but unissued stock); and (ii) the Holders will be entitled to notice of all stockholder meetings or proposed actions by written consent in accordance with the Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws of the Company, and the DGCL as if the Holders were holders of Common Stock. For the avoidance of doubt, the voting rights set forth in this Section 9(b) (i) will be limited or eliminated, as applicable, in accordance with Section 10(h); and (ii) will not apply at any time before the Antitrust Clearance Date. For the avoidance of doubt, and without limiting the voting rights set forth in this Section 9(b), no Holder of Convertible Preferred Stock will be treated as the holder of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of such Convertible Preferred Stock before the time set forth in Section 10(d)(iv) in connection with the conversion of such Convertible Preferred Stock.

(c)Procedures for Voting and Consents.

(i)Voting Power of the Convertible Preferred Stock. Each share of Convertible Preferred Stock will be entitled to one vote on each matter on which the Holders of the Convertible Preferred Stock are entitled to vote separately as a class and not together with the holders of any other class or series of stock. 

(ii)Written Consent in Lieu of Stockholder Meeting. A consent or affirmative vote of the Holders pursuant to Section 9(a) may be given or obtained either in writing without a meeting or in person or by proxy at a regular annual meeting or a special meeting of stockholders.

Section 10.Conversion.

(a)Generally. Subject to the provisions of this Section 10, the Convertible Preferred Stock may be converted only pursuant to a Mandatory Conversion or an Optional Conversion.

(b)Conversion at the Option of the Holders.

(i)Conversion Right; When Shares May Be Submitted for OptionalConversion. Subject to the provisions of this Section 10, from and after the Antitrust Clearance Date, Holders will have the right to submit all, but not less than all, of their shares of Convertible Preferred Stock pursuant to an Optional Conversion at any time after the Initial Issue Date; provided, however, that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Certificate of Designations and in addition to any other requirements for Optional Conversion of such shares of Convertible Preferred Stock,

- 25 -

(1)if a Change of Control Repurchase Notice is validly delivered pursuant to Section 8(f)(i) with respect to any share of Convertible Preferred Stock, then such share may not be submitted for Optional Conversion, except to the extent (A) such share is not subject to such notice; (B) such notice is withdrawn in accordance with Section 8(f)(iii); or (C) the Company fails to pay the Change of Control Repurchase Price for such share in accordance with this Certificate of Designations;

(2)shares of Convertible Preferred Stock that are called for Redemption may not be submitted for Optional Conversion; and

(3)shares of Convertible Preferred Stock that are subject to Mandatory Conversion may not be submitted for Optional Conversion after the Close of Business on the Business Day immediately before the related Mandatory Conversion Date.

(ii)Conversions of Fractional Shares Not Permitted. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Certificate of Designations, in no event will any Holder be entitled to convert a number of shares of Convertible Preferred Stock that is not a whole number.

(c)Mandatory Conversion at the Companys Election.

(i)Mandatory Conversion Right. Subject to the provisions of this Section 10, the Company has the right (the Mandatory Conversion Right), exercisable at its election from and after the Antitrust Clearance Date, to designate any Business Day after the Initial Issue Date as a Conversion Date for the conversion (such a conversion, a Mandatory Conversion) of all, but not less than all, of the outstanding shares of Convertible Preferred Stock, but only if the 30-Day VWAP exceeds the product of the Mandatory Conversion Threshold Price Percentage and the Conversion Price as of the Trading Day immediately before the Mandatory Conversion Notice Date for such Mandatory Conversion.

(ii)Mandatory Conversion Limitation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 10(c), the Companys exercise of its Mandatory Conversion Right, and any related Mandatory Conversion Notice, will not apply to any share of Convertible Preferred Stock as to which a Change of Control Repurchase Notice has been duly delivered, and not withdrawn, pursuant to Section 8(f).

(iii)Mandatory Conversion Date. The Mandatory Conversion Date for any Mandatory Conversion will be a Business Day of the Companys choosing that is no more than fifteen (15), nor less than ten (10), Business Days after the Mandatory Conversion Notice Date for such Mandatory Conversion.

(iv)Mandatory Conversion Notice. To exercise its Mandatory Conversion Right with respect to any shares of Convertible Preferred Stock, the Company must send to each Holder of such shares a written notice of such exercise (a Mandatory Conversion Notice).

Such Mandatory Conversion Notice must state:

(1)that the Company has exercised its Mandatory Conversion Right to cause the Mandatory Conversion of the shares;

- 26 -

(2)the Mandatory Conversion Date for such Mandatory Conversion and the date scheduled for the settlement of such Mandatory Conversion;

(3)that shares of Convertible Preferred Stock subject to Mandatory Conversion may be converted earlier at the option of the Holders thereof pursuant to an Optional Conversion at any time before the Close of Business on the Business Day immediately before the Mandatory Conversion Date; and

(4)the Conversion Price and the Conversion Rate in effect on the Mandatory Conversion Notice Date for such Mandatory Conversion.

(d)Conversion Procedures.

(i)Mandatory Conversion. If the Company duly exercises, in accordance with this Section 10(c), its Mandatory Conversion Right with respect to any share of Convertible Preferred Stock, then (1) the Mandatory Conversion of such share will occur automatically and without the need for any action on the part of the Holder(s) thereof; and (2) the shares of Common Stock due upon such Mandatory Conversion will be registered in the name of, and, if applicable, the cash due upon such Mandatory Conversion will be delivered to, the Holder(s) of such share of Convertible Preferred Stock as of the Close of Business on the related Mandatory Conversion Date.

(ii)Requirements for Holders to Exercise OptionalConversion Right.

(1)Generally. To convert any share of Convertible Preferred Stock pursuant to an Optional Conversion, the Holder of such share must (w) complete, manually sign and deliver to the Company a Conversion Notice; (x) deliver any Physical Certificate representing such Convertible Preferred Stock to the Company (at which time such Optional Conversion will become irrevocable); (y) furnish any endorsements and transfer documents that the Company may reasonably require; and (z) if applicable, pay any documentary or other taxes as pursuant to Section 11(d).

(2)OptionalConversion Permitted only During Business Hours. Convertible Preferred Stock may be surrendered for Optional Conversion only after the Open of Business and before the Close of Business on a day that is a Business Day.

(iii)NoAdjustments for Accumulated Regular Dividends. Without limiting any adjustments to the Liquidation Preference required by this Certificate of Designations, the Conversion Rate will not be adjusted to account for any accumulated and unpaid Regular Dividends on any Convertible Preferred Stock being converted.

(iv)When Holders Become Stockholders of Record of the Shares of Common Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The Person in whose name any share of Common Stock is issuable upon conversion of any Convertible Preferred Stock will be deemed to become the holder of record of such share as of the Close of Business on the Conversion Date for such conversion.

(e)Settlement upon Conversion.

(i)Generally. Subject to Section 10(e)(ii), Section 10(h) and Section 14(b), the consideration due upon settlement of the conversion of each share of Convertible 

- 27 -

Preferred Stock will consist of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the product of (A) the Conversion Rate in effect immediately before the Close of Business on the Conversion Date for such conversion; and (B) the quotient obtained by dividing (I) the sum of (x) the Liquidation Preference of such share of Convertible Preferred Stock immediately before the Close of Business on such Conversion Date and (y) an amount equal to accumulated and unpaid Regular Dividends on such share of Convertible Preferred Stock to, but excluding, such Conversion Date (but only to the extent such accumulated and unpaid Regular Dividends are not included in the Liquidation Preference referred to in the preceding clause(x)), by (II) the Initial Liquidation Preference per share of Convertible Preferred Stock.

(ii)Payment of Cash in Lieu of any Fractional Share of Common Stock. Subject to Section 14(b), in lieu of delivering any fractional share of Common Stock otherwise due upon conversion of any Convertible Preferred Stock, the Company will, to the extent it is legally able to do so, pay cash based on the Last Reported Sale Price per share of Common Stock on the Conversion Date for such conversion (or, if such Conversion Date is not a Trading Day, the immediately preceding Trading Day).

(iii)[Reserved]

(iv)Delivery of Conversion Consideration. The Company will pay or deliver, as applicable, the Conversion Consideration due upon conversion of any Convertible Preferred Stock on or before the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the Conversion Date for such conversion (the Share Delivery Date). 

(f)Conversion Rate Adjustments.

(i)Events Requiring an Adjustment to the Conversion Rate. The Conversion Rate will be adjusted from time to time as follows:

(1)Stock Dividends, Splits and Combinations. If the Company issues solely shares of Common Stock as a dividend or distribution on all or substantially all shares of the Common Stock, or if the Company effects a stock split or a stock combination of the Common Stock (in each case excluding an issuance solely pursuant to a Common Stock Change Event, as to which Section 10(i) will apply), then the Conversion Rate will be adjusted based on the following formula:

where:

CR0 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately before the Close of Business on the Record Date for such dividend or distribution, or immediately before the Close of Business on the effective date of such stock split or stock combination, as applicable;

CR1 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the Close of Business on such Record Date or effective date, as applicable;

- 28 -

OS0 = the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately before the Close of Business on such Record Date or effective date, as applicable, without giving effect to such dividend, distribution, stock split or stock combination; and

OS1 = the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such dividend, distribution, stock split or stock combination.

If any dividend, distribution, stock split or stock combination of the type described in this Section 10(f)(i)(1) is declared or announced, but not so paid or made, then the Conversion Rate will be readjusted, effective as of the date the Board of Directors, or any Officer acting pursuant to authority conferred by the Board of Directors, determines not to pay such dividend or distribution or to effect such stock split or stock combination, to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect had such dividend, distribution, stock split or stock combination not been declared or announced.

(ii)No Other Required Adjustments. Without limiting the operation of Sections5(a)(ii)(1) and 10(e)(i), the Company will not be required to adjust the Conversion Rate except pursuant to Section 10(f)(i).

(iii)Determination of the Number of Outstanding Shares of Common Stock. For purposes of Section 10(f)(i), the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at any time will (1) include shares issuable in respect of scrip certificates issued in lieu of fractions of shares of Common Stock; and (2) exclude shares of Common Stock held in the Companys treasury (unless the Company pays any dividend or makes any distribution on shares of Common Stock held in its treasury).

(iv)Calculations. All calculations with respect to the Conversion Rate and adjustments thereto will be made to the nearest 1/10,000th of a share of Common Stock (with 5/100,000ths rounded upward).

(v)Notice of Conversion Rate Adjustments. Upon the effectiveness of any adjustment to the Conversion Rate pursuant to Section 10(f)(i), the Company will promptly send notice to the Holders containing (1) a brief description of the transaction or other event on account of which such adjustment was made; (2) the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after such adjustment; and (3) the effective time of such adjustment.

(g)Voluntary Conversion Rate Increases.

(i)Generally. To the extent permitted by law and applicable stock exchange rules, the Company, from time to time, may (but is not required to) increase the Conversion Rate by any amount if (1) the Board of Directors determines that such increase is in the Companys best interest or that such increase is advisable to avoid or diminish any income tax imposed on holders of Common Stock or rights to purchase Common Stock as a result of any dividend or distribution of shares (or rights to acquire shares) of Common Stock or any similar event; (2) such increase is in effect for a period 

- 29 -

of at least twenty (20) Business Days; and (3) such increase is irrevocable during such period.

(ii)Notice of Voluntary Increase. If the Board of Directors determines to increase the Conversion Rate pursuant to Section 10(g)(i), then, no later than the first Business Day of the related twenty (20) Business Day period referred to in Section 10(g)(i), the Company will send notice to each Holder of such increase to the Conversion Rate, the amount thereof and the period during which such increase will be in effect.

(h)Restriction on Conversions.

(i)Limitation on Conversion Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Certificate of Designations, no shares of Common Stock will be issued or delivered upon conversion of any Convertible Preferred Stock of any Holder, and no Convertible Preferred Stock of any Holder will be convertible, in each case to the extent, and only to the extent, that such issuance, delivery, conversion or convertibility would result in such Holder or a person or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) beneficially owning in excess of nineteen and ninety-nine-one-hundredths percent (19.99%) of the then-outstanding Stockholder Voting Power (the restrictions set forth in this sentence, the Ownership Limitation). For these purposes, beneficial ownership and calculations of percentage ownership will be determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, upon the written election of a holder of shares of Convertible Preferred Stock, no such holder of Convertible Preferred Stock shall be entitled to effect a conversion of any portion of its shares of Convertible Preferred Stock, to vote in its capacity as a holder of shares of Convertible Preferred Stock with respect to matters submitted to holders of the Common Stock or take delivery of shares of Common Stock upon conversion of such shares of Convertible Preferred Stock, in each case, to the extent that, after giving effect to such conversion, action or delivery, as applicable, such holder, together with all other Attribution Parties (as defined below), collectively would beneficially own in excess of 9.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise (such percentage, subject to such modifications in accordance with, and subject to the limitations set forth in, this paragraph, the Maximum Percentage). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by such holder and the other Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock held by the holder and all other Attribution Parties plus the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of such shares of Convertible Preferred Stock with respect to which the determination of such sentence is being made, but shall exclude shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) conversion of the remaining, unconverted portion of such shares of Convertible Preferred Stock beneficially owned by such holder or any other Attribution Party and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other securities of the Company beneficially owned by such holder or any other Attribution Party subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained in this paragraph. For purposes of determining the number of shares of Common Stock the holder may acquire upon the conversion of shares of its Convertible Preferred Stock 

- 30 -

without exceeding the Maximum Percentage, such holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (1) the Companys most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, Current Report on Form 8-K or other public filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, as the case may be, (2) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (3) any other written notice by the Company or the transfer agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding (the Reported Outstanding Share Number). If the Company receives a Conversion Notice from a holder of Convertible Preferred Stock at a time when the actual number of outstanding shares of Common Stock is less than the Reported Outstanding Share Number, the Company shall (i) notify such holder in writing of the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding and, to the extent that such Conversion Notice would otherwise cause such holders beneficial ownership, as determined pursuant to this paragraph, to exceed the Maximum Percentage, such holder must notify the Company of a reduced number of shares of Convertible Preferred Stock to be converted pursuant to such Conversion Notice. For any reason at any time, upon the written or oral request of a holder of Convertible Preferred Stock, where such request indicates that it is being made pursuant to this Certificate of Designation, the Company shall within two (2) business days confirm orally and in writing or by electronic mail to such holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company by such holder and any other Attribution Party since the date as of which the Reported Outstanding Share Number was reported. In the event that the issuance of shares of Common Stock to the Holder upon the conversion of any of such holders shares of Convertible Preferred Stock results in the Holder and the other Attribution Parties being deemed to beneficially own, in the aggregate, more than the Maximum Percentage of the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, the number of shares so issued by which such holders and the other Attribution Parties aggregate beneficial ownership exceeds the Maximum Percentage (the Excess Shares) shall be deemed null and void and shall be cancelled ab initio, and such holder shall not have the power to vote or to transfer the Excess Shares. As soon as reasonably practicable after the issuance of the Excess Shares has been deemed null and void and/or any other shares of Convertible Preferred Stock have been purported to be converted or mandatorily converted in excess of the limitations set forth in this paragraph, the Company shall return to the Holder the number of shares of Convertible Preferred Stock corresponding to such excess. Upon delivery of a written notice to the Company, a holder of Convertible Preferred Stock may from time to time increase (with such increase not effective until the sixty-first (61st) day after delivery of such notice) or decrease the Maximum Percentage to any other percentage that is not in excess of 19.99% (except that such increased percentage may exceed 19.99% in the event that the Company is not subject to rules of the relevant trading market limiting issuances of shares of Common Stock in excess of such amount) as specified in such notice; provided that (i) any such increase in the Maximum Percentage will not be effective until the sixty-first (61st) day after such notice is delivered to the Company, and (ii) any such increase or decrease will apply only to such holder of shares of Convertible Preferred Stock and the other Attribution Parties and not to any other holder of Convertible 

- 31 -

Preferred Stock. For purposes of clarity, the shares of Common Stock underlying such holders shares of Convertible Preferred Stock in excess of the Maximum Percentage shall not be deemed to be beneficially owned by such holder for any purpose including for purposes of Section 13(d) or Rule 16a-1(a)(1) of the Exchange Act. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this paragraph to the extent necessary to correct this paragraph or any portion of this paragraph which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended beneficial ownership limitation contained in this paragraph or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitation as contained in this paragraph may not be waived and shall apply to a successor holder of the Convertible Preferred Stock. The limitation contained in this paragraph shall apply to a holder from and after the delivery of such written election to the Company and shall cease to apply thereafter only upon sixty-one (61) days written notice from such holder to the Company of an election to increase or decrease or remove such limitation; provided, that such election to be subject to such limitation shall be irrevocable if the holder so electing specifies in writing to the Company that such election is irrevocable. For the avoidance of doubt, the limitation contained in this paragraph shall not apply to any holder that has not elected in writing to be subject to such limitation. As used in this Certificate of Designation with respect to any holder of Convertible Preferred Stock, Attribution Parties means, collectively, the following persons and entities: such holder, any of its Affiliates or principals, any person acting or who could be deemed to be acting as a group together with such holder or any of the foregoing for purposes of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act, and any other persons whose beneficial ownership of the Common Stock would or could be aggregated with such holders and the other Attribution Parties for purposes of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act.

Any purported delivery of shares of Common Stock upon conversion of the Convertible Preferred Stock will be void and have no effect to the extent, but only to the extent, that such delivery would result in any Holder becoming the beneficial owner of shares of Common Stock outstanding at such time in excess of the Ownership Limitation or, if applicable, the Maximum Percentage. For the avoidance of doubt, a Holder may effect an Optional Conversion, and the Company may, upon exercise of its Mandatory Conversion Right, force conversion of, such Holders Convertible Preferred Stock, up to the Ownership Limitation or, if applicable, the Maximum Percentage, in each case subject to the immediately following paragraph and the other requirements of this Certificate of Designations applicable to such Optional Conversion or Mandatory Conversion, as applicable.

If any Conversion Consideration otherwise due upon the conversion of any Convertible Preferred Stock (whether upon Redemption, Mandatory Conversion or otherwise) is not delivered as a result of the Ownership Limitation or, if applicable, the Maximum Percentage, then the Companys obligation to deliver such Conversion Consideration (the Abeyance Shares) will not be extinguished, and the Company will deliver the Abeyance Shares as soon as reasonably practicable after the Holder of such Convertible Preferred Stock provides written evidence satisfactory to the Company that such delivery 

- 32 -

will not contravene the Ownership Limitation or, if applicable, the Maximum Percentage. A Holder will provide such evidence as soon as reasonably practicable after its beneficial ownership is such that the Abeyance Shares may be delivered without contravening the Ownership Limitation or, if applicable, the Maximum Percentage. Until the Abeyance Shares have been delivered:

(1)The number of Abeyance Shares shall be subject to adjustment as set forth in Section 10(f)(i)(1).

(2) No dividend or other distribution on the Common Stock (whether in cash, securities or other property, or any combination of the foregoing) will be declared or paid on the Common Stock unless, at the time of such declaration and payment, an equivalent dividend or distribution is declared and paid, respectively, on the Abeyance Shares (such a dividend or distribution on the Abeyance Shares, an Abeyance Dividend, and such corresponding dividend or distribution on the Common Stock, the Common Stock Abeyance Dividend), such that (1) the Record Date and the payment date for such Abeyance Dividend occur on the same dates as the Record Date and payment date, respectively, for such Common Stock Abeyance Dividend and (2) the kind and amount of consideration payable per Abeyance Share in such Abeyance Dividend is the same kind and amount of consideration that would be payable in the Common Stock Abeyance Dividend.

(3)The provisions of Section 10(e)(iv) and (v) will apply to the delivery of the Abeyance Shares, mutatis mutandis. 

(4)The Company will reserve, out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock, for delivery a number of shares of Common Stock that would be sufficient to settle the obligation to delivery of the Abeyance Shares.

(5)In the event of any Common Stock Change Event, the Companys obligation to deliver Abeyance Shares will be replaced by an obligation to deliver an equal number of Reference Property Units.

For the avoidance of doubt, such converted Convertible Preferred Stock will be extinguished, will no longer accrue Regular Dividends and will not benefit from any Liquidation Preference. 

(i)Effect of Common Stock Change Event.

(i)Generally. If there occurs any:

(1)recapitalization, reclassification or change of the Common Stock, other than (x) changes solely resulting from a subdivision or combination of the Common Stock, (y) a change only in par value or from par value to no par value or no par value to par value or (z) stock splits and stock combinations that do not involve the issuance of any other series or class of securities;

(2)consolidation, merger, combination or binding or statutory share exchange involving the Company;

- 33 -

(3)sale, lease or other transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to any Person; or

(4)other similar event,

and, as a result of which, the Common Stock is converted into, or is exchanged for, or represents solely the right to receive, other securities, cash or other property, or any combination of the foregoing (such an event, a Common Stock Change Event, and such other securities, cash or property, the Reference Property, and the amount and kind of Reference Property that a holder of one (1) share of Common Stock would be entitled to receive on account of such Common Stock Change Event (without giving effect to any arrangement not to issue or deliver a fractional portion of any security or other property), a Reference Property Unit), then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Certificate of Designations,

(A) from and after the effective time of such Common Stock Change Event, (I) the consideration due upon conversion of any Convertible Preferred Stock will be determined in the same manner as if each reference to any number of shares of Common Stock in this Section 10 or in Section 11, or in any related definitions, were instead a reference to the same number of Reference Property Units; (II) for purposes of Section 10(c), each reference to any number of shares of Common Stock in such Section (or in any related definitions) will instead be deemed to be a reference to the same number of Reference Property Units; and (III) for purposes of the definition of Change of Control, the terms Common Stock and common equity will be deemed to mean the common equity (including depositary receipts representing common equity), if any, forming part of such Reference Property; and

(B) for these purposes, the Last Reported Sale Price of any Reference Property Unit or portion thereof that does not consist of a class of securities will be the fair value of such Reference Property Unit or portion thereof, as applicable, determined in good faith by the Company (or, in the case of cash denominated in U.S. dollars, the face amount thereof).

If the Reference Property consists of more than a single type of consideration to be determined based in part upon any form of stockholder election, then the composition of the Reference Property Unit will be deemed to be the weighted average of the types and amounts of consideration actually received, per share of Common Stock, by the holders of Common Stock. The Company will notify the Holders of such weighted average as soon as practicable after such determination is made.

(ii)Compliance Covenant. The Company will not become a party to any Common Stock Change Event unless its terms are consistent with this Section 10(i).

(iii)Execution of Supplemental Instruments. On or before the date the Common Stock Change Event becomes effective, the Company and, if applicable, the resulting, surviving or transferee Person (if not the Company) of such Common Stock 

- 34 -

Change Event (the Successor Person) will execute and deliver such supplemental instruments, if any, as the Company reasonably determines are necessary or desirable to (1) provide for subsequent adjustments to the Conversion Rate pursuant to Section 10(f)(i) in a manner consistent with this Section 10(i); and (2) give effect to such other provisions, if any, as the Company reasonably determines are appropriate to preserve the economic interests of the Holders and to give effect to Section 10(i)(i). If the Reference Property includes shares of stock or other securities or assets of a Person other than the Successor Person, then such other Person will also execute such supplemental instrument(s) and such supplemental instrument(s) will contain such additional provisions, if any, that the Company reasonably determines are appropriate to preserve the economic interests of Holders.

(iv)Notice of Common Stock Change Event. The Company will provide notice of each Common Stock Change Event to Holders no later than the effective date of the Common Stock Change Event.

Section 11.Certain Provisions Relating to the Issuance of Common Stock.

(a)Equitable Adjustments to Prices. Whenever this Certificate of Designations requires the Company to calculate the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices, or any function thereof, over a period of multiple days (including to calculate an adjustment to the Conversion Rate), the Company will make appropriate adjustments, if any, to those calculations to account for any adjustment to the Conversion Rate pursuant to Section 10(f)(i) that becomes effective, or any event requiring such an adjustment to the Conversion Rate where the Ex-Dividend Date, effective date or Expiration Date, as applicable, of such event occurs, at any time during such period.

(b)Reservation of Shares of Common Stock. The Company will reserve, out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock, for delivery upon conversion of the Convertible Preferred Stock, a number of shares of Common Stock that would be sufficient to settle the conversion of all shares of Convertible Preferred Stock then outstanding, if any. To the extent the Company delivers shares of Common Stock held in the Companys treasury in settlement of any obligation under this Certificate of Designations to deliver shares of Common Stock, each reference in this Certificate of Designations to the issuance of shares of Common Stock in connection therewith will be deemed to include such delivery.

(c)Status of Shares of Common Stock. Each share of Common Stock delivered upon conversion of on the Convertible Preferred Stock of any Holder will be a newly issued or treasury share and will be duly and validly issued, fully paid, non-assessable, free from preemptive rights and free of any lien or adverse claim (except to the extent of any lien or adverse claim created by the action or inaction of such Holder or the Person to whom such share of Common Stock will be delivered). If the Common Stock is then listed on any securities exchange, or quoted on any inter-dealer quotation system, then the Company will cause each such share of Common Stock, when so delivered, to be admitted for listing on such exchange or quotation on such system.

(d)Taxes Upon Issuance of Common Stock. The Company will pay any documentary, stamp or similar issue or transfer tax or duty due on the issue of any shares of Common Stock upon conversion of the Convertible Preferred Stock of any Holder, except any tax or duty that is due because such Holder requests those shares to be registered in a name other than such Holders name.

- 35 -

Section 12.No Preemptive Rights. Without limiting the rights of any Holder set forth in this Certificate of Designations (including in connection with the issuance of Common Stock or Reference Property upon conversion of the Convertible Preferred Stock) or the Investment Agreement, the Holders of the Convertible Preferred Stock will not have any preemptive rights to subscribe for or purchase any of the Companys securities.

Section 13.Tax Treatment. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Certificate of Designations, for U.S. federal and other applicable state and local income tax purposes, it is intended that the Convertible Preferred Stock will not be treated as preferred stock within the meaning of Section 305(b)(4) of Code and Treasury Regulations Section 1.305-5(a). The Company will, and will cause its Subsidiaries and agents to, report consistently with, and take no positions or actions inconsistent with, the foregoing treatment (including by way of withholding) unless otherwise required by a change in law, a determination within the meaning of Section 1313(a) of the Code, or any other settlement on audit that is binding on the Company. Each Holder agrees to provide, at the time it becomes a party hereto and thereinafter upon reasonable request or as required under applicable law (including if such form becomes inaccurate, expired, or obsolete), a valid and duly completed Internal Revenue Service Form W-9.

Section 14.Calculations.

(a)Responsibility; Schedule of Calculations. Except as otherwise provided in this Certificate of Designations, the Company will be responsible for making all calculations called for under this Certificate of Designations or the Convertible Preferred Stock, including determinations of the Conversion Rate, the Last Reported Sale Prices and accumulated Regular Dividends on the Convertible Preferred Stock. The Company will make all calculations in good faith, and, absent manifest error, its calculations will be final and binding on all Holders. The Company will provide a schedule of such calculations to any Holder upon written request.

(b)Calculations Aggregated for Each Holder. The composition of the Conversion Consideration due upon conversion of the Convertible Preferred Stock of any Holder will be computed based on the total number of shares of Convertible Preferred Stock of such Holder being converted with the same Conversion Date. For these purposes, any cash amounts due to such Holder in respect thereof will be rounded to the nearest cent.

Section 15.Notices. The Company will send all notices or communications to Holders pursuant to this Certificate of Designations in writing and delivered personally, by facsimile or e-mail (with confirmation of receipt from the recipient, in the case of e-mail), or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service to the Holders respective addresses shown on the Register. Notwithstanding anything in the Certificate of Designations to the contrary, any defect in the delivery of any such notice or communication will not impair or affect the validity of such notice or communication and the failure to give any such notice or communication to all the Holders will not impair or affect the validity of such notice or communication to whom such notice is sent.

Section 16.Legally Available Funds. Without limiting the rights of any Holder (including pursuant to Section 6), if the Company does not have sufficient funds legally available to fully pay any cash amount otherwise due on the Convertible Preferred Stock, then the Company will pay the deficiency promptly after funds thereafter become legally available therefor.

- 36 -

Section 17.No Other Rights. The Convertible Preferred Stock will have no rights, preferences or voting powers except as provided in this Certificate of Designations or the Certificate of Incorporation or as required by applicable law.

[The Remainder of This Page Intentionally Left Blank; Signature Page Follows]

- 37 -

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Certificate of Designations to be duly executed as of the date first written above.

Abacus Global Management, Inc.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature Page to Certificate of Designations]

EXHIBIT A

FORM OF CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK

[Insert Restricted Stock Legend, if applicable]

Abacus Global Management, Inc.

Series A Convertible Preferred Stock

Certificate No. [___]

Abacus Global Management, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), certifies that [___] is the registered owner of [___] shares of the Companys Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the Convertible Preferred Stock) represented by this certificate (this Certificate). The special rights, preferences and voting powers of the Convertible Preferred Stock are set forth in the Certificate of Designations of the Company establishing the Convertible Preferred Stock (the Certificate of Designations). Capitalized terms used in this Certificate without definition have the respective meanings ascribed to them in the Certificate of Designations.

Additional terms of this Certificate are set forth on the other side of this Certificate.

[The Remainder of This Page Intentionally Left Blank; Signature Page Follows]

A-1

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Abacus Global Management, Inc. has caused this instrument to be duly executed as of the date set forth below.

Abacus Global Management, Inc.

Date: By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: By: 

Name: 

Title: 

A-2

TRANSFER AGENTS COUNTERSIGNATURE

[legal name of Transfer Agent], as Transfer Agent, certifies that this Certificate represents shares of Convertible Preferred Stock referred to in the within-mentioned Certificate of Designations.

Date: By: 

Authorized Signatory

A-3

ABACUS GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC.

Series A Convertible Preferred Stock

This Certificate represents duly authorized, issued and outstanding shares of Convertible Preferred Stock. Certain terms of the Convertible Preferred Stock are summarized below. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Certificate, to the extent that any provision of this Certificate conflicts with the provisions of the Certificate of Designations or the Certificate of Incorporation, the provisions of the of the Certificate of Designations or the Certificate of Incorporation, as applicable, will control.

1.Method of Payment. Cash amounts due on the Convertible Preferred Stock represented by this Certificate will be paid in the manner set forth in Section 3(d) of the Certificate of Designations.

2.Persons Deemed Owners. The Person in whose name this Certificate is registered will be treated as the owner of the Convertible Preferred Stock represented by this Certificate for all purposes, subject to Section 3(k) of the Certificate of Designations.

3.Denominations; Transfers and Exchanges. All shares of Convertible Preferred Stock will be in registered form and in denominations equal to any whole number of shares. Subject to the terms of the Certificate of Designations, the Holder of the Convertible Preferred Stock represented by this Certificate may transfer or exchange this Convertible Preferred Stock by presenting this Certificate to the Company and delivering any required documentation or other materials.

4.Dividends. Dividends on the Convertible Preferred Stock will accumulate and will be paid in the manner, and subject to the terms, set forth in Section 5 of the Certificate of Designations.

5.Liquidation Preference. The Liquidation Preference per share of Convertible Preferred Stock is initially equal to the Initial Liquidation Preference per share of Convertible Preferred Stock; provided, however, that the Liquidation Preference is subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 5(a)(ii)(1) of the Certificate of Designations. The rights of Holders upon the Companys liquidation, dissolution or winding up are set forth in Section 6 of the Certificate of Designations.

6.Right of the Company to Redeem the Convertible Preferred Stock. The Company will have the right to redeem the Convertible Preferred Stock in the manner, and subject to the terms, set forth in Section 7 of the Certificate of Designations.

7.Voting Rights. Holders of the Convertible Preferred Stock have the voting rights set forth in Section 9 of the Certificate of Designations.

A-4

8.Conversion. The Convertible Preferred Stock will be convertible into Conversion Consideration in the manner, and subject to the terms, set forth in Section 10 of the Certificate of Designations.

9.Countersignature. The Convertible Preferred Stock represented by this Certificate will not be valid until this Certificate is countersigned by the Transfer Agent.

10.Abbreviations. Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Holder or its assignee, such as TEN COM (tenants in common), TEN ENT (tenants by the entireties), JT TEN (joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (custodian), and U/G/M/A (Uniform Gift to Minors Act).

* * *

To request a copy of the Certificate of Designations, which the Company will provide to any Holder at no charge, please send a written request to the following address:

Abacus Global Management, Inc.

2101 Park Center Drive, Suite 200

Orlando, Florida 32835

Attention: Chief Financial Officer

A-5

CONVERSION NOTICE

ABACUS GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC.

Series A Convertible Preferred Stock

Subject to the terms of the Certificate of Designations, by executing and delivering this Conversion Notice, the undersigned Holder of the Convertible Preferred Stock identified below directs the Company to convert (check one):

all of the shares of Convertible Preferred Stock

* shares of Convertible Preferred Stock

identified by Certificate No. .

Date: 

(Legal Name of Holder)

By: 

Name:

Title:

Signature Guaranteed:

Participant in a Recognized Signature

Guarantee Medallion Program

By: 

Authorized Signatory

* Must be a whole number.

A-6

CHANGE OF CONTROL REPURCHASE NOTICE

ABACUS GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, INC.

Series A Convertible Preferred Stock

Subject to the terms of the Certificate of Designations, by executing and delivering this Change of Control Repurchase Notice, the undersigned Holder of the Convertible Preferred Stock identified below is exercising its Change of Control Repurchase Right with respect to (check one):

all of the shares of Convertible Preferred Stock

1 shares of Convertible Preferred Stock

identified by Certificate No. .

The undersigned acknowledges that the Certificate identified above, duly endorsed for transfer, must be delivered to the Company before the Change of Control Repurchase Price will be paid.

Date: 

(Legal Name of Holder)

By: 

Name:

Title:

Signature Guaranteed:

Participant in a Recognized Signature

Guarantee Medallion Program

By: 

Authorized Signatory

1 Must be a whole number.

A-7

EXHIBIT B

FORM OF RESTRICTED STOCK LEGEND

THE OFFER AND SALE OF THIS SECURITY AND THE SHARES OF COMMON STOCK ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION OF THIS SECURITY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND THIS SECURITY AND SUCH SHARES MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT (A) PURSUANT TO A REGISTRATION STATEMENT THAT IS EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT; OR (B) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT.

B-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>abl-20250318.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>abl-20250318_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>abl-20250318_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
Common Stock [Member] 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Class of Stock [Domain] 
Class of Stock [Domain] 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 
Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(b) Security 
Title of 12(b) Security 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Document Information [Line Items] 
Document Information [Line Items] 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Fixed Unsecured Notes 
Fixed Unsecured Notes [Member] 
Fixed Unsecured Notes 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 
Warrant [Member] 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Ex Transition Period 
Entity Ex Transition Period 

Class of Stock [Axis] 
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Document Information [Table] 
Document Information [Table] 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Information, Former Legal or Registered Name 
Entity Information, Former Legal or Registered Name 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>abl-20250318_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>image_0.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 18, 2025

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 18, 2025

Entity Registrant Name Abacus Global Management, Inc.

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-39403

Entity Tax Identification Number 85-1210472

Entity Address, Address Line One 2101 Park Center Drive, Suite 200

Entity Address, City or Town Orlando

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 32835

City Area Code 800

Local Phone Number 561-4148

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Entity Ex Transition Period true

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001814287

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity Information, Former Legal or Registered Name Abacus Life, Inc.

Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol ABL

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share

Trading Symbol ABLLW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Fixed Unsecured Notes 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security 9.875% Fixed Rate Senior Notes due 2028

Trading Symbol ABLLL

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Former Legal or Registered Name of an entity+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityInformationFormerLegalOrRegisteredName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_WarrantMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=abl_FixedUnsecuredNotesMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
4 
25 
1 
false 
3 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
0000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://abacuslife.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

abl-20250318.htm 
abl-20250318.xsd 
abl-20250318_def.xml 
abl-20250318_lab.xml 
abl-20250318_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001814287-25-000004-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>abl-20250318_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001814287 

2025-03-18 
2025-03-18 

0001814287 

us-gaap:CommonStockMember 

2025-03-18 
2025-03-18 

0001814287 

us-gaap:WarrantMember 

2025-03-18 
2025-03-18 

0001814287 

abl:FixedUnsecuredNotesMember 

2025-03-18 
2025-03-18 

false 
0001814287 
--12-31 
8-K 
2025-03-18 
Abacus Global Management, Inc. 
DE 
001-39403 
85-1210472 
2101 Park Center Drive, Suite 200 
Orlando 
FL 
32835 
800 
561-4148 
Abacus Life, Inc. 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
ABL 
NASDAQ 
Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 
ABLLW 
NASDAQ 
9.875% Fixed Rate Senior Notes due 2028 
ABLLL 
NASDAQ 
true 
true
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>