<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001403475-25-000003.txt : 20250102
<SEC-HEADER>0001403475-25-000003.hdr.sgml : 20250102
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250102171259
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001403475-25-000003
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		37
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250102
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250102
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250102

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Bank of Marin Bancorp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001403475
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				208859754
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33572
		FILM NUMBER:		25502900

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		504 REDWOOD BOULEVARD, SUITE 100
		CITY:			NOVATO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94947
		BUSINESS PHONE:		415-763-7781

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		504 REDWOOD BOULEVARD, SUITE 100
		CITY:			NOVATO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94947
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>bmrc-20250102.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?bmrc-20250102

0001403475FALSE00014034752025-01-022025-01-02

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) January 2, 2025

Bank of Marin Bancorp

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

California 001-33572 20-8859754

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.)

504 Redwood Blvd., Suite 100, Novato, CA 94947

(Address of principal executive office) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (415) 763-4520

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changes since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c)) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered

Common stock, no par value BMRC The Nasdaq Stock Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

SECTION 5 - CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND MANAGEMENT

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers

(c) and (e) Appointment of Chief Financial Officer and Compensatory Arrangement of Certain Officers

As Bank of Marin Bancorp (Nasdaq: BMRC) and its wholly owned subsidiary Bank of Marin announced on December 6, 2024, Dave Bonaccorso assumed the Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer position on January 2, 2025. This Form 8-K is filed to provide the new terms of Mr. Bonaccorso's compensation that are effective as of this change in position.

Mr. Bonaccorso will be paid an annual salary of $365,000, subject to annual reviews commencing on January 2, 2025. Subject to the terms of the Bank's 2025 Annual Individual Incentive Compensation Plan, he will be eligible for a target cash bonus of 40% of his base salary and target equity incentive awards of 30% of his base salary, both subject to the terms of the Bank's incentive compensation plan. He will also receive a car allowance. Additionally, Mr. Bonaccorso may participate in other customary benefits offered to all employees of the Bank.

The Bank also entered into a Salary Continuation Agreement with Mr. Bonaccorso providing for certain retirement benefits (the "SERP") effective January 2, 2025. Upon retiring from the Bank's employment after reaching age 65, the SERP provides him an annual retirement benefit of $146,500 for a duration of 15 years.

The SERP also provides a lesser annual benefit upon the occurrence of a voluntary termination before reaching age 65 or a disability. The amount of the annual benefit in either scenario is based on a vesting and accrual schedule unique to Mr. Bonaccorso, but in all cases provides an annual benefit less than the normal retirement benefit set forth above. The SERP also provides for a lump sum benefit in the event of a change in control followed by the termination of Mr. Bonaccorso based on an aggregate account value accrual for him at such time. A fixed pre-retirement death benefit to be paid in a lump sum is provided. The foregoing summary of the terms of the SERP is qualified in its entirety by reference to Mr. Bonaccorso's SERP, a copy of which is filed herewith as Exhibit 10.1, and incorporated herein by reference.

The Bank also entered into a change in control agreement ("Agreement") with Mr. Bonaccorso on the Bank's standard form with a seniority factor of 1.50 as described on the Agreement which is filed herewith as Exhibit 10.2, and incorporated herein by reference.

Section 9 - Financial Statements and Exhibits

Item 9.01Financial Statements and Exhibits

(d)Exhibits.

Exhibit No. 

Description 

10.1 

Salary Continuation Agreement by and between Bank of Marin and Dave Bonaccorso, dated January 2, 2025 

10.2 

Form of change in control agreement entered into with Dave Bonaccorso 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: January 2, 2025 BANK OF MARIN BANCORP

By: /s/ Tim Myers

Tim Myers

President and

Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive Officer)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>a101serpbonaccorso.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
a101serpbonaccorso

Bank of Marin Salary Continuation Agreement BANK OF MARIN SALARY CONTINUATION AGREEMENT This SALARY CONTINUATION AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is adopted this 2nd day of January 2025, by and between Bank of Marin, a state-chartered commercial bank located in Novato, California (the Bank), and Dave Bonaccorso (the Executive). The purpose of this Agreement is to provide specified benefits to the Executive, a member of a select group of management or highly compensated employees who contribute materially to the continued growth, development and future business success of the Bank. This Agreement shall be unfunded for tax purposes and for purposes of Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA), as amended from time to time. Article 1 Definitions Whenever used in this Agreement, the following words and phrases shall have the meanings specified: 1.1 Account Value means the amount shown on Schedule A under the heading Account Value. The parties expressly acknowledge that the Account Value may be different than the liability that should be accrued by the Bank, under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, for the Banks obligation to the Executive under this Agreement. The Account Value on any date other than the end of a Plan Year shall be determined by adding the prorated increase attributable for the current Plan Year to the Account Value for the previous Plan Year. 1.2 Beneficiary means each designated person or entity, or the estate of the deceased Executive, entitled to any benefits upon the death of the Executive pursuant to Article 4. 1.3 Beneficiary Designation Form means the form established from time to time by the Plan Administrator that the Executive completes, signs and returns to the Plan Administrator to designate one or more Beneficiaries. 1.4 Change in Control means a change in the ownership or effective control of the Bank, or in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Bank, as such change is defined in Code Section 409A and regulations thereunder. 1.5 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and all regulations and guidance thereunder. 1.6 Domestic Relations Order means any judgment, decree, or order (including approval of a property settlement agreement) which (i) relates to the provision of child support, alimony payments, or marital property rights to a spouse, former spouse, child, or other dependent of the Participant, (ii) is made pursuant to a state domestic relations law 

(including a community property law) and (iii) meets the requirements of Code Section 414(p)(1)(B). 1.7 Disability means the Executive: (i) is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months; or (ii) is, by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months, receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three (3) months under an accident and health plan covering employees or directors of the Bank. Medical determination of Disability may be made by either the Social Security Administration or by the provider of disability insurance covering employees or directors of the Bank provided that the definition of disability applied under such insurance program complies with the requirements of the preceding sentence. Upon the request of the Plan Administrator, the Executive must submit proof to the Plan Administrator of the Social Security Administrations or the providers determination. 1.8 Early Termination means the Executives Separation from Service before attainment of Normal Retirement Age except when such Separation from Service occurs within twenty- four (24) months following a Change in Control or due to death or Termination for Cause. 1.9 Effective Date means January 2, 2025. 1.10 Normal Retirement Age means the Executives age sixty-five (65). 1.11 Plan Administrator means the Board of Directors of the Bank or such committee or person as the Board of Directors of the Bank shall appoint. 1.12 Plan Year means each twelve (12) month period commencing on January 1 and ending on December 31 of each year. The initial Plan Year shall commence on the Effective Date and end on the following December 31. 1.13 Schedule A means the schedule attached to this Agreement and made a part hereof. Schedule A shall be updated upon a change in any of the benefits under Articles 2 or 3. 1.14 Separation from Service means termination of the Executives employment with the Bank for reasons other than death or Disability. Whether a Separation from Service has occurred is determined in accordance with the requirements of Code Section 409A based on whether the facts and circumstances indicate that the Bank and Executive reasonably anticipated that no further services would be performed after a certain date or that the level of bona fide services the Executive would perform after such date (whether as an employee or as an independent contractor) would permanently decrease to no more than twenty percent (20%) of the average level of bona fide services performed (whether as an employee or an independent contractor) over the immediately preceding thirty-six (36) 

month period (or the full period of services to the Bank if the Executive has been providing services to the Bank less than thirty-six (36) months). 1.15 Specified Employee means an employee who at the time of Separation from Service is a key employee of the Bank, if any stock of the Bank, or any includable parent company or subsidiary under Code Section 409A, is publicly traded on an established securities market or otherwise. For purposes of this Agreement, an employee is a key employee if the employee meets the requirements of Code Section 416(i)(1)(A)(i), (ii), or (iii) (applied in accordance with the regulations thereunder and disregarding section 416(i)(5)) at any time during the twelve (12) month period ending on December 31 (the identification period). If the employee is a key employee during an identification period, the employee is treated as a key employee for purposes of this Agreement during the twelve (12) month period that begins on the first day of April following the close of the identification period. 1.16 Termination for Cause means Separation from Service for: (a) Gross negligence or gross neglect of duties to the Bank; (b) Conviction of a felony or of a gross misdemeanor involving moral turpitude in connection with the Executives employment with the Bank; or (c) Fraud, disloyalty, dishonesty or willful violation of any law or significant Bank policy committed in connection with the Executives employment and resulting in a material adverse effect on the Bank. Article 2 Distributions During Lifetime 2.1 Normal Retirement Benefit. Upon Separation from Service after attaining Normal Retirement Age, the Bank shall distribute to the Executive the benefit described in this Section 2.1 in lieu of any other benefit under this Article. 2.1.1 Amount of Benefit. The annual benefit under this Section 2.1 is One Hundred Forty-Six Thousand and Five-Hundred Dollars ($146,500). 2.1.2 Distribution of Benefit. The Bank shall distribute the annual benefit to the Executive in twelve (12) equal monthly installments commencing the month following Separation from Service. The annual benefit shall be distributed to the Executive for fifteen (15) years. 2.2 Early Termination Benefit. If Early Termination occurs, the Bank shall distribute to the Executive the benefit described in this Section 2.2 in lieu of any other benefit under this Article. 2.2.1 Amount of Benefit. The annual benefit under this Section 2.2 is the amount set forth on Schedule A as of the end of the Plan Year preceding Separation from Service. 

2.2.2 Distribution of Benefit. The Bank shall distribute the annual benefit to the Executive in twelve (12) equal monthly installments commencing the month following Normal Retirement Age. The annual benefit shall be distributed to the Executive for fifteen (15) years. 2.3 Disability Benefit. If the Executive experiences a Disability prior to Normal Retirement Age, the Bank shall distribute to the Executive the benefit described in this Section 2.3 in lieu of any other benefit under this Article. 2.3.1 Amount of Benefit. The annual benefit under this Section 2.3 is the amount set forth on Schedule A as of the end of the Plan Year preceding Disability. 2.3.2 Distribution of Benefit. The Bank shall distribute the annual benefit to the Executive in twelve (12) equal monthly installments commencing the month following Normal Retirement Age. The annual benefit shall be distributed to the Executive for fifteen (15) years. 2.4 Change in Control Benefit. If a Change in Control occurs followed within twenty-four (24) months by Separation from Service prior to Normal Retirement Age, the Bank shall distribute to the Executive the benefit described in this Section 2.4 in lieu of any other benefit under this Article. 2.4.1 Amount of Benefit. The benefit under this Section 2.4 is the amount set forth on Schedule A as of the end of the Plan Year preceding Separation from Service. 2.4.2 Distribution of Benefit. The Bank shall distribute the benefit to the Executive in a lump sum within sixty (60) days following Separation from Service. 2.4.3 Parachute Payments. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, and to the extent allowed by Code Section 409A, if any benefit payment under this Section 2.4 would be treated as an excess parachute payment under Code Section 280G, the Bank shall reduce such benefit payment to the extent necessary to avoid treating such benefit payment as an excess parachute payment. 2.5 Restriction on Commencement of Distributions. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if the Executive is considered a Specified Employee, the provisions of this Section 2.5 shall govern all distributions hereunder. If benefit distributions which would otherwise be made to the Executive due to Separation from Service are limited because the Executive is a Specified Employee, then such distributions shall not be made during the first six (6) months following Separation from Service. Rather, any distribution which would otherwise be paid to the Executive during such period shall be accumulated and paid to the Executive in a lump sum on the first day of the seventh month following Separation from Service. All subsequent distributions shall be paid in the manner specified. 

2.6 Distributions Upon Taxation of Amounts Deferred. If, pursuant to Code Section 409A, the Federal Insurance Contributions Act or other state, local or foreign tax, the Executive becomes subject to tax on the amounts deferred hereunder, then the Bank may make a limited distribution to the Executive in a manner that conforms to the requirements of Code section 409A. Any such distribution will decrease the Executives benefits distributable under this Agreement. 2.7 Change in Form or Timing of Distributions. For distribution of benefits under this Article 2, the Executive and the Bank may, subject to the terms of Section 8.1, amend this Agreement to delay the timing or change the form of distributions. Any such amendment: (a) may not accelerate the time or schedule of any distribution, except as provided in Code Section 409A; (b) must, for benefits distributable under Sections 2.2 and 2.3, be made at least twelve (12) months prior to the first scheduled distribution; (c) must, for benefits distributable under Sections 2.1, 2.2 and 2.4, delay the commencement of distributions for a minimum of five (5) years from the date the first distribution was originally scheduled to be made; and (d) must take effect not less than twelve (12) months after the amendment is made. 2.8 Domestic Relations Orders. The Bank shall fulfill any Domestic Relations Order which the Executive presents to the Plan Administrator. The maximum amount which may be paid out pursuant to this Section 2.8 is the Account Value balance as of the day a Domestic Relations Order is presented. At the time the Bank fulfills a Domestic Relations Order, the Account Value balance shall be reduced by the amount paid to fulfill the Domestic Relations Order, and the benefits to be paid under Sections 2.1, 2.2, 2.3 or 2.4 or Article 3 hereof shall reflect such reduced amount. Article 3 Distribution at Death 3.1 Death During Active Service. If the Executive dies prior to Separation from Service and Disability, the Bank shall distribute to the Beneficiary the benefit described in this Section 3.1. This benefit shall be distributed in lieu of any benefit under Article 2. 3.1.1 Amount of Benefit. The benefit under this Section 3.1 is the amount set forth on Schedule A as of the end of the Plan Year preceding death. 3.1.2 Distribution of Benefit. The Bank shall distribute the benefit to the Executive in a lump sum within sixty (60) days following the date of death. 3.2 Death During Distribution of a Benefit. If the Executive dies after any benefit distributions have commenced under this Agreement but before receiving all such distributions, the Bank shall distribute to the Beneficiary the remaining Account Value in a lump sum within 60 days following the Executives death. 

3.3 Death Before Benefit Distributions Commence. If the Executive is entitled to benefit distributions under this Agreement but dies prior to the date that commencement of said benefit distributions are scheduled to be made under this Agreement, the Bank shall distribute to the Beneficiary the Account Value in a lump sum within 60 days following the Executives death. Article 4 Beneficiaries 4.1 In General. The Executive shall have the right, at any time, to designate a Beneficiary to receive any benefit distributions under this Agreement upon the death of the Executive. The Beneficiary designated under this Agreement may be the same as or different from the beneficiary designated under any other plan of the Bank in which the Executive participates. 4.2 Designation. The Executive shall designate a Beneficiary by completing and signing the Beneficiary Designation Form and delivering it to the Plan Administrator or its designated agent. If the Executive names someone other than the Executives spouse as a Beneficiary, the Plan Administrator may, in its sole discretion, determine that spousal consent is required to be provided in a form designated by the Plan Administrator, executed by the Executives spouse and returned to the Plan Administrator. The Executive's beneficiary designation shall be deemed automatically revoked if the Beneficiary predeceases the Executive or if the Executive names a spouse as Beneficiary and the marriage is subsequently dissolved. The Executive shall have the right to change a Beneficiary by completing, signing and otherwise complying with the terms of the Beneficiary Designation Form and the Plan Administrators rules and procedures. Upon the acceptance by the Plan Administrator of a new Beneficiary Designation Form, all Beneficiary designations previously filed shall be cancelled. The Plan Administrator shall be entitled to rely on the last Beneficiary Designation Form filed by the Executive and accepted by the Plan Administrator prior to the Executives death. 4.3 Acknowledgment. No designation or change in designation of a Beneficiary shall be effective until received, accepted and acknowledged in writing by the Plan Administrator or its designated agent. 4.4 No Beneficiary Designation. If the Executive dies without a valid beneficiary designation, or if all designated Beneficiaries predecease the Executive, then the Executives spouse shall be the designated Beneficiary. If the Executive has no surviving spouse, any benefit shall be paid to the Executive's estate. 4.5 Facility of Distribution. If the Plan Administrator determines in its discretion that a benefit is to be distributed to a minor, to a person declared incompetent or to a person incapable of handling the disposition of that persons property, the Plan Administrator may direct distribution of such benefit to the guardian, legal representative or person having the care or custody of such minor, incompetent person or incapable person. The Plan Administrator may require proof of incompetence, minority or guardianship as it may deem appropriate 

prior to distribution of the benefit. Any distribution of a benefit shall be a distribution for the account of the Executive and the Beneficiary, as the case may be, and shall completely discharge any liability under this Agreement for such distribution amount. Article 5 General Limitations 5.1 Termination for Cause. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the Bank shall not distribute any benefit under this Agreement if the Executives employment with the Bank is terminated by the Bank or an applicable regulator due to a Termination for Cause. 5.2 Removal/Golden Parachute. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the Bank shall not distribute any benefit under this Agreement if the Executive is subject to a final removal or prohibition order issued by an appropriate federal banking agency pursuant to Section 8(e) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, any payments made to the Executive pursuant to this Agreement, or otherwise, shall be subject to compliance with 12 U.S.C. 1828 and FDIC Regulation 12 CFR Part 359, Golden Parachute Indemnification Payments and any other regulations or guidance promulgated thereunder. Article 6 Administration of Agreement 6.1 Plan Administrator Duties. The Plan Administrator shall administer this Agreement according to its express terms and shall also have the discretion and authority to (i) make, amend, interpret and enforce all appropriate rules and regulations for the administration of this Agreement and (ii) decide or resolve any and all questions, including interpretations of this Agreement, as may arise in connection with this Agreement to the extent the exercise of such discretion and authority does not conflict with Code Section 409A. 6.2 Agents. In the administration of this Agreement, the Plan Administrator may employ agents and delegate to them such administrative duties as the Plan Administrator sees fit, including acting through a duly appointed representative, and may from time to time consult with counsel who may be counsel to the Bank. 6.3 Binding Effect of Decisions. Any decision or action of the Plan Administrator with respect to any question arising out of or in connection with the administration, interpretation or application of this Agreement and the rules and regulations promulgated hereunder shall be final and conclusive and binding upon all persons having any interest in this Agreement. 6.4 Indemnity of Plan Administrator. The Bank shall indemnify and hold harmless the Plan Administrator against any and all claims, losses, damages, expenses or liabilities arising from any action or failure to act with respect to this Agreement, except in the case of willful misconduct by the Plan Administrator. 

6.5 Bank Information. To enable the Plan Administrator to perform its functions, the Bank shall supply full and timely information to the Plan Administrator on all matters relating to the date and circumstances of the Executives death, Disability or Separation from Service, and such other pertinent information as the Plan Administrator may reasonably require. 6.6 Annual Statement. The Plan Administrator shall provide to the Executive, within one hundred twenty (120) days after the end of each Plan Year, a statement setting forth the benefits to be distributed under this Agreement. Article 7 Claims And Review Procedures 6.1 Claims Procedure. A person who has not received benefits under this Agreement that he or she believes should be distributed (a Claimant) shall make a claim for such benefits as follows. (a) Initiation Written Claim. The Claimant initiates a claim by submitting to the Plan Administrator a written claim for the benefits. If such a claim relates to the contents of a notice received by the Claimant, the claim must be made within sixty (60) days after such notice was received by the Claimant. All other claims must be made within one hundred eighty (180) days of the date on which the event that caused the claim to arise occurred. The claim must state with particularity the determination desired by the Claimant. (b) Timing of Plan Administrator Response. The Plan Administrator shall respond to such Claimant within forty-five (45) days after receiving the claim. If the Plan Administrator determines that special circumstances require additional time for processing the claim, the Plan Administrator can extend the response period by an additional thirty (30) days by notifying the Claimant in writing, prior to the end of the initial forty-five (45) day period, that an additional period is required. The extension notice shall specifically explain the standards on which entitlement to a disability benefit is based, the unresolved issues that prevent a decision on the claim and the additional information needed from the Claimant to resolve those issues, and the Claimant shall be afforded at least forty-five (45) days within which to provide the specified information. (c) Notice of Decision. If the Plan Administrator denies all or a part of the claim, the Plan Administrator shall notify the Claimant in writing of such denial in a culturally and linguistically appropriate manner. The Plan Administrator shall write the notification in a manner calculated to be understood by the Claimant. The notification shall set forth: (i) the specific reasons for the denial; (ii) a reference to the specific provisions of this Agreement on which the denial is based; (iii) a notice that the Claimant has a right to request a review of the claim denial and an explanation of the Agreements review procedures and the time limits applicable to such procedures; (iv) a statement of the Claimants right to bring a civil action under ERISA Section 502(a) following an adverse benefit determination on review, and a description of any time limit for bringing such an action; (v) for any disability claim, a discussion of the decision, including an explanation of the basis for 

disagreeing with or not following: (A) the views presented by the Claimant of health care professionals treating the Claimant and vocational professionals who evaluated the Claimant; (B) the views of medical or vocational experts whose advice was obtained on behalf of the Bank in connection with a Claimants adverse benefit determination, without regard to whether the advice was relied upon in making the benefit determination; or (C) a disability determination regarding the Claimant presented by the Claimant made by the Social Security Administration (vi) for any disability claim, the specific internal rules, guidelines, protocols, standards or other similar criteria relied upon in making the adverse determination or, alternatively, a statement that such rules, guidelines, protocols, standards or other similar criteria do not exist; and (viii) for any disability claim, a statement that the Claimant is entitled to receive, upon request and free of charge, reasonable access to, and copies of, all documents, records, and other information relevant to the Claimants claim for benefits. Whether a document, record, or other information is relevant to a claim for benefits shall be determined by Department of Labor Regulation Section 2560.503-1(m)(8). 6.2 Review Procedure. If the Plan Administrator denies all or a part of the claim, the Claimant shall have the opportunity for a full and fair review by the Plan Administrator of the denial as follows. (a) Additional Evidence. Prior to the review of the denied claim, the Claimant shall be given, free of charge, any new or additional evidence considered, relied upon, or generated by the Plan Administrator, or any new or additional rationale, as soon as possible and sufficiently in advance of the date on which the notice of adverse benefit determination on review is required to be provided, to give the Claimant a reasonable opportunity to respond prior to that date. (b) Initiation Written Request. To initiate the review, the Claimant, within sixty (60) days after receiving the Plan Administrators notice of denial, must file with the Plan Administrator a written request for review. (c) Additional Submissions Information Access. After such request the Claimant may submit written comments, documents, records and other information relating to the claim. The Plan Administrator shall also provide the Claimant, upon request and free of charge, reasonable access to, and copies of, all documents, records and other information relevant (as defined in applicable ERISA regulations) to the Claimants claim for benefits. (d) Considerations on Review. In considering the review, the Plan Administrator shall consider all materials and information the Claimant submits relating to the claim, without regard to whether such information was submitted or considered in the initial benefit determination. Additional considerations shall be required in the case of a claim for disability benefits. The claim shall be reviewed by an individual or committee who did not make the initial determination that is subject of the appeal and who is not a subordinate of the individual who made the determination. Additionally, the review shall be made without deference to the initial adverse benefit determination. If the initial adverse benefit determination was based in whole or in part on a medical judgment, the Plan Administrator will consult with a health care professional with appropriate training and experience in the field of 

medicine involving the medical judgment. The health care professional who is consulted on appeal will not be the same individual who was consulted during the initial determination and will not be the subordinate of such individual. If the Plan Administrator obtained the advice of medical or vocational experts in making the initial adverse benefits determination (regardless of whether the advice was relied upon), the Plan Administrator will identify such experts. (e) Timing of Plan Administrator Response. The Plan Administrator shall respond in writing to such Claimant within forty-five (45) days after receiving the request for review. If the Plan Administrator determines that special circumstances require additional time for processing the claim, the Plan Administrator can extend the response period by an additional forty-five (45) days by notifying the Claimant in writing, prior to the end of the initial forty-five (45) day period, that an additional period is required. The notice of extension must set forth the special circumstances and the date by which the Plan Administrator expects to render its decision. (f) Notice of Decision. The Plan Administrator shall notify the Claimant in writing of its decision on review. The Plan Administrator shall write the notification in a culturally and linguistically appropriate manner calculated to be understood by the Claimant. The notification shall set forth: (i) the specific reasons for the denial; (ii) a reference to the specific provisions of this Agreement on which the denial is based; (iii) a statement that the Claimant is entitled to receive, upon request and free of charge, reasonable access to, and copies of, all documents, records and other information relevant (as defined in applicable ERISA regulations) to the Claimants claim for benefits; (iv) a statement of the Claimants right to bring a civil action under ERISA Section 502(a); (v) for any disability claim, a discussion of the decision, including an explanation of the basis for disagreeing with or not following: (A) the views presented by the Claimant of health care professionals treating the Claimant and vocational professionals who evaluated the Claimant; (B) the views of medical or vocational experts whose advice was obtained on behalf of the Bank in connection with a Claimants adverse benefit determination, without regard to whether the advice was relied upon in making the benefit determination; or (C) a disability determination regarding the Claimant presented by the Claimant made by the Social Security Administration; and (vi) for any disability claim, the specific internal rules, guidelines, protocols, standards or other similar criteria relied upon in making the adverse determination or, alternatively, a statement that such rules, guidelines, protocols, standards or other similar criteria do not exist. 6.3 Exhaustion of Remedies. The Claimant must follow these claims review procedures and exhaust all administrative remedies before taking any further action with respect to a claim for benefits. 6.4 Failure to Follow Procedures. In the case of a claim for disability benefits, if the Plan Administrator fails to strictly adhere to all the requirements of this claims procedure with respect to a disability claim, the Claimant is deemed to have exhausted the administrative remedies available under the Agreement, and shall be entitled to pursue any available remedies under ERISA Section 502(a) on the basis that the Plan Administrator has failed to provide a reasonable claims procedure that would yield a decision on the merits of the claim, except where the violation was: (a) de minimis; (b) non-prejudicial; (c) attributable 

to good cause or matters beyond the Plan Administrators control; (d) in the context of an ongoing good-faith exchange of information; and (e) not reflective of a pattern or practice of noncompliance. The Claimant may request a written explanation of the violation from the Plan Administrator, and the Plan Administrator must provide such explanation within ten (10) days, including a specific description of its basis, if any, for asserting that the violation should not cause the administrative remedies to be deemed exhausted. If a court rejects the Claimants request for immediate review on the basis that the Plan Administrator met the standards for the exception, the claim shall be considered as re-filed on appeal upon the Plan Administrators receipt of the decision of the court. Within a reasonable time after the receipt of the decision, the Plan Administrator shall provide the claimant with notice of the resubmission. Article 8 Amendments and Termination 8.1 Amendments. This Agreement may be amended only by a written agreement signed by the Bank and the Executive. However, the Bank may unilaterally amend this Agreement to conform with written directives to the Bank from its auditors or banking regulators or to comply with legislative changes or tax law, including without limitation Code Section 409A. 8.2 Plan Termination Generally. This Agreement may be terminated only by a written agreement signed by the Bank and the Executive. The benefit shall be the Account Value as of the date this Agreement is terminated. Except as provided in Section 8.3, the termination of this Agreement shall not cause a distribution of benefits under this Agreement. Rather, upon such termination benefit distributions will be made at the earliest distribution event permitted under Article 2 or Article 3. 8.3 Plan Terminations Under Code Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 8.2, if the Bank terminates this Agreement in the following circumstances: (a) Within thirty (30) days before or twelve (12) months after a Change in Control, provided that all distributions are made no later than twelve (12) months following such termination of this Agreement and further provided that all the Bank's arrangements which are substantially similar to this Agreement are terminated so the Executive and all participants in the similar arrangements are required to receive all amounts of compensation deferred under the terminated arrangements within twelve (12) months of such termination; (b) Upon the Banks dissolution or with the approval of a bankruptcy court provided that the amounts deferred under this Agreement are included in the Executive's gross income in the latest of (i) the calendar year in which this Agreement terminates; (ii) the calendar year in which the amount is no longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture; or (iii) the first calendar year in which the distribution is administratively practical; or (c) Upon the Banks termination of this and all other arrangements that would be aggregated with this Agreement pursuant to Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A- 

1(c) if the Executive participated in such arrangements (Similar Arrangements), provided that (i) the termination and liquidation does not occur proximate to a downturn in the financial health of the Bank, (ii) all termination distributions are made no earlier than twelve (12) months and no later than twenty-four (24) months following such termination, and (iii) the Bank does not adopt any new arrangement that would be a Similar Arrangement for a minimum of three (3) years following the date the Bank takes all necessary action to irrevocably terminate and liquidate the Agreement; the Bank may distribute the Account Value, determined as of the date of the termination of this Agreement, to the Executive in a lump sum subject to the above terms. Article 9 Miscellaneous 9.1 Binding Effect. This Agreement shall bind the Executive and the Bank and their beneficiaries, survivors, executors, administrators and transferees. 9.2 No Guarantee of Employment. Although this Agreement is intended to provide Executive with an additional incentive to remain in the employ of the Bank, this Agreement shall not be deemed to constitute a contract of employment between Executive and the Bank nor shall any provision of this Agreement restrict or expand the right of the Bank to terminate Executives employment. This Agreement shall have no impact or effect upon any separate written employment agreement which Executive may have with the Bank, it being the parties intention and agreement that unless this Agreement is specifically referenced in said employment agreement (or any modification thereto), this Agreement (and the Banks obligations hereunder) shall stand separate and apart and shall have no effect on or be affected by, the terms and provisions of said employment agreement. 9.3 Non-Transferability. Benefits under this Agreement cannot be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged, attached or encumbered in any manner. 9.4 Tax Withholding and Reporting. The Bank shall withhold any taxes that are required to be withheld from the benefits provided under this Agreement. The Executive acknowledges that the Banks sole liability regarding taxes is to forward any amounts withheld to the appropriate taxing authorities. The Bank shall satisfy all applicable reporting requirements. 9.5 Applicable Law. This Agreement and all rights hereunder shall be governed by the laws of the State of California, except to the extent preempted by the laws of the United States of America. 9.6 Unfunded Arrangement. The Executive and the Beneficiary are general unsecured creditors of the Bank for the distribution of benefits under this Agreement. The benefits represent the mere promise by the Bank to distribute such benefits. The rights to benefits are not subject in any manner to anticipation, alienation, sale, transfer, assignment, pledge, 

encumbrance, attachment or garnishment by creditors. Any insurance on the Executive's life or other informal funding asset is a general asset of the Bank to which the Executive and Beneficiary have no preferred or secured claim. 9.7 Reorganization. The Bank shall not merge or consolidate into or with another bank, or reorganize, or sell substantially all of its assets to another bank, firm or person unless and until such succeeding or continuing bank, firm or person agrees to assume and discharge the obligations of the Bank under this Agreement. Upon the occurrence of such an event, the term Bank as used in this Agreement shall be deemed to refer to the successor or survivor bank, firm, person or other entity. 9.8 Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Bank and the Executive as to the subject matter hereof. No rights are granted to the Executive by virtue of this Agreement other than those specifically set forth herein. 9.9 Interpretation. Wherever the fulfillment of the intent and purpose of this Agreement requires and the context will permit, the use of the masculine gender includes the feminine and use of the singular includes the plural. 9.10 Alternative Action. In the event it shall become impossible for the Bank or the Plan Administrator to perform any act required by this Agreement due to regulatory or other constraints, the Bank or Plan Administrator may perform such alternative act as most nearly carries out the intent and purpose of this Agreement and is in the best interests of the Bank, provided that such alternative act does not violate Code Section 409A. 9.11 Headings. Article and section headings are for convenient reference only and shall not control or affect the meaning or construction of any provision herein. 9.12 Validity. If any provision of this Agreement shall be illegal or invalid for any reason, said illegality or invalidity shall not affect the remaining parts hereof, but this Agreement shall be construed and enforced as if such illegal or invalid provision had never been included herein. 9.13 Notice. Any notice or filing required or permitted to be given to the Bank or Plan Administrator under this Agreement shall be sufficient if in writing and hand-delivered or sent by registered or certified mail to the address below: Bank of Marin 504 Redwood Blvd., Suite 100 Novato, CA 94947 Such notice shall be deemed given as of the date of delivery or, if delivery is made by mail, as of the date shown on the postmark on the receipt for registration or certification. Any notice or filing required or permitted to be given to the Executive under this Agreement shall be sufficient if in writing and hand-delivered or sent by mail to the last known address of the Executive. 

9.14 Compliance with Code Section 409A. It is the intent of the parties to comply with the all applicable Code sections, including, but not limited to, Code Section 409A. Furthermore, for the purpose of this Agreement, Code Section 409A shall be read to specifically include any related or relevant IRS Notices or clarifications. While it is understood that a general Code Section 409A savings clause will not be effective, the parties intend that any ambiguities regarding any terms or payouts contained herein shall be interpreted in a manner consistent with Code Section 409A. Further, this Agreement shall be administered in a manner consistent with Code Section 409A. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Executive and a duly authorized representative of the Bank have signed this Agreement. EXECUTIVE BANK By: Dave Bonaccorso Title:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>a102cicbonaccorso.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
a102cicbonaccorso

1 AGREEMENT This Agreement is made and is effective as of January 2, 2025 by and between Bank of Marin (Company) and David Bonaccorso (Executive). WHEREAS, Executive is currently employed by the Company, a California corporation in the capacity of Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Executives background, expertise and efforts have contributed to the success and financial strength of the Company; and WHEREAS, the Company wishes to assure itself of the continued opportunity to benefit from Executives services and Executive wishes to serve in the employ of the Company for such purposes; WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company (Board) has determined that the best interests of the Company would be served by setting forth the benefits which the Company will provide to Executive if the Executive remains employed by the Company up to and including the consummation of a Change in Control of the Company; and WHEREAS, the Company wishes to provide a specific incentive to Executive to remain in the employ of the Company through and including the consummation of any Change in Control of the Company, as defined herein. NOW, THEREFORE, in order to effect the foregoing, the parties hereto wish to enter into an Agreement on the terms and conditions set forth below. This Agreement (Agreement) therefore sets forth those benefits which the Company will provide to Executive in the event of a Change in Control of the Company (as defined in paragraph 2) under the circumstances described below or in contemplation of a Change in Control as discussed in Paragraph 1 below. Accordingly, in consideration of the premises and the respective covenants and Agreements of or in contemplation of a Change in Control as discussed in Paragraph 1 below herein contained, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto agree as follows: 1. TERM. The term of this Agreement shall be one year from the date hereof, subject to annual automatic renewal, but the Agreement may be terminated by the Company following 90 days written notification without liability to the Executive prior to the occurrence of a Change of Control. If such termination occurs, Executive shall not be entitled to any of the benefits provided hereunder; provided, however, a termination of this Agreement, in contemplation of but prior to a Change in Control shall be presumed to be a termination following a Change in Control if such termination is reasonably proximate in time to the public announcement of said Change in Control. If a Change in Control of the Company should occur while Executive is still an employee of the Company, then this Agreement shall continue in effect from the date of such Change in Control of the Company for so long as Executive remains an employee of the Company, but in no event for more than one year following the consummation of a Change in Control of the Company; provided, however, that the expiration of the term of this Agreement shall not adversely affect Executives rights under this Agreement which have accrued prior to such expiration. If no Change in Control of the Company occurs before Executives status as an employee of the Company is terminated, this Agreement shall expire on such date. 

2 2. CHANGE IN CONTROL. For purposes of this Agreement, a Change in Control of the Company shall be deemed to have occurred upon the consummation of (A) any change in the ownership of the Company (as defined in Treasury Regulation 1.409A-3(i)(5)(v)), (B) a change in effective control of the Company (as defined in Treasury Regulation 1.409A-3(i)(5)(vi)), or (C) a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company (as defined in Treasury Regulation 1.409A-3(i)(5)(vii)). Such treasury regulations presently provide as follows: (A) A change in the ownership of a corporation occurs on the date that any one person, or more than one person acting as a group (as defined in Treasury Regulation 1.409A- 3(i)(5)(v)(B)), acquires ownership of stock of the corporation that, together with stock held by such person or group, constitutes more than 50 percent of the total fair market value or total voting power of the stock of such corporation. (B) A change in effective control of the corporation occurs only on either of the following dates: (1) The date any one person, or more than one person acting as a group (as determined under Treasury Regulation 1.409A- 3(i)(5)(v)(B)), acquires (or has acquired during the 12-month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition by such person or persons) ownership of stock of the corporation possessing 30 percent or more of the total voting power of the stock of such corporation, or (2) The date a majority of members of the corporations board of directors is replaced during any 12- month period by directors whose appointment or election is not endorsed by a majority of the members of the corporations board of directors before the date of the appointment or election, provided that for purposes of this paragraph the term corporation refers solely to the relevant corporation identified in Treasury Regulation 1.409A-3(i)(5)(ii) for which no other corporation is a majority shareholder for purposes of that paragraph. (C) A change in the ownership of a substantial portion of a corporations assets occurs on the date that any one person, or more than one person acting as a group (as determined in Treasury Regulation 1.409A-3(i)(5)(v)(B)), acquires (or has acquired during the 12-month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition by such person or persons) assets from the corporation that have a total gross fair market value equal to or more than 40 percent of the total gross fair market value of all the assets of the corporation immediately before such acquisition or acquisitions (or such higher amount specified by the plan no later than the date by which the time and form of payment must be established under 1.409A-2). For this purpose, gross fair market value means the value of the assets of the corporation, or the value of the assets being disposed of, determined without regard to any liabilities associated with such assets. 3. TERMINATION FOLLOWING CHANGE IN CONTROL. If a Change in Control of the Company shall have occurred while Executive is still an employee of the Company, Executive shall be entitled to the payments and benefits provided in paragraph 4 hereof upon the subsequent termination of Executives employment, within one year following the consummation of a Change in Control of the Company, by Executive or by the Company unless such termination is (a) because of death, Disability or Retirement (as defined below), (b) by the Company for Cause (as defined below), or (c) by Executive other than for Good Reason (as defined below), in any of which events Executive shall not be entitled to receive benefits under this Agreement. (i) Disability. If, as a result of Executives incapacity due to physical or mental illness, Executive shall have been absent from his duties with the Company on a full-time basis for 90 days, the Company may terminate this Agreement for Disability. 

3 (ii) Retirement. Retirement shall mean the voluntary termination by Executive of his employment for other than Good Reason (as defined below) which termination qualifies as retirement in accordance with any pension plan adopted by the Company, pursuant to the Companys normal retirement policies, or in accordance with any retirement arrangement established with Executives consent with respect to Executive; provided, however, that no mandatory retirement, whether under any pension plan or in accordance with any such other retirement arrangement, shall constitute Retirement for purposes of this Agreement, unless Executive has previously consented thereto in writing. (iii) Cause. Executives employment shall cease following a Change in Control upon a good faith finding of Cause by the Board. Cause hereunder means the following: (A) Executives personal dishonesty, incompetence or willful misconduct, including but not limited to a breach of the Companys or Bancorps code of ethics or code of conduct; (B) Executives breach of fiduciary duty involving personal profit; (C) Executives intentional failure to perform Executives duties for the Company after a written demand for performance is given to Executive by the Board which demand specifically identifies the manner in which the Board believes that Executive has not performed his duties; (D) Executives willful violation of any law, rule, regulation or final cease and desist order (other than traffic violations or similar minor offenses) to the extent detrimental to the Companys business or reputation; or (E) the willful engaging by Executive in gross misconduct materially and demonstrably injurious to the Company. Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, Executive remains an at will employee of the Company and the Company can without cause terminate Executives employment prior to any Change in Control in the discretion of the Board of Directors of the Company. (iv) Resignation for Good Reason. Following a Change in Control during the Term hereof, Executive may, under the following circumstances, regard Executive's employment as being constructively terminated by the Company (and in such case Executive's employment shall terminate) and may, therefore, Resign for Good Reason within one year of Executive's discovery of the occurrence of one or more of the following events, any of which shall constitute "Good Reason" for such Resignation for Good Reason: (A) Without Executive's express written consent, an adverse change in Executives position or title, the assignment to the Executive of any duties or responsibilities inconsistent with the Executives position or removal of the Executive from or any failure to re-elect the Executive to any such positions; 

4 (B) A reduction of the Executives base salary; (C) A 20%, or greater, reduction in non-salary benefits; (D) Failure of the Company to obtain the assumption of this Agreement by any successor; or; (E) Requirement by the Company that the Executive be based anywhere other than within 40 miles of the Companys current headquarters in Novato, California (v) Notice of Termination. Any termination by the Company pursuant to subparagraphs (i), (ii) or (iii) above or by Executive pursuant to subparagraph (iv) above shall be communicated by written Notice of Termination to the other party hereto. For purposes of this Agreement, a Notice of Termination shall mean a notice which shall indicate the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon and shall set forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of Executives employment under the provision so indicated. (vi) Date of Termination. Date of Termination shall mean (A) if this Agreement is terminated for Disability, thirty days after Notice of Termination is given, (B) if Executives employment is terminated pursuant to subparagraph (iv) above, the date specified in the Notice of Termination, (C) if Executives employment is terminated for any other reason, the date on which a Notice of Termination is given (or, if a Notice of Termination is not given, the date of such termination), and (D) if Executive is entitled to compensation pursuant to paragraph 4, the date determined pursuant to such paragraph. 4. COMPENSATION DURING DISABILITY OR UPON TERMINATION. (i) If, after a Change in Control of the Company, Executive shall fail to perform his duties because of a Disability, Executive shall continue to receive his full base salary monthly at the rate then in effect until his employment is terminated pursuant to paragraph 3(i) hereof. (ii) If, after a Change in Control of the Company, Executives employment shall be terminated for Cause, the Company shall pay Executive his full base salary through the Date of Termination at the rate in effect at the time Notice of Termination is given and the Company shall have no further obligations to Executive under this Agreement. (iii) If, after a Change in Control of the Company, the Company shall terminate Executives employment (other than pursuant to paragraph 3(i) or 3(iii) hereof or by reason of death or Retirement as provided in Paragraph 3(ii)) or Executive shall terminate 

5 his employment for Good Reason, Executive shall be entitled to payments pursuant to this paragraph 4: The Company shall pay to Executive as severance pay (and without regard to the provisions of any benefit plan) in a lump sum on the fifth day following the Date of Termination, the following amounts: (x) The average salary of the Executive for the last three full years of service multiplied by Executives Seniority Factor; and (y) The Executives annual bonus for the previous year; and (z) Executives health premiums under COBRA for 18 months and Dental/Vision premiums under COBRA for 12 months. Based on Executives position as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, the Seniority Factor shall be 1.5. (iv) Executive shall not be required to mitigate the amount of any payment provided for in this Agreement by seeking other employment or otherwise, nor shall the amount of any payment provided for in this paragraph 4 be reduced by any compensation earned by Executive as the result of employment by another employer after the Date of Termination, or otherwise. (v) The provisions of this Agreement, and any payment provided for hereunder, shall not reduce any amounts otherwise payable, or in any way diminish Executives existing rights, or rights which would accrue solely as a result of the passage of time, under any employee benefit plan of the Company, any employment Agreement or other contract, plan or arrangement of the Company, except to the extent necessary to prevent double payment under any severance plan or program of the Company in effect at the Date of Termination. 5. SUCCESSORS BINDING AGREEMENT (i) The Company will require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company, by Agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Executive expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place. (ii) This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, Executives personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators, successors, heirs, distributes, devises and legatees. If Executive should die while any amounts would still be payable to Executive hereunder if Executive had continued to live, all such amounts, unless otherwise provided herein, shall be paid in accordance with the terms of this Agreement to Executives devisee, legatee or other designee or, if there be no such designee, to Executives estate. 

6 6. NO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT. In consideration of the foregoing obligations of the Company, Executive agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement and to remain in the employ of the Company during any period following any public announcement by any person of any proposed transaction or transactions which, if effected, would result in a Change in Control of the Company until a Change in Control of the Company has taken place or, in the opinion of the Board, such person has abandoned or terminated its efforts to effect a Change in Control of the Company. Subject to the foregoing including but not limited to the provisions contained in Paragraph 1 that a termination in contemplation of a Change in Control entitles Executive to the amounts provided in Section 4, nothing contained in this Agreement shall impair or interfere in any way with Executives right to terminate his employment or the right of the Company to terminate Executives employment with or without cause prior to a Change in Control of the Company. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed as a contract of employment between the Company and Executive or as a right for Executive to continue in the employ of the Company, or as a limitation of the right of the Company to discharge Executive with or without cause prior to a Change in Control of the Company. 7. NOTICE. For the purpose of this Agreement, notices and all other communications provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when delivered or mailed by United States registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to the respective addresses set forth on the last page of this Agreement, provided that all notices to the Company should be directed to the attention of the Chairman of the Companys Compensation Committee, or to such other address as either party may have furnished to the other in writing in accordance herewith, except that notices of change of address shall be effective only upon receipt. 8. FURTHER ASSURANCES. Each party hereto agrees to furnish and execute such additional forms and documents, and to take such further action, as shall be reasonable and customarily required in connection with the performance of this Agreement or the payment of benefits hereunder. 9. MISCELLANEOUS. No provision of this Agreement may be modified, waived or discharged unless such waiver, modification or discharge is agreed to in writing signed by Executive and such officer as may be specifically designated by the Board of Directors of the Company. No waiver by either party hereto at any time of any breach by the other party hereto of, or compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by such other party shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same or at any prior or subsequent time. No Agreements or representations, oral or otherwise, express or implied, with respect to the subject matter hereof have been made by either party which are not set forth expressly in this Agreement. This Agreement contains the entire Agreement among the parties and supersedes and replaces any prior Agreement between the parties concerning the subject matter hereof. The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California. 10. VALIDITY. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect. 

7 11. COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. 12. ARBITRATION. Any dispute or controversy arising or in connection with this Agreement shall, upon written request of one party to the other, be submitted to and settled exclusively by arbitration pursuant to the rules of the American Arbitration Association. Judgment may be entered on the arbitrator's award in any court of competent jurisdiction. The cost of such arbitration, including reasonable attorneys fees, shall be borne by the losing party or in such proportions as the arbitrator(s) shall decide. Arbitration shall be the exclusive remedy of Executive and the Company and the award of the arbitrator(s) shall be final and binding upon the parties. All reasonable costs, including reasonable attorneys fees, incurred in enforcing an arbitration award in court, or of seeking a court order to compel arbitration, shall be borne by the losing party in such proceedings. 13. ADVICE OF COUNSEL. Executive acknowledges that he has been encouraged to consult with legal counsel of his choosing concerning the terms of this Agreement prior to executing this Agreement. Any failure by Executive to consult with competent counsel prior to executing this Agreement shall not be a basis for rescinding or otherwise avoiding the binding effect of this Agreement. The parties acknowledge that they are entering into this Agreement freely and voluntarily, with full understanding of the terms of this Agreement. Interpretation of the terms and provisions of this Agreement shall not be construed for or against either party on the basis of the identity of the party who drafted the terms or provisions in question. 14. REDUCTION OF PAYMENT. Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing to the contrary, if the severance payment or any of the other payments provided for in this Agreement, together with any other payments which Executive has the right to receive from the Company would constitute a "parachute payment" (as defined in Section 280G(b)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or such similar set of laws (the Code)), the payments pursuant to this Agreement shall be reduced to the largest amount as will result in no portion of such payments being subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, provided, however, that the determination as to whether any reduction in the payments under this Agreement pursuant to this proviso is necessary shall be made in good faith by Perry-Smith LLP or if such firm is no longer providing tax services to Company to such other advisor as shall be mutually acceptable to Company and Executive, and such determination shall be conclusive and binding on the Company and Executive with respect to the treatment of the payment for tax reporting purposes. 

8 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written. ATTEST: BANK OF MARIN Pell Plaza 504 Redwood Boulevard, Suite 100 Novato, CA 94947 ____________________________ _____________________________ Witness President & CEO Timothy Myers THE EXECUTIVE Pell Plaza 504 Redwood Boulevard, Suite 100 Novato, CA 94947 ____________________________ _______________________________ Witness David Bonaccorso Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>bmrc-20250102.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>bmrc-20250102_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Cover [Abstract] 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Title of 12(b) Security 
Title of 12(b) Security 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>bmrc-20250102_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>a101serpbonaccorso001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>a101serpbonaccorso002.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>a101serpbonaccorso003.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>a101serpbonaccorso004.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>a101serpbonaccorso005.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>a101serpbonaccorso006.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>a101serpbonaccorso007.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>a101serpbonaccorso008.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>a101serpbonaccorso009.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>a101serpbonaccorso010.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>a101serpbonaccorso011.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>a101serpbonaccorso012.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>a101serpbonaccorso013.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>a101serpbonaccorso014.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>a102cicbonaccorso001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>a102cicbonaccorso002.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>a102cicbonaccorso003.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>a102cicbonaccorso004.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>a102cicbonaccorso005.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>a102cicbonaccorso006.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>a102cicbonaccorso007.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>a102cicbonaccorso008.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>30
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 02, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Jan. 02, 2025

Entity Registrant Name Bank of Marin Bancorp

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code CA

Entity File Number 001-33572

Entity Tax Identification Number 20-8859754

Entity Address, Address Line One 504 Redwood Blvd.

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 100

Entity Address, City or Town Novato

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 94947

City Area Code 415

Local Phone Number 763-4520

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common stock, no par value

Trading Symbol BMRC

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Entity Central Index Key 0001403475

Amendment Flag false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>31
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>32
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>33
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>35
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
0000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://www.bankofmarin.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

bmrc-20250102.htm 
bmrc-20250102.xsd 
bmrc-20250102_lab.xml 
bmrc-20250102_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>37
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>38
<FILENAME>0001403475-25-000003-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>39
<FILENAME>bmrc-20250102_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001403475 

2025-01-02 
2025-01-02 

0001403475 
false 
8-K 
2025-01-02 
Bank of Marin Bancorp 
CA 
001-33572 
20-8859754 
504 Redwood Blvd. 
Suite 100 
Novato 
CA 
94947 
415 
763-4520 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, no par value 
BMRC 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>