<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001140361-25-001946.txt : 20250127
<SEC-HEADER>0001140361-25-001946.hdr.sgml : 20250127
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250127074533
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-25-001946
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250126
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250127
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250127

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BARNWELL INDUSTRIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000010048
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				720496921
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-05103
		FILM NUMBER:		25555784

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1100 ALAKEA ST.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			HONOLULU
		STATE:			HI
		ZIP:			96813
		BUSINESS PHONE:		808-531-8400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1100 ALAKEA ST.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			HONOLULU
		STATE:			HI
		ZIP:			96813

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BMA CORP/TN
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19770324

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BARNWELL OFFSHORE INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19671101
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ef20042328_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000001004800000100482025-01-262025-01-26

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, DC 20549

FORM 8-K

Current Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):January 26, 2025

BARNWELL INDUSTRIES, INC.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

Delaware

1-5103

72-0496921

(State or other jurisdiction of Incorporation) 

(Commission File Number) 

(IRS Employer Identification No.)

1100 Alakea Street, Suite 500

Honolulu, Hawaii96813

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

(808) 531-8400

(Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code)

Not Applicable

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following
provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, $0.50 Par Value

BRN

NYSE American

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule
12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised
financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

On January 26, 2025, the Board of Directors (the Board) of Barnwell Industries, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), authorized and declared
a dividend distribution of one right (each, a Right) for each outstanding share of common stock, par value $0.50 per share, of the Company (the Common Stock). The dividend is payable to holders of record as of the close of business on February
7, 2025 (the Record Date).

Each Right entitles the registered holder thereof to purchase from the Company, when exercisable and subject to adjustment, one share of Common Stock,
at a purchase price of $9.00 per share, subject to adjustment (the Purchase Price). The description and complete terms of the Rights are set forth in a Rights Agreement (the Rights Agreement), dated as of January 26, 2025, between the Company
and Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions, LLC, as rights agent.

The following is a summary of the material terms of the Rights Agreement and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Rights
Agreement, which is attached as Exhibit 4.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated by reference herein.

Rights Certificates; Exercise Period; Term

Initially, the Rights will be attached to all certificates for shares of Common Stock then outstanding (or for book entry shares of Common Stock, the
Rights will be represented by notations in the respective book entry accounts), and no separate rights certificates (Rights Certificates) will be distributed. Subject to certain exceptions specified in the Rights Agreement, the Rights will
separate from the Common Stock and a distribution date for the Rights (the Distribution Date) will occur upon the earlier of the (i) tenth (10th) business day following a public announcement (or, if the tenth (10th) business
day after such public announcement occurs before the Record Date, the close of business on the Record Date) that a person or group of affiliated or associated persons (such person or group being an Acquiring Person), other than certain
exempt persons, has acquired beneficial ownership of twenty percent (20%) or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (including ownership of derivative securities which have an exercise or conversion privilege or a settlement payment or
mechanism at a price related to the Common Stock or a value determined in whole or part with reference to, or derived in whole or in part from, the market price or value of the Common Stock), other than as a result of (a) pre-existing beneficial
ownership in excess of the applicable threshold (in which case such person shall become an Acquiring Person if they become the beneficial owner of additional shares of Common Stock representing more than 0.25% of the outstanding shares of Common
Stock, subject to certain exceptions), (b) repurchases of shares of Common Stock or securities convertible or exchangeable into shares of Common Stock by the Company, (c) certain inadvertent acquisitions or (d) certain other situations (as
specified in the Rights Agreement) and (ii) tenth (10th) business day (or such later date as the Board may determine) following the commencement of a tender or exchange offer by any person that would result in a person or group becoming an
Acquiring Person. For purposes of the Rights Agreement, beneficial ownership is defined to include derivative securities.

Until the Distribution Date, (i) the Rights will be evidenced by the certificates for shares of Common Stock (or, for book entry shares of Common
Stock, by the notations in the respective book entry accounts) and will be transferred with, and only with, such Common Stock, (ii) new certificates for shares of Common Stock issued after the Record Date will contain a notation incorporating the
Rights Agreement by reference (for book entry shares of Common Stock, this legend will be contained in the notations in book entry accounts) and (iii) the surrender for transfer of any outstanding shares of Common Stock will also constitute the
transfer of the Rights associated with such Common Stock.

The Rights are not exercisable until the Distribution Date and, subject to the shareholders of the Company approving an extension of the Rights
Agreement through a date on or prior to January 26, 2028, will expire at the close of business on January 26, 2026, unless the Rights are earlier redeemed, exchanged or terminated.

As soon as practicable after the Distribution Date, Rights Certificates will be mailed to holders of record of shares of Common Stock (or notices will
be provided to holders of book entry shares of Common Stock) as of the close of business on the Distribution Date and, thereafter, the separate Rights Certificates alone will represent the Rights. Except as otherwise determined by the Board, only
shares of Common Stock issued prior to the Distribution Date will be issued with the Rights.

Change of Exercise of Rights Following Certain Events

The following described events are referred to as Triggering Events.

(a) Flip-In Event. In the event that a person or group of affiliated or
associated persons becomes an Acquiring Person, each holder of a Right will thereafter have the right to receive, upon exercise and payment of the Purchase Price, one share of Common Stock per Right. Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, following
the occurrence of a person becoming an Acquiring Person, all Rights that are, or (under certain circumstances specified in the Rights Agreement) were, beneficially owned by any Acquiring Person (or by certain related parties) will be null and void
and any holder of such Rights (including any purported transferee or subsequent holder) will be unable to exercise or transfer any such Rights. However, Rights are not exercisable following the occurrence of a person becoming an Acquiring Person
until the Distribution Date.

(b) Flip-Over Events. In the event that, at any time after a person has
become an Acquiring Person, (i) the Company engages in a merger or other business combination transaction in which the Company is not the continuing or surviving corporation, (ii) the Company engages in a merger or other business combination
transaction in which the Company is the continuing or surviving corporation and the shares of Common Stock of the Company are changed or exchanged, or (iii) fifty percent (50%) or more of the Companys assets, cash flow, or earning power is sold or
transferred, each holder of a Right (except Rights that have previously been voided as set forth above) shall thereafter have the right to receive, upon exercise and payment of the Purchase Price, one share of the common stock (or substantially
equivalent voting equity securities) of the acquiring company per Right.

Redemption

At any time until the earlier of (i) ten (10) business days following public announcement that an Acquiring Person has become such (the Stock
Acquisition Date) (or, if the Stock Acquisition Date shall have occurred prior to the Record Date, ten (10) business days following the Record Date) or (ii) the expiration of the Rights Agreement, the Board may direct the Company to redeem all but
not less than all of the then outstanding Rights, at a price of $0.001 per Right (payable in cash or other consideration deemed appropriate by the Board), subject to adjustment as provided in the Rights Agreement (the Redemption Price).
Immediately upon the action of the Board directing the Company to redeem the Rights, the Rights will terminate and the only right of the holders of Rights will be to receive the Redemption Price. The Rights may only be exercised once the Companys
right to redeem the Rights has expired.

Exchange of Rights

At any time after a person or group of affiliated or associated persons becomes an Acquiring Person but before any person acquires beneficial ownership
of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, the Board may direct the Company to exchange the Rights (other than Rights owned by such person or certain related parties, which will have become null and void and
non-transferable as described above), in whole or in part, at an exchange ratio of one share of Common Stock per Right (subject to adjustment). If there are insufficient authorized shares of Common Stock to effect an exchange of the Rights, the
Company may substitute cash, other securities having equivalent rights, preferences, and privileges to the shares of Common Stock, debt securities, other assets or any combination of the foregoing having a value equal to one share of Common Stock
in lieu of shares of Common Stock. Immediately upon the action of the Board directing the Company to exchange the Rights, the Rights will terminate and the only right of the holders of Rights will be to receive the number of shares of Common Stock
(or cash, other equivalent securities, debt securities or other assets) equal to the number of Rights held by such holder multiplied by the exchange ratio.

Certain Adjustments

In order to preserve the actual or potential economic value of the Rights, the number of shares of Common Stock or other securities issuable upon
exercise of the Rights and the number of Rights associated with each outstanding share of Common Stock are all subject to adjustment by the Board pursuant to certain customary anti-dilution provisions.

No Shareholder Rights Prior to Exercise

Until a Right is exercised, the holder thereof, as such, will have no rights as a shareholder of the Company, including, without limitation, the right
to vote or to receive dividends.

Amendment of Rights Agreement

Subject to certain exceptions specified in the Rights Agreement, for so long as the Rights are then redeemable, the terms of the Rights and the Rights
Agreement may be amended without the approval of any holders of Rights. Subject to certain exceptions specified in the Rights Agreement, after the Rights are no longer redeemable, the provisions of the Rights Agreement may be amended by the
Company, without the approval of any holder of Rights, including to shorten or lengthen any time period under the Rights Agreement, so long as no such amendment (a) adversely affects the interests of the holders of the Rights as such, (b) causes
the Rights Agreement to become amendable other than as already provided in the Rights Agreement or (c) causes the Rights to again become redeemable.

Certain Anti-Takeover Effects; Miscellaneous

The Rights are not intended to prevent a takeover of the Company and should not interfere with any merger or other business combination approved by the
Board. However, the Rights may cause substantial dilution to a person or group of affiliated or associated persons that acquires beneficial ownership of twenty percent (20%) or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (existing holders owning
twenty percent (20%) or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock will only trigger the rights plan if they become the beneficial owner of additional shares of Common Stock following the date of adoption that represent more than 0.25% of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock, subject to certain exceptions). As a result, the overall effect of the Rights may be to render more difficult or discourage a change of the Companys investment advisor or a merger, tender offer, or other
business combination involving the Company that is not supported by the Board.

A copy of the Rights Agreement is available free of charge from the Company. This summary description of the Rights does not purport to be complete and
is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Rights Agreement, a copy of which has been filed as Exhibit 4.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated by reference herein. See also the Companys press release,
dated January 27, 2025, which is filed with this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated by reference herein.

Item 3.03 

Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders

See the description set out under Item 1.01 - Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement, which is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.03.

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) 

Exhibits

Exhibit No. 

Description

4.1 

Rights Agreement, dated as of January 26, 2025, by and between Barnwell Industries, Inc. and Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions, LLC, as rights agent, which includes as Exhibit
A the Form of Right Certificate.

99.1 

Press release dated January 27, 2025.

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Dated: January 27, 2025

BARNWELL INDUSTRIES, INC.

By: 

/s/ Russell M. Gifford

Name: 

Russell M. Gifford

Title: 

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ef20042328_ex4-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

BARNWELL INDUSTRIES, INC.,

as the Company

and

BROADRIDGE CORPORATE ISSUER SOLUTIONS, LLC,

as Rights Agent

RIGHTS AGREEMENT

Dated as of January 26, 2025

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

Section 1. 

Definitions 

1

Section 2. 

Appointment of Rights Agent 6

Section 3. 

Issue of Right Certificates 

7

Section 4. 

Form of Right Certificates 9

Section 5. 

Countersignature and Registration 

10

Section 6. 

Transfer, Split Up, Combination and Exchange of Right Certificates; Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Right Certificates 

11

Section 7. 

Exercise of Rights; Purchase Price; Expiration Date of Rights 

12

Section 8. 

Cancellation and Destruction of Right Certificates 

15

Section 9. 

Reservation and Availability of Common Stock 

15

Section 10. 

Common Stock Record Date 

16

Section 11. 

Adjustment of Number of Shares or Number of Rights 

17

Section 12. 

Certificate of Adjusted Number of Shares 

21

Section 13. 

Consolidation, Merger or Sale or Transfer of Assets or Earning Power. 

22

Section 14. 

Fractional Rights and Fractional Shares. 

25

Section 15. 

Rights of Action 

26

Section 16. 

Agreement of Right Holders 

26

Section 17. 

Right Certificate Holder Not Deemed a Shareholder 

27

Section 18. 

Concerning the Rights Agent 

27

Section 19. 

Merger or Consolidation or Change of Name of Rights Agent 

28

Section 20. 

Duties of Rights Agent 

29

Section 21. 

Change of Rights Agent 

33

Section 22. 

Issuance of New Right Certificates 

33

Section 23. 

Redemption 

34

Section 24. 

Exchange 

35

Section 25. 

Notice of Certain Events 

37

Section 26. 

Notices 

37

Section 27. 

Supplements and Amendments 

38

Section 28. 

Successors 

39

Section 29. 

Determinations and Actions by the Board, etc 

39

i

Section 30. 

Benefits of this Agreement 

39

Section 31. 

Severability 

40

Section 32. 

Governing Law; Venue 

40

Section 33. 

Counterparts 

40

Section 34. 

Descriptive Headings 

40

Section 35. 

Force Majeure 

40

Section 36. 

PATRIOT Act 

40

Section 37. 

Rules of Construction 

41

ii

This Rights Agreement (this Agreement), dated as of January 26, 2025
(the Effective Date), is made by and between Barnwell Industries, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company),

and Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions, LLC, as rights agent (the Rights Agent).

The Board of Directors of the Company (the Board) has authorized and
declared a dividend of one (1) Right for each share of Common Stock (as hereinafter defined) of the Company outstanding on February 7, 2025 (the Record Date), each Right
representing the right to purchase one (1) share of Common Stock, upon the terms and subject to the conditions herein set forth (a Right), and has further authorized and
directed the issuance of one Right with respect to each share of Common Stock that shall become outstanding between the Record Date and the earliest of the Distribution Date, the Redemption Date and the Final Expiration Date (as such terms are
hereinafter defined).

Accordingly, in consideration of the premises and the mutual agreements herein set forth, the parties hereby agree as follows:

Section 1. Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings indicated:

(a) Acquiring Person shall mean any Person who or which, together with all Affiliates and Associates of such Person, shall be the Beneficial Owner of 20% or more of the shares of Common Stock of the
Company then outstanding, but shall not include (i) the Company, (ii) any Subsidiary of the Company, or (iii) any employee benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, or any entity holding shares of Common Stock for or pursuant to
the terms of any such plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Person shall become an Acquiring Person as the result of an acquisition of shares of Common Stock by the
Company which, by reducing the number of shares of Common Stock of the Company outstanding, increases the proportionate number of shares of Common Stock of the Company Beneficially Owned by such Person to 20% or more of the shares of Common Stock
of the Company then outstanding; provided, however, that, if a Person shall become the
Beneficial Owner of 20% or more of the shares of Common Stock of the Company then outstanding by reason of share purchases by the Company and shall, after the public announcement of such share purchases by the Company, become the Beneficial Owner
of any additional shares of Common Stock of the Company, then such Person shall be deemed to be an Acquiring Person. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if (i) the Board
determines in good faith that a Person who would otherwise be an Acquiring Person, as defined pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this paragraph (a), has become such
inadvertently, and such Person divests as promptly as practicable a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock so that such Person would no longer be an Acquiring Person,

as defined pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this paragraph (a), or (ii) if a Person, together with all Affiliates and Associates of such Person, becomes the Beneficial Owner of 20% or more of the shares of Common Stock of the Company then
outstanding solely as a result of such Persons entering into an agreement, arrangement or understanding (including an irrevocable proxy or consent) whereby such Person obtains the right to vote such shares of Common Stock and prior to the time
such agreement, arrangement or understanding is entered into the Board has approved in advance either (x) a merger, consolidation or similar transaction to which such Person or an Affiliate of such Person is a party or (y) such agreement,
arrangement or understanding with such Person, then in either case such Person shall not be deemed to be an Acquiring Person for any purposes of this Agreement; provided, however, that if after such permitted acquisition, such Person, together with all
Affiliates and Associates of such Person, becomes the Beneficial Owner of any additional shares of Common Stock of the Company not so approved in advance by the Board which, together with all shares of Common Stock of the Company Beneficially Owned
by the Person, together with all Affiliates or Associates of such Person, totals 20% or more of the shares of Common Stock then outstanding, then such Person shall be deemed to be an Acquiring Person. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a bona fide
swaps dealer who would otherwise be an Acquiring Person has become so as a result of its actions in the ordinary course of its business that the Board determines, in its
sole discretion, were taken without the intent or effect of evading or assisting any other Person to evade the purposes and intent of this Agreement, or otherwise seeking to control or influence the management or policies of the Company, then, and
unless and until the Board shall otherwise determine, such Person shall not be deemed to be an Acquiring Person for any purposes of this Agreement. No Person shall be
considered an Acquiring Person if such Person is the Beneficial Owner, as of the time of the first public announcement of the adoption of this Agreement (including any shares Beneficial Ownership of which is acquired on the date of announcement
pursuant to orders placed prior to becoming aware of such announcement), of 20%, or more of shares of Common Stock then outstanding (it being agreed and understood that such Person shall collectively include Ned. L Sherwood, MRMP-Managers LLC, and
Ned L. Sherwood Revocable Trust, Beneficially Owning 3,006,033.138 shares of Common Stock, as reported on Amendment No. 34 to such groups Statement of Beneficial Ownership on Schedule 13D, filed on January 21, 2025), unless and until such Person
shall, after the time of such first public announcement of the adoption of this Agreement, become the Beneficial Owner of additional shares of Common Stock representing 0.25% or more of the shares of Common Stock then outstanding (other than
pursuant to any Common Stock acquired through the Companys approved employee benefits plan or any other director compensation or plan), other than at a time when such Person is the Beneficial Owner of less than 20% of the outstanding shares of
Common Stock; provided that such acquisition does not cause such Person to then become the Beneficial Owner of 20% or more of the shares of Common Stock then outstanding.

1

(b) Act shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (or any comparable or successor law or regulation).

(c) Adjustment Shares shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11(a)(ii) hereof.

(d) Affiliate shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Rule 12b-2 of the General Rules and Regulations under the Exchange Act.

(e) Associate shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Rule 12b-2 of the General Rules and Regulations under the Exchange Act.

(f) A Person shall be deemed the Beneficial Owner of and shall be deemed to Beneficially Own any securities:

(i) which such Person or any of such
Persons Affiliates or Associates, directly or indirectly, beneficially owns (as determined pursuant to the General Rules and Regulations under the Exchange Act);

(ii) which such Person or any of such
Persons Affiliates or Associates has (A) the right or the obligation to acquire (whether such right is exercisable, or such obligation is required to be performed, immediately or only after the passage of time) pursuant to any agreement,
arrangement or understanding (whether or not in writing) (other than customary agreements with and between underwriters and selling group members with respect to a bona fide
public offering of securities), or upon the exercise of conversion rights, exchange rights, rights (other than these Rights), warrants or options, or otherwise; provided,
however, that a Person shall not be deemed the Beneficial Owner of, or to Beneficially Own, (1) securities tendered pursuant to a tender or exchange offer made by or on
behalf of such Person or any of such Persons Affiliates or Associates until such tendered securities are accepted for purchase or exchange, (2) securities issuable upon exercise of Rights at any time prior to the occurrence of a Triggering Event,
or (3) securities issuable upon exercise of Rights from and after the occurrence of a Triggering Event which Rights were acquired by such Person or any of such Persons Affiliates or Associates prior to the Distribution Date or pursuant to Section
3(a) or Section 22 hereof (the Original Rights) or pursuant to Section 11(a)(i) hereof in connection with an adjustment made with respect to any Original Rights; or (B)
the right to vote (or direct the vote of) or dispose (or direct the disposition) of, including pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding (whether or not in writing); provided,
however, that a Person shall not be deemed the Beneficial Owner of, or to Beneficially Own, any security if such agreement, arrangement or understanding to vote such
security (1) arises solely from a revocable proxy or consent given to such Person in response to a public proxy or consent solicitation made pursuant to, and in accordance with, the applicable rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange
Act and (2) is not also then reportable on Schedule 13D or Schedule 13G under the Exchange Act (or any comparable or successor report);

(iii) which are beneficially owned,
directly or indirectly, by any other Person with which such Person or any of such Persons Affiliates or Associates has any agreement, arrangement or understanding (whether or not in writing) (other than customary agreements with and between
underwriters and selling group members with respect to a bona fide public offering of securities) for the purpose of acquiring, holding, voting (except to the extent
contemplated by the proviso in Section 1(f)(ii) hereof) or disposing of any securities of the Company; or

(iv) in respect of which such Person or
any of such Persons Affiliates or Associates has a Synthetic Long Position;

Notwithstanding anything in this definition of Beneficial Ownership to the contrary, the phrase then outstanding, when used with reference to a
Persons Beneficial Ownership of securities of the Company, shall mean the number of such securities then actually issued and outstanding together with the number of such securities not then actually issued and outstanding which such Person would
be deemed to Beneficially Own hereunder.

2

(g) Board shall have the meaning set forth in the second paragraph hereof.

(h) Business Day shall mean any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday, or a day on which NYSE or banking institutions in the City of New York, State of New York, are authorized or obligated by law or
executive order to close.

(i) Close of Business on any given date shall mean 5:00 P.M., New York City time, on such date; provided, however, that, if such date is not a Business Day, it shall mean 5:00 P.M., New York City time, on the next succeeding Business Day.

(j) Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or any successor provision or replacement provision.

(k) Common Stock when used with reference to the Company shall mean the shares of common stock, par value $0.50 per share, of the Company. Common

Stock when used with reference to any Person other than the Company shall mean the capital stock (or equity interest) with the greatest voting power of such other Person or, if such other Person is a Subsidiary of another Person,
the Person or Persons which ultimately control such first-mentioned Person.

(l) Company shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble.

(m) Current Market Price of any security on any date shall mean the average of the daily closing prices per share of such security for the thirty (30) consecutive Trading Days (as defined below)
immediately prior to, but not including, such date; provided, however, that in the event that the Current Market Price of such security is determined during a period following the announcement by the issuer of such security of (i) a dividend or
distribution on such security payable in shares of such security or securities convertible into such shares (other than the Rights); or (ii) any subdivision, combination or reclassification of such security, and prior to the expiration of the
requisite thirty (30) Trading Day period after but not including the ex-dividend date for such dividend or distribution or the record date for such subdivision, combination or reclassification, then, in each such case, the Current Market Price
shall be appropriately adjusted to take into account ex-dividend trading, as determined in good faith by the Board, whose determination shall be described in a statement delivered to the Rights Agent and shall be conclusive for all purposes. If on
any such date no market maker is making a market in such security or such security is not publicly held or not listed or traded, the Current Market Price shall mean the fair value per share as determined in good faith by the Board, whose
determination shall be described in a statement filed with the Rights Agent and shall be conclusive for all purposes.

(n) Current Value shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11(a)(iii) hereof.

(o) Distribution Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(a) hereof.

(p) Equivalent Common Stock shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11(a)(iii) hereof.

3

(q) Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and in effect on the date of this Agreement (or any comparable or successor law or regulation).

(r) Exchange Ratio shall have the meaning set forth in Section 24(a) hereof.

(s) Expected Payment Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(c) hereof.

(t) Expiration Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(a) hereof.

(u) Final Expiration Date shall mean the first (1st) anniversary date of this Agreement, unless this Agreement is approved by the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast of the
Companys capital stock represented and entitled to vote thereon, provided a quorum is present, at a stockholders meeting on or prior to such anniversary date, in which case the Final Expiration Date shall be not later than the third (3rd)
anniversary date of this Agreement.

(v) Nasdaq shall mean The Nasdaq Global Market LLC or any of its listing venues.

(w) NYSE shall mean NYSE American LLC.

(x) Person shall mean any individual, partnership, firm, corporation, limited liability company, association, trust (including a trust qualified under Sections 401(a) or 501(c)(17) of the Code), a
portion of a trust permanently set aside for or to be used exclusively for the purposes described in Section 642(c) of the Code, association, private foundation within the meaning of Section 509(a) of the Code, joint stock company, unincorporated
organization or other entity, and shall include any successor (by merger or otherwise) of such entity, as well as any group under Rule 13d-5(b)(1) of the Exchange Act.

(y) Principal Party shall have the meaning set forth in Section 13(b) hereof.

(z) Purchase Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(a) hereof.

(aa) Record Date shall have the meaning set forth in the second paragraph hereof.

(bb) Redemption Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(a) hereof.

(cc) Redemption Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 23(a) hereof.

(dd) Right shall have the meaning set forth in the second paragraph hereof.

(ee) Right Certificate shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(a) hereof.

(ff) Rights Agent shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble.

(gg) Section 11(a)(ii) Event shall mean any event described in Section 11(a)(ii) hereof.

(hh) Section 11(a)(ii) Trigger Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11(a)(iii) hereof.

4

(ii) Section 13 Event shall mean any event described in clauses (x), (y) or (z) of Section 13(a) hereof.

(jj) Shares Acquisition Date shall mean the first date of public announcement (which, for purposes of this definition, shall include, without limitation, a report filed or amended pursuant to Section
13(d) and/or Section 13(g) under the Exchange Act) by the Company or an Acquiring Person indicating that an Acquiring Person has become such, or such earlier date as the Board shall become aware of the existence of an Acquiring Person; provided, that if such Person is determined by the Board not to be or have become an Acquiring Person, then no Shares Acquisition Date shall be deemed to have occurred.

(kk) Signature Guarantee shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6 hereof.

(ll) Spread shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11(a)(iii) hereof.

(mm) Subsidiary of any Person shall mean any corporation or other entity of which a majority of the voting power of the voting equity securities or equity interest is Beneficially Owned, directly or
indirectly, by such Person.

(nn) Substitution Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11(a)(iii).

(oo) Summary of Rights shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(b) hereof.

(pp) Synthetic Long Position shall mean, with respect to any security, any option, swap, warrant, convertible security, stock appreciation right or other contractual right, whether or not presently
exercisable, which has an exercise or conversion privilege or a settlement payment or mechanism at a price related to such security or a value determined in whole or part with reference to, or derived in whole or in part from, the market price or
value of such security (without regard to whether such instrument or right (i) conveys any voting power to such Person or any Affiliate or Associate thereof, or (ii) is required to be, or capable of being, settled through delivery of such
securities) and which increases in value as the value of such security increases or which provides to the holder of such instrument or right an opportunity, directly or indirectly, to profit or share in any profit derived from any increase in the
value of such security, but shall not include interests in broad-based index options, broad-based index futures, and broad-based publicly traded market baskets of stocks approved for trading by the appropriate federal governmental authority. The
number of securities in respect of which a Person has a Synthetic Long Position shall be the notional or other number of securities specified in the documentation evidencing the Synthetic Long Position as being subject to be acquired upon the
exercise or settlement of the applicable right or as the basis upon which the value or settlement amount of such right, or the opportunity of the holder of such right to profit or share in any profit, is to be calculated in whole or in part or, if
no such number of securities is specified in such filing or documentation, as determined by the Board in good faith to be the number of securities to which the Synthetic Long Position relates.

5

(qq) Trading Day shall mean a day on which the principal national securities exchange on which the shares of Common Stock or other referenced securities are listed or admitted to trading is open for the
transaction of business, or, if the shares of Common Stock or other referenced securities are not listed or admitted to trading on any national securities exchange, a Business Day.

(rr) Triggering Event shall mean any Section 11(a)(ii) Event or any Section 13 Event.

(ss) Trust shall have the meaning set forth in Section 24(e).

(tt) Trust Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in Section 24(e).

Section 2. Appointment of Rights Agent. The Company hereby appoints the Rights Agent to act as agent for the Company in accordance with the express terms and conditions set forth herein (and no implied terms or conditions), and
the Rights Agent hereby accepts such appointment. The Company may from time to time appoint such co-rights agents as it may deem necessary or desirable (the term Rights Agent being used herein to refer, collectively, to the Rights Agent together
with any such co-Rights Agents), upon ten (10) days prior written notice to the Rights Agent. In the event the Company appoints one or more co-rights agents, the respective duties of the Rights Agent and any co-rights agents under the provisions of
this Agreement shall be as the Company shall reasonably determine, provided that such duties are consistent with the terms and conditions of this Agreement and that contemporaneously with such appointment the Company will notify, in writing, the
Rights Agent and any co-rights agents of such respective duties. The Rights Agent shall have no duty to supervise, and shall in no event be liable for, the acts or omissions of any such co-rights agents.

6

Section 3. Issue of Right Certificates.

(a) Until the earlier of (i) the Close of
Business on the tenth (10th) Business Day after the Shares Acquisition Date (or, if the tenth (10th) Business Day after the Shares Acquisition Date occurs before the Record Date, the Close of Business on the Record Date), or
(ii) the Close of Business on the tenth Business Day (or such later date as the Board shall determine before such Person becomes an Acquiring Person) after the date that a tender or exchange offer by any Person (other than the Company, any
Subsidiary of the Company, any employee benefit plan or compensation arrangement of the Company or of any Subsidiary of the Company, or any Person or entity organized, appointed or established by the Company for or pursuant to the terms of any such
plan) is first published or sent or given within the meaning of Rule 14d-2(a) of the General Rules and Regulations under the Exchange Act, if upon consummation thereof, such Person would be the Beneficial Owner of 20% or more of the shares of
Common Stock then outstanding (or if such tenth Business Day occurs before the Record Date, the Close of Business on the Record Date) (the earlier of (i) and (ii) being herein referred to as the Distribution Date), (x) the Rights, unless earlier expired, redeemed or terminated, will be evidenced (subject to the provisions of Section 3(b) hereof) by the certificates for shares of Common Stock of the Company
registered in the names of the holders thereof (which certificates shall also be deemed to be Right Certificates) and not by separate Right Certificates, and Rights associated with any uncertificated shares of Common Stock will be evidenced
(subject to the provisions of Section 3(d) hereof) by the registration of such shares of Common Stock in the Companys share register in the names of the holders thereof (which registration shall also be deemed to be registration of ownership of
the associated Rights) and not by separate Right Certificates, and (y) the right to receive Right Certificates will be transferable only in connection with the transfer of shares of Common Stock of the Company; provided, however, that if a tender or exchange offer is terminated prior to the occurrence of a Distribution Date, then
no Distribution Date shall occur as a result of such tender or exchange offer. As soon as practicable after the Distribution Date, the Company will prepare and execute, and upon the written request of the Company, the Rights Agent will countersign
(in manual, facsimile, or other electronic form), and the Company will send or cause to be sent (and the Rights Agent will, if requested and provided with all relevant information and documents, in the discretion of the Rights Agent, at the expense
of the Company, send or cause to be sent), to each record holder of shares of Common Stock of the Company as of the Close of Business on the Distribution Date, at the address of such holder shown on the records of the Company or the transfer agent
or registrar for the Common Stock, a Right Certificate, in substantially the form of Exhibit A hereto (a Right

Certificate), evidencing one Right for each share of Common Stock so held, subject to adjustment as provided herein. As of the Distribution Date, the Rights will be evidenced solely by such Right Certificates. The Company shall, as
promptly as practicable, notify the Rights Agent in writing upon the occurrence of the Distribution Date and, if such notification is given orally, the Company shall confirm same in writing on or prior to the Business Day next following. Until such
notice is received by the Rights Agent, the Rights Agent may presume conclusively for all purposes that the Distribution Date has not occurred.

(b) The Company will make available, as
promptly as practicable following the Record Date, a copy of the Summary of Rights to Purchase Common Stock, in substantially the form of Exhibit B hereto (the Summary of Rights), to any holder of Rights who may so request from time to time prior to the Expiration Date. With respect to certificates for shares of Common Stock of the
Company outstanding as of the Record Date, or issued subsequent to the Record Date, unless and until the Distribution Date shall occur, the Rights will be evidenced by such certificates registered in the names of the holders thereof together with a
copy of the Summary of Rights attached thereto. With respect to uncertificated shares of Common Stock outstanding as of the Close of Business on the Record Date, unless and until the Distribution Date shall occur, the Rights will be evidenced by
the registration of such shares of Common Stock in the Companys share register in the names of the holders thereof. Until the earlier of the Distribution Date or the Final Expiration Date, the surrender for transfer of any certificate for shares
of Common Stock of the Company outstanding on the Record Date, with or without a copy of the Summary of Rights attached thereto, shall also constitute the surrender for transfer of the Rights associated with the shares of Common Stock of the
Company represented thereby, and the registration of transfer of ownership of any uncertificated shares of Common Stock in respect of which Rights have been issued shall also constitute the transfer of the Rights associated with the shares of
Common Stock the ownership of which is so transferred. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, upon the effectiveness of a redemption pursuant to Section 23 hereof or an exchange pursuant to Section 24 hereof, the
Company shall not thereafter issue any additional Rights and, for the avoidance of doubt, no Rights shall be attached to or shall be issued with any shares of Common Stock (including any shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to an exchange) at any
time thereafter.

7

(c) Rights shall be issued in respect of
all shares of Common Stock outstanding as of the Record Date or issued after the Record Date but prior to the earlier of the Distribution Date and the Expiration Date. In addition, in connection with the issuance or sale of shares of Common Stock
following the Distribution Date and prior to the Expiration Date, the Company (x) shall, with respect to shares of Common Stock so issued or sold (A) pursuant to the exercise of stock options or under any employee plan or arrangement or (B) upon
the exercise, conversion or exchange of other securities issued by the Company or by any Subsidiary or Affiliate or Associate of the Company prior to the Distribution Date and (y) may, in any other case, if deemed necessary or appropriate by the
Board, issue Right Certificates representing the appropriate number of Rights in connection with such issuance or sale.

(d) Certificates issued for shares of
Common Stock after the Record Date but prior to the earlier of the Distribution Date or the Expiration Date shall have impressed on, printed on, written on or otherwise affixed to them a legend in substantially the following form:

This certificate also evidences and entitles the holder hereof to certain rights as set forth in an Agreement between Barnwell Industries, Inc. and
Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions, LLC, as Rights Agent, dated as of January 26, 2025, as it may be amended from time to time (the Agreement), the terms of which are
hereby incorporated herein by reference and a copy of which is on file at the principal executive offices of Barnwell Industries, Inc. Under certain circumstances, as set forth in the Agreement, such Rights (as defined in the Agreement) will be
evidenced by separate certificates and will no longer be evidenced by this certificate. Barnwell Industries, Inc. will mail to the holder of record of this certificate a copy of the Agreement without charge after receipt of a written request
therefor. As set forth in the Agreement, Rights Beneficially Owned by any Person (as defined in the Agreement) who becomes an Acquiring Person (as defined in the Agreement) become null and void. The Rights shall not be exercisable, and shall be
void, so long as held by a holder in any jurisdiction where the requisite qualification to the issuance to such holder, or the exercise by such holder, of the Rights in such jurisdiction shall not have been obtained or be obtainable.

In the case of the initial transaction statement or subsequent periodic statements with respect to uncertificated shares of Common Stock, such
statements shall bear a legend in substantially the following form:

8

The registration in the share register of Barnwell Industries, Inc. of the shares of Common Stock to which this statement relates also evidences and
entitles the registered holder of such shares to certain rights as set forth in an Agreement between Barnwell Industries, Inc. and Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions, LLC, as Rights Agent, dated as of January 26, 2025, as it may be amended from
time to time (the Agreement), the terms of which are hereby incorporated herein by reference and a copy of which is on file at the principal executive offices of
Barnwell Industries, Inc.. Under certain circumstances, as set forth in the Agreement, such Rights (as defined in the Agreement) will be evidenced by separate certificates and will no longer be evidenced by such registration. Barnwell Industries,
Inc. will mail to the registered holder of such shares a copy of the Agreement without charge after receipt of a written request therefor. As set forth in the Agreement, Rights Beneficially Owned by any Person (as defined in the Agreement) who
becomes an Acquiring Person (as defined in the Agreement) become null and void. The Rights shall not be exercisable, and shall be void, so long as held by a holder in any jurisdiction where the requisite qualification to the issuance to such
holder, or the exercise by such holder, of the Rights in such jurisdiction shall not have been obtained or be obtainable.

With respect to such certificates and transaction statements containing the applicable foregoing legend, until the Distribution Date, the Rights associated with the
shares of Common Stock of the Company represented by such certificates or registrations in the share register shall be evidenced by such certificates or registrations alone, and the surrender for transfer of any such certificate or registration of
transfer of ownership of such uncertificated shares of Common Stock of the Company shall also constitute the transfer of the Rights associated with the shares of Common Stock of the Company represented thereby. In the event that the Company
purchases or acquires any shares of Common Stock of the Company after the Record Date but prior to the Distribution Date, any Rights associated with such shares of Common Stock of the Company shall be deemed cancelled and retired so that the
Company shall not be entitled to exercise any Rights associated with the shares of Common Stock of the Company which are no longer outstanding. Notwithstanding this Section 3(d), the omission of a legend shall not affect the enforceability of any
part of this Agreement or the rights of any holder of the Rights.

Section 4. Form of Right Certificates.

(a) The Right Certificates (and the forms
of election to purchase shares of Common Stock and of assignment to be printed on the reverse thereof), when, as and if issued, shall each be substantially the same as Exhibit A
hereto, and may have such marks of identification or designation and such legends, summaries or endorsements printed thereon as the Company may deem appropriate (but which do not affect the rights, duties or responsibilities of the Rights Agent)
and as are not inconsistent with the provisions of this Agreement, or as may be required to comply with any applicable law or with any applicable rule or regulation made pursuant thereto or with any applicable rule or regulation of any stock
exchange or the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, or to conform to usage. Subject to the provisions of Section 11 and Section 22 hereof, the Right Certificates evidencing the Rights, whenever issued, on their face shall entitle the holders
thereof to purchase such number of shares of Common Stock as shall be set forth therein at the price per share of Common Stock set forth therein (the Purchase Price),
but the number of such shares of Common Stock shall be subject to adjustment as provided herein.

9

(b) Any Right Certificate representing
Rights beneficially owned by: (i) an Acquiring Person or any Associate or Affiliate of an Acquiring Person, (ii) a transferee of an Acquiring Person (or of any such Associate or Affiliate) who becomes a transferee after the Acquiring Person becomes
such, or (iii) a transferee of an Acquiring Person (or of any such Associate or Affiliate) who becomes a transferee prior to or concurrently with the Acquiring Person becoming such and receives such Rights pursuant to either (A) a transfer (whether
or not for consideration) from the Acquiring Person to holders of equity interests in such Acquiring Person or to any Person with whom such Acquiring Person has any continuing agreement, arrangement or understanding regarding the transferred Rights
or (B) a transfer which the Board determines is part of an agreement, plan, arrangement or understanding which has as a primary purpose or effect the avoidance of Section 7(e) hereof, and any Right Certificate issued pursuant to Section 6 or
Section 11 hereof upon transfer, exchange, replacement or adjustment of any other Right Certificate referred to in this sentence, shall contain (to the extent feasible) a legend in substantially the following form:

The Rights represented by this Right Certificate are or were beneficially owned by a Person who was or became an Acquiring Person or an Affiliate or
Associate of an Acquiring Person (as such terms are defined in the Rights Agreement). Accordingly, this Right Certificate and the Rights represented hereby may be or may become null and void in the circumstances specified in Section 7(e) of such
Agreement.

The failure to print the foregoing legend on any such Right Certificate or any defect therein shall not affect in any manner whatsoever the application or
interpretation of the provisions of Section 7(e) hereof. The Company shall give written notice to the Rights Agent promptly after the Company becomes aware of the existence and identity of any Acquiring Person or any Associate or Affiliate thereof.

Section 5. Countersignature and Registration. The Right Certificates shall be executed on behalf of the Company by its Chairman of the Board, its Chief Executive Officer, its Chief Operating Officer, its President, or any of its
Vice Presidents, either manually or by facsimile signature or electronic, shall have affixed thereto the Companys seal or a facsimile or electronic copy thereof, and shall be attested by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company,
either manually or by facsimile signature. The Right Certificates shall be countersigned, either manually, by facsimile signature, or by other customary means of electronic transmission, by the Rights Agent and shall not be valid for any purpose
unless countersigned. In case any officer of the Company who shall have signed any of the Right Certificates shall cease to be such officer of the Company before countersignature by the Rights Agent and issuance and delivery by the Company, such
Right Certificates, nevertheless, may be countersigned by the Rights Agent and issued and delivered by the Company with the same force and effect as though the individual who signed such Right Certificates had not ceased to be such officer of the
Company; and any Right Certificate may be signed on behalf of the Company by any individual who, at the actual date of the execution of such Right Certificate, shall be a proper officer of the Company to sign such Right Certificate, although at the
date of the execution of this Agreement any such individual was not such an officer.

Following the Distribution Date and receipt by the Rights Agent of written notice to that effect and all other information required for the Rights
Agent to perform its obligations under this Agreement, the Rights Agent will keep or cause to be kept, at an office or offices designated for such purpose, books for registration and transfer of the Right Certificates issued hereunder. Such books
shall show the names and addresses of the respective holders of the Right Certificates, the number of Rights evidenced on its face by each of the Right Certificates and the date of each of the Right Certificates.

10

Section 6. Transfer, Split Up, Combination and Exchange of Right Certificates; Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Right Certificates. Subject to the provisions of Section 4(b), Section 7(e), and Section 14 hereof, at any time
after the Close of Business on the Distribution Date and at or prior to the Close of Business on the Expiration Date, any Right Certificate or Right Certificates (other than Right Certificates representing Rights that have become null and void
pursuant to Section 11(a)(ii) hereof or that have been exchanged pursuant to Section 24 hereof) may be transferred, split up, combined or exchanged for another Right Certificate or Right Certificates entitling the registered holder to purchase a
like number of shares of Common Stock as the Right Certificate or Right Certificates surrendered then entitled such holder to purchase. Any registered holder desiring to transfer, split up, combine or exchange any Right Certificate or Right
Certificates shall make such request in writing delivered to the Rights Agent, and shall surrender (together with any required form of assignment duly executed and properly completed) the Right Certificate or Right Certificates to be transferred,
split up, combined or exchanged at the office or offices of the Rights Agent designated for such purpose accompanied by a signature guarantee from an eligible guarantor institution participating in a signature guarantee program approved by the
Securities Transfer Association (a Signature Guarantee) and such other documentation as the Rights Agent may reasonably request. The Right Certificates are transferable
only on the registry books of the Rights Agent. Neither the Rights Agent nor the Company shall be obligated to take any action whatsoever with respect to the transfer, split up, combination or exchange of any Right Certificate surrendered for
transfer until the registered holder has (i) properly completed and duly executed the certificate contained in the form of assignment on the reverse side of such Rights Certificate accompanied by a Signature Guarantee, (ii) provided such additional
evidence of the identity of the Beneficial Owner (or former Beneficial Owner) or Affiliates or Associates thereof and the Rights evidenced thereby as the Company or the Rights Agent shall reasonably request and (iii) paid a sum sufficient to cover
any tax or charge that might be imposed on connection with such transfer, split up, combination or exchange of any Rights Certificate or Certificates. Thereupon, the Rights Agent, subject to the provisions of this Agreement, shall countersign
(manually or by facsimile or electronic signature) and deliver to the Person entitled thereto a Right Certificate or Right Certificates, as the case may be, as so requested. The Company or the Rights Agent may require payment of a sum sufficient to
cover any tax or charge that may be imposed in connection with any transfer, split up, combination or exchange of Right Certificates. If and to the extent the Company does require payment of any such taxes or charges, the Company shall give the
Rights Agent prompt written notice thereof and the Rights Agent shall not deliver any Right Certificate unless and until it is satisfied that all such payments have been made, and the Rights Agent shall forward any such sum collected by it to the
Company or to such Persons as the Company may specify by written notice. The Rights Agent shall have no duty or obligation under any Section of this Agreement which requires the payment of taxes or charges unless and until it is satisfied that all
such taxes and/or charges have been paid.

Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, at any time after the Distribution Date and prior to but not including the Expiration Date, upon
receipt by the Company and the Rights Agent of evidence reasonably satisfactory to them (including surety bond) of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of a Right Certificate, and, in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or
security satisfactory to them, and, at the Companys or the Rights Agents request, reimbursement to the Company and the Rights Agent of all reasonable expenses incidental thereto, and upon surrender to the Rights Agent and cancellation of the
Right Certificate if mutilated, the Company will make and deliver a new Right Certificate of like tenor to the Rights Agent for countersignature and delivery to the registered holder in lieu of the Right Certificate so lost, stolen, destroyed or
mutilated. For the avoidance of doubt, the Rights Agent may require the owner of any lost, stolen or destroyed Rights Certificate, or their legal representative, to provide the Rights Agent a bond sufficient to indemnify the Rights Agent against
any claim that may be made against it on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of any such Rights Certificate or the issuance of any such new Rights Certificate.

11

Notwithstanding any other provisions hereof, the Company and the Rights Agent may amend this Agreement to provide for uncertificated Rights in
addition to or in place of Rights evidenced by Right Certificates, to the extent permitted by applicable law.

Section 7. Exercise of Rights; Purchase Price; Expiration Date of Rights.

(a) Subject to Section 7(e) hereof, at
any time after the Distribution Date the registered holder of any Right Certificate may exercise the Rights evidenced thereby (except as otherwise provided herein, including, without limitation, the restrictions on exercisability set forth in
Section 7(e), Section 9(c), Section 11(a), and Section 23), in whole or in part, at any time after the Distribution Date, upon surrender of the Right Certificate, with the form of election to purchase on the reverse side thereof properly completed
and duly executed, to the Rights Agent at the office or offices of the Rights Agent designated for such purpose, accompanied by a Signature Guarantee and such other documentation as the Rights Agent may reasonably request, together with payment of
the Purchase Price for each share of Common Stock (or other securities, cash or other assets, as the case may be) as to which the Rights are exercised, at or prior to but not including the earliest of (i) the Final Expiration Date, (ii) the date on
which all of the Rights are redeemed as provided in Section 23 hereof (the Redemption Date), (iii) the date on which the Rights are exchanged as provided in Section 24
hereof, or (iv) the consummation of a transaction contemplated by Section 13(e) hereof (the earliest of (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) being herein referred to as the Expiration Date).

Except for those provisions herein which expressly survive the termination of this Agreement, this Agreement shall terminate at such time as the Rights are no longer exercisable hereunder.

(b) The Purchase Price for each share of
Common Stock purchasable pursuant to the exercise of a Right shall be $9.00 (the Purchase Price). The Purchase Price and the number of Common Stock or other securities
or property to be acquired upon exercise of a Right shall be subject to adjustment from time to time as provided in Section 11 or Section 13 hereof, and shall be payable in lawful money of the United States of America in accordance with Section
7(c) below.

12

(c) Except as provided in Section 7(e),
upon receipt of a Right Certificate representing exercisable Rights, with the form of election to purchase and the certificate properly completed and duly executed, accompanied by payment of the Purchase Price for the shares to be purchased and an
amount equal to any applicable tax or charge required to be paid by the holder of such Right Certificate, the Rights Agent shall thereupon promptly (i) (A) requisition from any transfer agent of the shares of Common Stock certificates for the
number of shares of Common Stock so elected to be purchased or, in the case of uncertificated shares of Common Stock, requisition from any transfer agent for such shares of Common Stock a notice setting forth such number of shares of Common Stock
to be purchased for which registration will be made in the Companys share register and the Company hereby irrevocably authorizes any such transfer agent to comply with all such requests or (B) if the Company, in its sole discretion, shall have
elected to deposit the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Rights hereunder into a depositary, requisition from the depositary agent depositary receipts representing such number of shares of Common Stock as are to be purchased (in
which case certificates for the shares of Common Stock represented by such receipts shall be deposited by the transfer agent of the Common Stock with such depositary agent) and the Company hereby directs such depositary agent to comply with such
request; (ii) when necessary to comply with this Agreement, requisition from the Company the amount of cash to be paid in lieu of issuance of fractional shares in accordance with Section 14 hereof; (iii) promptly after receipt of such certificates
or depositary receipts (or confirmation or written notice that an entry has been made in the book entry account system of the transfer agent), as the case may be, cause the same to be delivered to or upon the order of the registered holder of such
Right Certificate, registered in such name or names as may be designated by such holder; and (iv) when necessary to comply with this Agreement, after receipt, promptly deliver the cash to or upon the order of the registered holder of such Right
Certificate. The payment of the Purchase Price may be made by wire transfer, ACH payment or by certified bank check or money order payable to the order of the Rights Agent. In the event that the Company is obligated to issue other securities
(including Common Stock) of the Company, pay cash and/or distribute other property pursuant to Section 11(a) hereof, the Company will make all arrangements necessary so that such other securities, cash and/or other property are available for
distribution by the Rights Agent, if and when appropriate and until so received, the Rights Agent shall have no duties or obligations with respect to such securities, cash and/or other assets. The Company reserves the right to require prior to the
occurrence of a Triggering Event that, upon any exercise of Rights, a number of Rights be exercised so that only whole shares of Common Stock would be issued. The Company acknowledges and agrees that Rights Agents ability to pay cash to holders of
Rights Certificates in a timely manner is contingent upon the timely receipt by Rights Agent of cash in an aggregate amount sufficient to pay such amounts, which cash must be received by Rights Agent no later than twenty-four (24) hours prior to
the date of expected payment (the Expected Payment Date). Rights Agent shall be excused from any failure to provide or cause to be provided timely payments to the extent
Company fails to provide such cash to Rights Agent at least twenty-four (24) hours prior to the Expected Payment Date. Cash payments received from the Company less than twenty-four (24) hours prior to the Expected Payment Date may incur additional
rush processing fees. With respect to cash deposited by Company with the bank or financial institution designated by Rights Agent, Rights Agent agrees to cause such bank or financial institution to establish and maintain a separate demand deposit
account, therefor in the name of the Rights Agent for the benefit of the Company. Rights Agent will only draw upon cash in such account(s) as required from time to time in order to make payments as required under this Agreement and any applicable
tax withholding payments. Rights Agent shall have no responsibility or liability for any diminution of funds that may result from any deposit made by Rights Agent in accordance with this paragraph, including any losses resulting from a default by
any bank, financial institution or other third party, in the absence of fraud, bad faith or willful misconduct by or on behalf of Rights Agent. Rights Agent is acting as an agent hereunder and is not a debtor of Company in respect of cash deposited
hereunder.

13

(d) Except as otherwise provided herein,
in case the registered holder of any Right Certificate shall exercise less than all the Rights evidenced thereby, a new Right Certificate evidencing Rights equivalent to the Rights remaining unexercised shall be issued by the Rights Agent to the
registered holder of such Right Certificate or to such holders duly authorized assigns, subject to the provisions of Section 14 hereof.

(e) Notwithstanding anything in this
Agreement to the contrary, from and after the first occurrence of a Triggering Event, any Rights beneficially owned by or transferred to (i) an Acquiring Person or an Associate or Affiliate of an Acquiring Person, other than any such Person that
the Board in good faith determines was not involved in and did not cause or facilitate, directly or indirectly, such Triggering Event, (ii) a transferee of an Acquiring Person (or of any such Associate or Affiliate) who becomes a transferee after
the Acquiring Person becomes such, or (iii) a transferee of an Acquiring Person (or of any such Associate or Affiliate) who becomes a transferee prior to or concurrently with the Acquiring Person becoming such and receives such Rights pursuant to
either (A) a transfer (whether or not for consideration) from the Acquiring Person to holders of equity interests in such Acquiring Person or to any Person with whom the Acquiring Person has any continuing agreement, arrangement or understanding
(whether or not in writing) regarding the transferred Rights or (B) a transfer which the Board determines is part of an agreement, arrangement or understanding which has as a primary purpose or effect the avoidance of this Section 7(e); or (iv)
subsequent transferees of such Persons described in clauses (i)-(iii) of this sentence, shall become null and void without any further action and no holder of such Rights shall have any rights whatsoever with respect to such Rights, whether under
any provision of this Agreement or otherwise, and such Rights shall not be transferable. The Company shall use all reasonable efforts to ensure that the provisions of this Section 7(e) and Section 4(b) hereof are complied with, but shall have no
liability to any holder of Right Certificates or other Person as a result of its failure to make any determinations with respect to an Acquiring Person or its Affiliates, Associates or transferees hereunder.

(f) Notwithstanding anything in this
Agreement or any Right Certificates to the contrary, the Rights shall not become exercisable pursuant to any provision of this Agreement prior to the Distribution Date and neither the Rights Agent nor the Company shall be obligated to undertake any
action with respect to a registered holder of any Right Certificates or other securities upon the occurrence of any purported exercise as set forth in this Section 7 unless such registered holder shall have (i) properly completed and duly executed
the certificate contained in the form of election to purchase set forth on the reverse side of the Right Certificate surrendered for such exercise and (ii) provided such additional evidence of the identity of the Beneficial Owner (or former
Beneficial Owner) or Affiliates or Associates thereof, and the Rights evidenced thereby and of the Affiliates and Associates of such Beneficial Owners (or former Beneficial Owner) as the Company or the Rights Agent shall reasonably request.

14

Section 8. Cancellation and Destruction of Right Certificates. All Right Certificates surrendered for the purpose of exercise, transfer, split up, combination, redemption or exchange shall, if surrendered to the Company or to any
of its agents (other than the Rights Agent), be delivered to the Rights Agent for cancellation or in cancelled form, or, if surrendered to the Rights Agent, shall be cancelled by it, and no Right Certificates shall be issued in lieu thereof except
as expressly permitted by any of the provisions of this Agreement. The Company shall deliver to the Rights Agent for cancellation and retirement, and the Rights Agent shall so cancel and retire, any other Right Certificate purchased or acquired by
the Company otherwise than upon the exercise thereof. At the expense of the Company, the Rights Agent shall deliver all cancelled Right Certificates which have been cancelled by the Rights Agent to the Company, or shall, at the written request of
the Company, destroy or cause to be destroyed such cancelled Right Certificates, and, in such case, shall deliver a certificate of destruction thereof to the Company confirming that such certificates will be destroyed in accordance with the Rights
Agents bona fide document destruction practices.

Section 9. Reservation and Availability of Common Stock.

(a) The Company covenants and agrees
that, from and after the Distribution Date, it will cause to be reserved and keep available a sufficient number of its authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock to permit the exercise in full of all outstanding Rights in accordance with
Section 7 hereof; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to keep
available shares of Common Stock sufficient to permit the exercise in full of all outstanding Rights pursuant to the adjustments set forth in Section 11(a) unless, and only to the extent that, the Rights become exercisable pursuant to such
adjustments.

(b) The Company covenants and agrees that
it will take all such action as may be necessary to ensure that all Common Stock delivered upon exercise of Rights shall, at the time of delivery of the certificates for such shares of Common Stock (subject to payment of the Purchase Price), be
duly and validly authorized and issued and fully paid and nonassessable shares in accordance with applicable law. The Company further covenants and agrees that it will pay when due and payable any and all federal and state taxes and charges which
may be payable in respect of the issuance or delivery of the Right Certificates or of any shares of shares of Common Stock (or, if such securities are uncertificated, the registration of such securities in the Companys share register) upon the
exercise of Rights. The Company shall not, however, be required to pay any tax or charge which may be payable in respect of any transfer or delivery of Right Certificates to a Person other than, or the issuance or delivery of certificates or
depositary receipts for the shares of Common Stock in a name other than that of, the registered holder of the Right Certificate evidencing Rights surrendered for exercise or to issue or to deliver any certificates or depositary receipts for shares
of Common Stock upon the exercise of any Rights until any such tax or charge shall have been paid (any such tax or charge being payable by the holder of such Right Certificate at the time of surrender) or until it has been established to the
Companys or the Rights Agents satisfaction that no such tax or charge is due.

15

(c) The Company shall use its
commercially reasonable efforts to (i) file, as soon as practicable following the earliest date after the first occurrence of a Section 11(a)(ii) Event on which the consideration to be delivered by the Company upon exercise of the Rights has been
determined in accordance with Section 11(a)(iii) hereof, a registration statement under the Act, with respect to the securities purchasable upon exercise of the Rights on an appropriate form, (ii) cause such registration statement to become
effective as soon as practicable after such filing, and (iii) cause such registration statement to remain effective (with a prospectus at all times meeting the requirements of the Act) until the earlier of (A) the date as of which the Rights are no
longer exercisable for such securities, and (B) the Expiration Date. The Company will also take such action as may be appropriate under, or to ensure compliance with, the securities or blue sky laws of the various states in connection with the
exercisability of the Rights. The Company may temporarily suspend, for a period of time not to exceed one hundred and twenty (120) days after the date set forth in clause (i) of the first sentence of this Section 9(c), the exercisability of the
Rights in order to prepare and file such registration statement and permit it to become effective. In addition, if the Company shall determine that the Securities Act requires an effective registration statement under the Securities Act following
the Distribution Date, the Company may temporarily suspend the exercisability of the Rights until such time as such a registration statement has been declared effective. Upon any such suspension, the Company shall issue a public announcement
stating that the exercisability of the Rights has been temporarily suspended, as well as a public announcement at such time as the suspension is no longer in effect. In addition, if the Company shall determine that a registration statement is
required following the Distribution Date, the Company may temporarily suspend the exercisability of the Rights until such time as a registration statement has been declared effective. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary,
the Rights shall not be exercisable in any jurisdiction if the requisite qualification in such jurisdiction shall not have been obtained, the exercise thereof shall not be permitted under applicable law or a registration statement shall not have
been declared effective.

Section 10. Common Stock Record Date. Each Person in whose name any certificate for shares of Common Stock is issued upon the exercise of Rights shall for all purposes be deemed to have become the holder of record of the shares of
Common Stock represented thereby on, and such certificate shall be dated, the date upon which the Right Certificate evidencing such Rights was duly surrendered and payment of the Purchase Price (and any applicable taxes or charges) was made; provided, however, that, if the date of such surrender and payment is a date upon which the
Common Stock transfer books of the Company are closed, such Person shall be deemed to have become the record holder of such shares on, and such certificate shall be dated, the next succeeding Business Day on which the Common Stock transfer books of
the Company are open. Prior to the exercise of the Rights evidenced thereby, the holder of a Right Certificate shall not be entitled to any rights of a holder of shares of Common Stock for which the Rights shall be exercisable, including, without
limitation, the right to vote, to receive dividends or other distributions or to exercise any preemptive rights, and shall not be entitled to receive any notice of any proceedings of the Company, except as provided herein.

16

Section 11. Adjustment of Number of Shares or Number of Rights. The number of shares of Common Stock covered by each Right and the number of Rights outstanding are subject to adjustment from time to time as provided in this Section
11.

(a) (i) In the event the Company shall at
any time after the date of this Agreement (A) declare or pay any dividend on the Common Stock payable in shares of Common Stock, (B) subdivide or split the outstanding Common Stock into a greater number of shares, (C) combine or consolidate the
outstanding Common Stock into a smaller number of shares of Common Stock or effect a reverse split of the outstanding Common Stock or (D) issue any shares of its capital stock in a reclassification of the Common Stock (including any such
reclassification in connection with a share exchange, consolidation or merger in which the Company is the continuing or surviving corporation), except as otherwise provided herein, including this Section 11(a)(i) and Section 7(e) hereof, the Rights
in effect at the time of the record date for such dividend or of the effective date of such subdivision, split, combination, consolidation, or reclassification, and the number and kind of shares of capital stock issuable on such date, shall be
proportionately adjusted so that the holder of any Right exercised after such time shall be entitled to receive the aggregate number and kind of shares of capital stock which, if such Right had been exercised immediately prior to such date and at a
time when the Common Stock transfer books of the Company were open, such holder would have owned upon such exercise and been entitled to receive by virtue of such dividend, subdivision, split, combination, consolidation, or reclassification; provided, however, that in no event shall the consideration to be paid upon the exercise of one
Right be less than the aggregate par value of the shares of capital stock of the Company issuable upon exercise of one Right. If an event occurs which would require an adjustment under both this Section 11(a)(i) and Section 11(a)(ii) hereof, the
adjustment provided for in this Section 11(a)(i) shall be in addition to, and shall be made prior to, any adjustment required pursuant to Section 11(a)(ii) hereof.

17

(ii) Subject to Section 24 hereof, in the
event any Person (other than the Company, any Subsidiary of the Company, any employee benefit plan or compensation arrangement of the Company or of any Subsidiary of the Company, or any Person or entity organized, appointed or established by the
Company for or pursuant to the terms of any such plan or arrangement), alone or together with its Affiliates and Associates at any time after the Effective Date becomes an Acquiring Person (the first occurrence of such event being referred to
hereinafter as a Section 11(a)(ii) Event), unless the event causing such Person to become an Acquiring Person is a transaction set forth in Section 13(a) hereof then,
subject to Section 23(a) and Section 24, and except as otherwise provided below and in Section 7(e), promptly following the occurrence of any event described above, proper provision shall be made so that each holder of a Right shall thereafter have
a right to receive, upon exercise thereof at a price equal to the then current Purchase Price in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, such number of shares of Common Stock of the Company equal to the result obtained by (A) multiplying the
then-current Purchase Price for one share of Common Stock by the then number of shares of Common Stock for which a Right was exercisable immediately prior to a Section 11(a)(ii) Event, whether or not such Right was then exercisable; and (B)
dividing that product by 50% of the Current Market Price of Common Stock on the date of such Section 11(a)(ii) Event (such number of shares, the Adjustment Shares); provided, however, that the number of Adjustment Shares shall be further adjusted as appropriate
to reflect any stock split, stock dividend or similar transaction, or as provided in this Agreement to reflect any other events, occurring after the date of such first occurrence; and provided,
further, that if the transaction that would otherwise give rise to the foregoing adjustment is also subject to the provisions of Section 13, then only the provisions of
Section 13 shall apply and no adjustment shall be made pursuant to this Section 11(a)(ii). In the event that any Person shall become an Acquiring Person and the Rights shall then be outstanding, the Company shall not take any action which would
eliminate or diminish the benefits intended to be afforded by the Rights. From and after the occurrence of such event, any Rights that are or were acquired or Beneficially Owned by any Acquiring Person (or any Associate or Affiliate of such
Acquiring Person) shall be null and void without any further action, and any holder of such Rights shall thereafter have no right to exercise such Rights under any provision of this Agreement or otherwise. Neither the Company nor the Rights Agent
shall have liability to any holder of Right Certificates or other Person as a result of the Companys failure to make any determinations with respect to an Acquiring Person or its Affiliates, Associates or transferees hereunder. No Right
Certificate shall be issued (A) pursuant to Section 3 hereof, that represents Rights Beneficially Owned by an Acquiring Person whose Rights would be null and void pursuant to the preceding sentence or any Associate or Affiliate thereof, or (B) at
any time, upon the transfer of any Rights to an Acquiring Person whose Rights would be null and void pursuant to the preceding sentence or any Associate or Affiliate thereof or to any nominee of such Acquiring Person, Associate or Affiliate or with
respect to any shares of Common Stock otherwise deemed to be Beneficially Owned by any of the foregoing; and, in each case, any Right Certificate delivered to the Rights Agent for transfer to an Acquiring Person or other Person whose Rights would
be null and void pursuant to the preceding sentence shall be cancelled. The Company shall give the Rights Agent written notice of the identity of any Acquiring Person promptly after it becomes aware of such identity, or any Associate or Affiliate
known to it, or the nominee of any of the foregoing, and the Rights Agent may conclusively rely on such notice in carrying out its duties under this Agreement and shall be deemed not to have any knowledge of the identity of any such Acquiring
Person, Associate or Affiliate, or the nominee of any of the foregoing unless and until it shall have received such notice.

18

(iii) In the event that the number of
shares of Common Stock of the Company which are authorized by the Companys charter, but not outstanding or required to be available for issuance for purposes other than upon exercise of the Rights, is not sufficient to permit the exercise in full
of the Rights in accordance with Section 11(a)(ii) and the Rights shall become so exercisable, the Company shall take all such action as may be necessary to authorize additional shares of Common Stock for issuance upon exercise of the Rights. In
the event the Company shall, after good faith effort, be unable to take all such action as may be necessary to authorize such additional shares of Common Stock, to the extent permitted by applicable laws, each Right shall thereafter represent the
right to receive, upon exercise thereof at the Purchase Price, a number of shares of Common Stock of the Company (up to the maximum number of shares which may be permissibly issued) equal to the number of Adjustment Shares. In the event the number
of shares of Common Stock which are authorized by the Companys charter but not outstanding or required to be available for issuance for purposes other than upon exercise of the Rights is insufficient to permit the exercise in full of the Rights in
accordance with the prior sentence and the Rights shall become so exercisable, to the extent permitted by applicable law, the Company shall: (A) determine the value of the Adjustment Shares issuable upon the exercise of a Right (the Current Value) and that value shall be conclusive for all purposes; and (B) with respect to each Right, upon exercise of such Right, issue shares of Common Stock to the
extent available for the exercise in full of such Right and, to the extent shares of Common Stock are not so available, make adequate provision to substitute for the Adjustment Shares not received upon exercise of such Right: (1) other equity
securities of the Company (including, without limitation, shares having the same rights, privileges and preferences as the Common Stock, or units of shares of preferred stock, which the Board has deemed to have essentially the same value or
economic rights as Common Stock) (such equity securities, the Equivalent Common Stock), (2) debt securities of the Company, (3) other assets, (4) cash, or (5) any
combination of the foregoing determined by the Board, having a value which, when added to the value of the number of the shares of Common Stock actually issued upon exercise of such Right, shall have an aggregate value equal to the Current Value,
where such aggregate value has been determined by the Board based upon the advice of an investment banking firm selected by the Board; provided, however, if the Company shall not have made adequate provision to deliver value pursuant to clause (B) above within thirty (30) days following the later of (x) the first occurrence of a Section
11(a)(ii) Event and (y) the date on which the Companys right of redemption pursuant to Section 23(a) expires (the later of (x) and (y) being referred to herein as the Section
11(a)(ii) Trigger Date), then the Company shall be obligated to deliver, upon the surrender for exercise of a Right and without requiring payment of the Purchase Price, shares of Common Stock (to the extent available) or shares of
Equivalent Common Stock and then, if necessary, cash, debt securities or other assets (in that order) which shares, cash, debt securities and/or other assets have an aggregate value equal to the Spread. For purposes of the preceding sentence, the
term Spread shall mean the excess of (i) the Current Value over (ii) the Purchase Price. If the Board determines in good faith that it is likely that sufficient
additional shares of Common Stock or shares of Equivalent Common Stock could be authorized for issuance upon exercise in full of the Rights, the thirty (30) day period set forth above may be extended to the extent necessary, but not more than
ninety (90) days after the Section 11(a)(ii) Trigger Date, in order that the Company may seek shareholder approval for the authorization of such additional shares (such thirty (30) day period, as it may be extended, is herein called the Substitution Period). To the extent that action is to be taken pursuant to this Section 11(a)(iii), the Company (1) shall provide, subject to Section 7(e) hereof, that such
action shall apply uniformly to all outstanding and exercisable Rights, and (2) may suspend the exercisability of the Rights until the expiration of the Substitution Period in order to seek such shareholder approval for such authorization of
additional shares and/or to decide the appropriate form of distribution to be made pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 11(a)(iii) and, if necessary, to determine the value thereof. In the event of any such suspension, the Company
shall issue a public announcement and shall promptly deliver to the Rights Agent a written statement, stating that the exercisability of the Rights has been temporarily suspended, as well as a public announcement at such time as the suspension is
no longer in effect. For purposes of this Section 11(a)(iii), the value of each Adjustment Share shall be the Current Per Share Market Price of the Common Stock on the Section 11(a)(ii) Trigger Date, and any Equivalent Common Stock shall be deemed
to have the same value as the Common Stock on such date. The Board may, but shall not be required to, establish procedures to allocate the right to receive shares of Common Stock upon the exercise of the Rights among holders of Rights pursuant to
this Section 11(a)(iii). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the Company be required to issue any securities (including shares of Common Stock or shares of Equivalent Common Stock), other assets or cash upon exercise of a Right, if, in
the judgment of the Board, doing so would violate the terms of any material agreement or instrument of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Any such required issuance shall be deferred until such time as such issuance by the Company becomes
legally permitted under the terms of any such agreement or instrument.

19

(b) All calculations under this Section
11 shall be made to the nearest cent ($0.01) or to the nearest one ten-thousandth (1/10,000th) of a share of Common Stock or of any other share or security as the case may be. Notwithstanding the first sentence of Section 11(e), any
adjustment required by this Section 11 shall be made no later than the earlier of (i) one hundred twenty (120) days from the date of the transaction which requires such adjustment or (ii) the Expiration Date.

(c) If, as a result of an adjustment made
pursuant to Section 11(a)(ii), Section 11(a)(iii) or Section 13(a) hereof, the holder of any Right thereafter exercised shall become entitled to receive any shares of capital stock of the Company other than Common Stock, thereafter the number of
such other shares so receivable upon exercise of any Right shall be subject to adjustment from time to time in a manner and on terms as nearly equivalent as practicable to the provisions with respect to the Common Stock contained in this Section 11
and the provisions of Section 7, Section 9, Section 10, Section 13, and Section 14 hereof with respect to the Common Stock shall apply on like terms to any such other shares.

(d) Irrespective of any adjustment or
change in the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of the Rights, the Right Certificates theretofore and thereafter issued may continue to express the Purchase Price and the number of shares of Common Stock which were
expressed in the initial Right Certificates issued hereunder.

(e) In any case in which this Section 11
shall require that an adjustment to the number of Rights or number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of a Right be made effective as of a record date for a specified event, the Company may elect to defer until the occurrence of such
event the issuing to the holder of any Right exercised after such record date of the shares of Common Stock and other capital stock or securities of the Company, if any, issuable upon such exercise over and above the shares of Common Stock and
other capital stock or securities of the Company, if any, issuable upon such exercise; provided, however,
that the Company shall deliver to such holder a due bill or other appropriate instrument evidencing such holders right to receive such additional shares upon the occurrence of the event requiring such adjustment.

(f) The Company covenants and agrees that
it shall not, at any time after the Distribution Date, (i) consolidate with any other Person (other than a Subsidiary of the Company), (ii) merge with or into any other Person (other than a Subsidiary of the Company), (iii) effect a share exchange
with any other Person (other than a Subsidiary of the Company) or (iv) sell or transfer (or permit any Subsidiary to sell or transfer), in one transaction, or a series of related transactions, assets, cash flow or earning power aggregating more
than 50% of the assets, cash flow or earning power of the Company and its Subsidiaries (taken as a whole) to any other Person or Persons (other than the Company and/or any of its Subsidiaries), if (x) at the time of or immediately after such
consolidation, merger, share exchange, sale or transfer there are any rights, warrants or other instruments or securities outstanding or agreements in effect which would substantially diminish or otherwise eliminate the benefits intended to be
afforded by the Rights or (y) prior to, simultaneously with or immediately after such consolidation, merger or sale, the shareholders of the Person who constitutes, or would constitute, the Principal Party for purposes of Section 13(a) hereof shall have received a distribution of Rights previously owned by such Person or any of its Affiliates and Associates.

20

(g) The Company covenants and agrees
that, after the Distribution Date, it will not, except as permitted by Section 23, Section 24, or Section 27 hereof, take (or permit any Subsidiary to take) any action if at the time such action is taken it is reasonably foreseeable that such
action will diminish substantially or otherwise eliminate the benefits intended to be afforded by the Rights.

Section 12. Certificate of Adjusted Number of Shares. Whenever an adjustment is made or any event affecting the Rights or their exercisability occurs as provided in Section 11 or Section 13 hereof, the Company shall promptly (a)
prepare a certificate setting forth such adjustment or describing such event and a brief reasonably detailed statement of the facts, computations and methodology accounting for such adjustment or describing such event, (b) file with the Rights
Agent and with each transfer agent for the Common Stock a copy of such certificate and (c) if such adjustment occurs at any time after the Distribution Date, mail a brief summary thereof to each registered holder of a Right Certificate (or, if
prior to the Distribution Date, to each holder of record of shares of Common Stock). The Rights Agent shall be fully protected in relying on any such certificate and on any adjustment or statement therein contained and shall have no duty or
liability with respect to, and shall not be deemed to have knowledge of any adjustment or any such event unless and until it shall have received such a certificate.

21

Section 13. Consolidation, Merger or Sale or Transfer of Assets or Earning Power.

(a) At any time after a Person has become
an Acquiring Person, in the event that, directly or indirectly (x) the Company shall effect a share exchange, consolidate with, or merge with and into, any other Person, and the Company shall not be the continuing or surviving corporation of such
consolidation or merger, (y) any Person or Persons shall effect a share exchange or consolidate with, or merge with or into, the Company, and the Company shall be the continuing or surviving corporation of such consolidation, share exchange or
merger and, in connection with such consolidation or merger, all or part of the outstanding share of Common Stock shall be changed into or exchanged for stock or other securities of any other Person (or the Company) or cash or any other property,
or (z) the Company shall sell or otherwise transfer (or one or more of its Subsidiaries shall sell or otherwise transfer), in one transaction or a series of related transactions, assets, cash flow or earning power aggregating more than 50% of the
assets, cash flow or earning power of the Company and its Subsidiaries (taken as a whole) to any Person (other than the Company or any wholly owned Subsidiary of the Company or any combination thereof in one or more transactions each of which
complies (and all of which together comply) with Section 11(g) hereof); provided, however,
that this clause (z) shall not apply to the pro rata distribution by the Company of assets (including securities) of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to all holders of shares of Common Stock; or Persons, then, and in each such case (except as
may be contemplated by Section 13(e) hereof), proper provision shall be made so that: (i) each holder of a Right (except as otherwise provided in Section 7(e) hereof) shall thereafter have the right to receive, upon the exercise thereof at a price
equal to the then current Purchase Price multiplied by the number of shares of Common Stock for which a Right is then exercisable, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and in lieu of shares of Common Stock, such number of validly
authorized and issued, fully paid, non-assessable and freely tradable shares of Common Stock of the Principal Party (as such term is hereinafter defined), not subject to any liens, encumbrances, preemptive rights, rights of first refusal or other
adverse claims, as shall be equal to the result obtained by multiplying the then current Purchase Price by the number of shares of Common Stock for which a Right is then exercisable immediately prior to the first occurrence of a Section 13 Event
(or, if a Section 11(a)(ii) Event has occurred prior to the first occurrence of a Section 13 Event, multiplying the number of shares of Common Stock for which a Right was exercisable immediately prior to the first occurrence of a Section 11(a)(ii)
Event by the Purchase Price in effect immediately prior to such first occurrence); provided, that the Purchase Price and the number of shares of Common Stock of the
Principal Party issuable upon exercise of each Right shall be further adjusted as appropriate to reflect any stock split, stock dividend or similar transaction, or as provided in this Agreement to reflect any other events, occurring after the date
of the first occurrence of a Section 13 Event; (ii) the Principal Party shall thereafter be liable for, and shall assume, by virtue of such Section 13 Event, all the obligations and duties of the Company pursuant to this Agreement; (iii) the term
Company shall thereafter be deemed to refer to such Principal Party, it being specifically intended that the provisions of Section 11 hereof shall apply only to such Principal Party following the first occurrence of a Section 13 Event; (iv) such
Principal Party shall take such steps (including, but not limited to, the reservation of a sufficient number of its Common Stock, or if there are an insufficient number of authorized Common Stock, securities with rights substantially similar to
those Common Stock of the Principal Party, which have not been issued or reserved for any other purpose in order to permit the exercise in full of the Rights in accordance with this Section 13) in connection with the consummation of any such
transaction as may be necessary to assure that the provisions hereof shall thereafter be applicable, as nearly as reasonably may be, in relation to its Common Stock thereafter deliverable upon the exercise of the Rights; provided, however, that, upon the subsequent occurrence of any merger, consolidation, share exchange, sale of all
or substantially all assets, recapitalization, reclassification of shares, reorganization or other extraordinary transaction in respect of the Principal Party, each holder of a Right shall thereupon be entitled to receive, upon exercise of a Right
and payment of the Purchase Price, the cash, shares, rights, warrants and other property which the holder would have been entitled to receive had the holder, at the time of that transaction, owned the shares of Common Stock of the Principal Party
purchasable upon the exercise of a Right, and the Principal Party shall take such steps (including, but not limited to, reservation of shares of stock) as may be necessary to permit the subsequent exercise of the Rights in accordance with the terms
for such cash, shares, rights, warrants and other property; and (v) the provisions of Section 11(a)(ii) hereof shall be of no effect following the first occurrence of any Section 13 Event.

22

(b) Principal Party shall mean:

(i) in the case of any transaction
described in clause (x) or (y) of the first sentence of Section 13(a): (A) the Person that is the issuer of the securities into which shares of Common Stock of the Company are converted in such merger, consolidation or share exchange or, if there
is more than one such issuer, the issuer of the Common Stock of which has the greatest market value or (B) if no securities are so issued, (x) the Person that is the other party to the merger, consolidation or share exchange and that survives said
merger, consolidation or share exchange or, if there is more than one such Person, the Person the Common Stock of which has the greatest market value or (y) if the Person that is the other party to the merger, consolidation or share exchange does
not survive the merger, consolidation or share exchange, the Person that does survive the merger, consolidation or share exchange (including the Company if it survives); and

(ii) in the case of any transaction
described in clause (z) of the first sentence in Section 13(a), the Person that is the party receiving the greatest portion of the assets, cash flow or earning power transferred pursuant to such transaction or transactions or, if each Person that
is a party to such transaction or transactions receives the same portion of the assets or earning power so transferred or if the Person receiving the greatest portion of the assets or earning power cannot be determined, whichever of those Persons
as is the issuer of Common Stock having the greatest market value of shares outstanding;

provided, however,
that in any such case, (1) if the Common Stock of such Person is not at such time and has not been continuously over the preceding twelve (12) month period registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act, and such Person is a direct or indirect
Subsidiary of another Person the Common Stock of which is and has been so registered, Principal Party shall refer to such other Person; (2) if the Common Stock of such Person is not and has not been so registered and such Person is a Subsidiary,
directly or indirectly, of more than one Person, the Common Stock of two or more of which are and have been so registered, Principal Party shall refer to whichever of such Persons is the issuer of the Common Stock having the greatest aggregate
market value; and (3) if the Common Stock of such Person is not and has not been so registered and such Person is, or is owned directly or indirectly by, a partnership or joint venture formed by two or more Persons that are not owned, directly or
indirectly, by the same Person, the rules set forth in (1) and (2) above shall apply to each of the chains of ownership having an interest in such joint venture as if such party were a Subsidiary of both or all of such joint venturers and the
Principal Parties in each such chain shall bear the obligations set forth in this Section 13 in the same ratio as their direct or indirect interests in such Person bear to the total of such interests.

23

(c) The Company shall not consummate any
such consolidation, merger, sale or transfer unless the Principal Party shall have a sufficient number of authorized shares of Common Stock which have not been issued or reserved for issuance to permit the exercise in full of the Rights in
accordance with this Section 13 and unless prior thereto the Company and such Principal Party shall have executed and delivered to the Rights Agent a supplemental agreement providing for the Principal Party to assume and perform the terms set forth
in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section 13 and further providing that, as soon as practicable after the date of any consolidation, merger or sale of assets mentioned in paragraph (a) of this Section 13, the Principal Party will:

(i) prepare and file a registration
statement under the Act, with respect to the Rights and the securities purchasable upon exercise of the Rights on an appropriate form, and will use its best efforts to cause such registration statement to (A) become effective as soon as practicable
after such filing and (B) remain effective (with a prospectus at all times meeting the requirements of the Act) until the Expiration Date;

(ii) take all such other action as may be
necessary to enable the Principal Party to issue the securities purchasable upon exercise of the Rights, including but not limited to the registration or qualification of such securities under all requisite securities laws of jurisdictions of the
various states and the listing of such securities on the NYSE or such other national securities exchanges and trading markets as may be necessary or appropriate;

(iii) deliver to holders of the Rights
historical financial statements for the Principal Party and each of its Affiliates which comply in all respects with the requirements for registration on Form 10 under the Exchange Act; and

(iv) obtain waivers of any rights of first
refusal or preemptive rights in respect of the Common Stock of the Principal Party subject to purchase upon exercise of outstanding Rights.

(d) In case the Principal Party that is
to be a party to a transaction referred to in this Section 13 has at the time of such transaction, or immediately following such transaction has a provision in any of its authorized securities or in its certificate or articles of incorporation or
by-laws or other instrument governing its affairs, or any other agreements or arrangements, which provision would have the effect of (i) causing such Principal Party to issue, in connection with, or as a consequence of, the consummation of a
transaction referred to in this Section 13, shares of Common Stock of such Principal Party at less than the then Current Market Price or securities exercisable for, or convertible into, Common Stock of such Principal Party at less than such then
Current Market Price (other than to holders of Rights pursuant to this Section 13); (ii) providing for any special payment, tax or similar provisions in connection with the issuance of the Common Stock of such Principal Party pursuant to the
provisions of this Section 13; or (iii) otherwise eliminating or substantially diminishing the benefits intended to be afforded by the Rights in connection with, or as a consequence of, the consummation of a transaction referred to in this Section
13, then, in each such case, the Company may not consummate any such transaction unless prior thereto the Company and such Principal Party have executed and delivered to the Rights Agent a supplemental agreement providing that the provision in
question of such Principal Party has been cancelled, waived or amended, or that the authorized securities have been redeemed, so that the applicable provision will have no effect in connection with, or as a consequence of, the consummation of such
transaction.

24

(e) The provisions of this Section 13
shall similarly apply to successive mergers or consolidations or sales or other transfers. In the event that a Section 13 Event shall occur at any time after the occurrence of a Section 11(a)(ii) Event, the Rights which have not theretofore been
exercised shall thereafter become exercisable in the manner described in Section 13(a).

Section 14. Fractional Rights and Fractional Shares.

(a) The Company shall not be required to
issue fractions of Rights or to distribute Right Certificates which evidence fractional Rights. In lieu of such fractional Rights, there shall be paid to the registered holders of the Right Certificates with regard to which such fractional Rights
would otherwise be issuable, an amount in cash equal to the same fraction of the current market value of a whole Right. For the purposes of this Section 14(a), the current market value of a whole Right shall be the closing price of the Rights for
the Trading Day immediately prior to the date on which such fractional Rights would have been otherwise issuable. The closing price of a Right for any day shall be the last sale price, regular way, or, in case no such sale takes place on such day,
the average of the closing bid and asked prices, regular way, in either case, as reported in the principal consolidated transaction reporting system with respect to securities listed or admitted to trading on the NYSE or, if the Rights are not
listed or admitted to trading on the NYSE, as reported in the principal consolidated transaction reporting system with respect to securities listed on the principal national securities exchange on which the Rights are listed or admitted to trading
or, if the Rights are not listed or admitted to trading on any national securities exchange, the last quoted price or, if not so quoted, the average of the high bid and low asked prices in the over-the-counter market, as reported by Nasdaq or such
other system then in use or, if on any such date the Rights are not quoted by any such organization, the average of the closing bid and asked prices as furnished by a professional market maker making a market in the Rights selected by the Board. If
on any such date no such market maker is making a market in the Rights, the fair value of the Rights on such date as determined in good faith by the Board shall be used.

(b) The Company shall not be required to
issue fractions of shares of Common Stock upon exercise or exchange of the Rights or to distribute certificates which evidence fractional shares of Common Stock. In lieu of fractional shares of Common Stock, the Company shall pay to the registered
holders of Right Certificates at the time such Rights are exercised or exchanged as herein provided an amount in cash equal to the same fraction of the current market value of one share of Common Stock. For the purposes of this Section 14(b), the
current market value of a share of Common Stock of the Company shall be the closing price of such share of Common Stock for the Trading Day immediately prior to the date of such exercise.

(c) The holder of a Right, by the
acceptance of the Right, expressly waives such holders right to receive any fractional Rights or any fractional shares upon exercise of a Right (except as provided above).

25

(d) Whenever a payment for fractional
Rights or fractional shares is to be made by the Rights Agent under this Agreement, the Company shall (i) promptly prepare and deliver to the Rights Agent a certificate setting forth in reasonable detail the facts related to such payment and the
prices or formulas utilized in calculating such payments and (ii) provide sufficient monies to the Rights Agent in the form of fully collected funds to make such payments. The Rights Agent shall be fully protected in relying upon such a certificate
and has no duty with respect to, and will not be deemed to have knowledge of, any payment for fractional Rights or fractional shares under any Section of this Agreement relating to the payment of fractional Rights or fractional shares unless and
until the Rights Agent has received such a certificate and sufficient monies.

Section 15. Rights of Action. All rights of action in respect of this Agreement, excepting the rights of action given to the Rights Agent under this Agreement, are vested in the respective registered holders of the Right
Certificates (and, prior to the Distribution Date, the registered holders of the shares of Common Stock); and any registered holder of any Right Certificate (or, prior to the Distribution Date, of shares of Common Stock), without the consent of the
Rights Agent or of the holder of any other Right Certificate (or, prior to the Distribution Date, of shares of Common Stock), may, in such holders own behalf and for such holders own benefit, enforce, and may institute and maintain any suit,
action or proceeding against the Company to enforce, or otherwise act in respect of, such holders right to exercise the Rights evidenced by such Right Certificate in the manner provided in such Right Certificate and in this Agreement. Without
limiting the foregoing or any remedies available to the holders of Rights, it is specifically acknowledged that the holders of Rights would not have an adequate remedy at law for any breach of this Agreement by the Company, and will be entitled to
specific performance of the obligations under, and injunctive relief against actual or threatened violations by the Company of its obligations hereunder.

Section 16. Agreement of Right Holders. Every holder of a Right, by accepting the same, consents and agrees with the Company and the Rights Agent and with every other holder of a Right that:

(a) prior to the Distribution Date, the
Rights will be transferable only in connection with the transfer of the Common Stock;

(b) after the Distribution Date, the
Right Certificates are transferable only on the registry books of the Rights Agent if surrendered at the office or offices of the Rights Agent designated for such purpose, duly endorsed or accompanied by a proper instrument of transfer and with the
appropriate forms and certificates properly completed and duly executed, accompanied by a Signature Guarantee and such other documentation as the Rights Agent may reasonably request;

(c) the Company and the Rights Agent may
deem and treat the Person in whose name the Right Certificate (or, prior to the Distribution Date, the associated Common Stock certificate or uncertificated Common Stock) is registered as the absolute owner thereof and of the Rights evidenced
thereby (notwithstanding any notations of ownership or writing on the Right Certificate or the associated Common Stock certificate made by anyone other than the Company or the Rights Agent) for all purposes whatsoever, and neither the Company nor
the Rights Agent shall be affected by any notice to the contrary; and

26

(d) notwithstanding anything in this
Agreement to the contrary, neither the Company nor the Rights Agent shall have any liability to any holder of a Right or other Person (without limiting any of the rights of the Rights Agent under Section 18) as a result of its inability to perform
any of its obligations under this Agreement by reason of any preliminary or permanent injunction or other order, judgment, decree or ruling (whether interlocutory or final) issued by a court of competent jurisdiction or by a governmental,
regulatory, self-regulatory, or administrative agency or commission, or any statute, rule, regulation or executive order promulgated or enacted by any governmental authority, prohibiting or otherwise restraining performance of such obligation; provided, however, the Company must use its best efforts to have any such order, decree, judgment
or ruling lifted or otherwise overturned as soon as possible.

Section 17. Right Certificate Holder Not Deemed a Shareholder. No holder, as such, of any Right Certificate shall be entitled to vote, receive dividends or be deemed for any purpose the holder of the number of shares of Common
Stock or any other securities of the Company which may at any time be issuable on the exercise of the Rights represented thereby, nor shall anything contained herein or in any Right Certificate be construed to confer upon the holder of any Right
Certificate, as such, any of the rights of a shareholder of the Company or any right to vote for the election of directors or upon any matter submitted to shareholders at any meeting thereof, or to give or withhold consent to any corporate action,
or to receive notice of meetings or other actions affecting shareholders (except as provided in Section 25 hereof), or to receive dividends or subscription rights, or otherwise, until the Right or Rights evidenced by such Right Certificate shall
have been exercised or exchanged in accordance with the provisions hereof.

Section 18. Concerning the Rights Agent.

(a) The Company agrees to pay to the
Rights Agent compensation for all services rendered by it hereunder in accordance with a fee schedule to be mutually agreed upon and, from time to time, on demand of the Rights Agent, to reimburse the Rights Agent for all of its reasonable and
documented expenses and counsel fees and disbursements and other disbursements incurred in the preparation, negotiation, execution, administration, delivery and amendment of this Agreement and the exercise and performance of its duties hereunder.
The Company also agrees to indemnify the Rights Agent and its affiliates, and its and their respective employees, officers, directors, representatives, agents and advisors for, and to hold such Persons harmless against, any loss, liability, damage,
judgment, fine, penalty, claim, demand, settlement, cost or expense (including, without limitation, the reasonable fees and expenses of legal counsel) that may be paid, suffered, incurred or to which such Person becomes subject, without gross
negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct on the part of the Rights Agent (which gross negligence, bad faith, or willful misconduct must be determined by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction) for any action taken,
suffered or omitted to be taken by the Rights Agent in connection with the execution, acceptance, administration, exercise and performance of its duties under this Agreement, including the reasonable costs and expenses of defending against any
claim of liability arising therefrom, directly or indirectly, or of enforcing its rights under this Agreement. The costs and expenses incurred in enforcing this right of indemnification shall be paid by the Company.

27

(b) The Rights Agent shall be fully
authorized and protected and shall incur no liability for or in respect of any action taken, suffered or omitted to be taken by it in connection with its acceptance and administration of this Agreement and the exercise and performance of its duties
hereunder in reliance upon any Right Certificate or certificate for shares of Common Stock or for other securities of the Company (including in the case of uncertificated securities, by notation in Book Entry accounts reflecting ownership),
instrument of assignment or transfer, power of attorney, endorsement, affidavit, letter, notice, instruction, direction, consent, certificate, statement, or other paper or document believed by it in the absence of bad faith to be genuine and to be
signed, executed and, where necessary, verified or acknowledged, by the proper Person or Persons and shall not be obligated to verify the accuracy or completeness of such instrument of assignment or transfer, power of attorney, endorsement,
affidavit, letter, notice, instruction, direction, consent, certificate, statement, or other paper or document or any written instructions or statements from the Company with respect to any matter relating to its acting as Rights Agent hereunder,
or otherwise upon the advice of counsel as set forth in Section 20 hereof. The Rights Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge of any event of which it was supposed to receive notice thereof hereunder, and the Rights Agent shall be fully
protected and shall incur no liability for failing to take action in connection therewith unless and until such notice has been given to the Rights Agent in accordance with Section 25 hereof.

(c) This Section 18 and Section 20 shall
survive the termination of this Agreement, the resignation, replacement or removal of the Rights Agent and the exercise, termination and expiration of the Rights. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, in no event shall the
Rights Agent be liable for special, punitive, incidental, indirect or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever, even if the Rights Agent has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage (including lost profits) and regardless of
the form of the action. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, any liability of the Rights Agent under this Agreement shall be limited to the amount of fees (but not including any reimbursed costs) paid by the Company to the
Rights Agent during the twelve (12) months immediately preceding the event for which recovery from the Rights Agent is being sought.

Section 19. Merger or Consolidation or Change of Name of Rights Agent. Any Person into which the Rights Agent or any successor Rights Agent may be merged or with which it may effect a share exchange, be consolidated, or any Person
resulting from any merger, share exchange, or consolidation to which the Rights Agent or any successor Rights Agent shall be a party, or any Person succeeding to the stock transfer or other stockholder services business of the Rights Agent or any
successor Rights Agent, shall be the successor to the Rights Agent under this Agreement without the execution or filing of any paper or document or any further act on the part of any of the parties hereto; provided, that such Person would be eligible for appointment as a successor Rights Agent under the provisions of Section 21 hereof. The purchase of all or substantially all of the Rights Agents
assets employed in the performance of the transfer agent activities shall be deemed a merger or consolidation for purposes of this Section 19. In case at the time such successor Rights Agent shall succeed to the agency created by this Agreement,
any of the Right Certificates shall have been countersigned but not delivered, any such successor Rights Agent may adopt the countersignature of the predecessor Rights Agent and deliver such Right Certificates so countersigned; and, in case at that
time any of the Right Certificates shall not have been countersigned, any successor Rights Agent may countersign such Right Certificates either in the name of the predecessor Rights Agent or in the name of the successor Rights Agent; and, in all
such cases, such Right Certificates shall have the full force provided in the Right Certificates and in this Agreement.

28

In case at any time the name of the Rights Agent shall be changed and at such time any of the Right Certificates shall have been countersigned but
not delivered, the Rights Agent may adopt the countersignature under its prior name and deliver Right Certificates so countersigned; and, in case at that time any of the Right Certificates shall not have been countersigned, the Rights Agent may
countersign such Right Certificates either in its prior name or in its changed name; and, in all such cases, such Right Certificates shall have the full force provided in the Right Certificates and in this Agreement.

Section 20. Duties of Rights Agent. The Rights Agent undertakes to perform only the duties and obligations expressly imposed by this Agreement upon the following express terms and conditions, and no implied duties or obligations
shall be read into this Agreement against the Rights Agent. The Rights Agent shall perform such duties and obligations, by all of which the Company and the holders of Right Certificates, by their acceptance thereof, shall be bound:

(a) The Rights Agent may consult with
legal counsel selected by it (who may be legal counsel for the Company or an employee of the Rights Agent), and the opinion or advice of such counsel shall be full and complete authorization and protection to the Rights Agent, and the Rights Agent
shall incur no liability for or in respect of any action taken, suffered or omitted by it in accordance with such opinion or advice.

(b) Whenever in the performance of its
duties under this Agreement the Rights Agent shall deem it necessary or desirable that any fact or matter be (including the identity of any Acquiring Person and/or the determination of the current per share market price) proved or established by
the Company prior to taking or suffering or omitting to take any action hereunder, such fact or matter (unless other evidence in respect thereof be herein specifically prescribed) may be deemed to be conclusively proved and established by a
certificate signed by any one of the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Operating Officer, the President, any Vice President, the Secretary or any Assistant Secretary of the Company and delivered to the Rights Agent; and
such certificate shall be full and complete authorization and protection to the Rights Agent and the Rights Agent shall incur no liability for or in respect of any action taken, suffered or omitted to be taken by it under the provisions of this
Agreement in reliance upon such certificate. The Rights Agent shall have no duty to act without such a certificate as set forth in this Section 20(b).

(c) The Rights Agent shall be liable
hereunder to the Company and any other Person only for its own gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct (each as determined by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction).

29

(d) The Rights Agent shall not be
required to take notice or be deemed to have notice of any event or condition hereunder, including any event or condition that may require action by the Rights Agent and shall be fully protected and shall incur no liability for failing to take
action in connection therewith unless the Rights Agent shall be specifically notified in writing of such event or condition by the Company, and all notices or other instruments required by this Agreement to be delivered to the Rights Agent must, in
order to be effective, be received by the Rights Agent as specified by Section 25 hereof, and in the absence of such notice so delivered, the Rights Agent may conclusively assume no such event or condition exists.

(e) The Rights Agent shall not be liable
for or by reason of any of the statements of fact or recitals contained in this Agreement or in the Right Certificates (except its countersignature thereof) or be required to verify the same, but all such statements and recitals are and shall be
deemed to have been made by the Company only.

(f) The Rights Agent shall not have any
liability for or be under any responsibility in respect of the validity of this Agreement or the execution and delivery hereof (except the due execution hereof by the Rights Agent) or in respect of the legality, validity or execution of any Right
Certificate (except its countersignature thereof); nor shall it be liable or responsible for any determination by the Board with respect to the Rights nor for any breach by the Company of any covenant or failure by the Company to satisfy any
condition contained in this Agreement or in any Right Certificate; nor shall it be liable or responsible for any modification by or order of any court, tribunal or governmental authority in connection with the foregoing any change in the
exercisability of the Rights (including the Rights becoming null and void pursuant to Section 11(a)(ii) hereof) or any change or adjustment in the terms of the Rights (including the manner, method or amount thereof) provided for in Section 3,
Section 11, Section 13, Section 23, or Section 24 hereof, or the ascertaining of the existence of facts that would require any such change or adjustment (except with respect to the exercise of Rights evidenced by Right Certificates after receipt of
a certificate furnished pursuant to Section 12 describing such change or adjustment); nor shall it by any act hereunder be deemed to make any representation or warranty as to the authorization or reservation of any shares of shares of to be issued
pursuant to this Agreement or any Right Certificate or as to whether any shares of Common Stock will, when issued, be validly authorized and issued, fully paid and nonassessable.

(g) The Company agrees that it will
perform, execute, acknowledge and deliver or cause to be performed, executed, acknowledged and delivered all such further and other acts, instruments and assurances as may reasonably be required or reasonably requested by the Rights Agent for the
carrying out or performing by the Rights Agent of its duties under this Agreement.

30

(h) The Rights Agent is hereby authorized
and directed to accept instructions with respect to the performance of its duties hereunder from any person reasonably believed by the Rights Agent to be one of the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Operating Officer,
the President, any Vice President, the Secretary or any Assistant Secretary, and to apply to such officers for advice or instructions in connection with its duties, and such advice or instructions shall provide full authorization and protection to
the Rights Agent and the Rights Agent shall not be liable for and it shall incur no liability for or in respect of any action taken or suffered to be taken by it in accordance with instructions of any such officer. Any application by the Rights
Agent for written instructions from the Company may, at the option of the Rights Agent, set forth in writing any action proposed to be taken, suffered or omitted to be taken by the Rights Agent under this Agreement and the date on and/or after
which such action shall be taken or such omission shall be effective. The Rights Agent shall be fully authorized and protected in relying upon the most recent instructions received from any such officer, and it shall not be liable for any action
taken, suffered or omitted to be taken by it in accordance with the instructions of any such officer or for any delay in acting while waiting for those instructions.

(i) The Rights Agent and any shareholder,
affiliate, director, officer or employee of the Rights Agent may buy, sell or deal in any of the Rights or other securities of the Company or become pecuniarily interested in any transaction in which the Company may be interested, or contract with
or lend money to the Company or otherwise act as fully and freely as though the Rights Agent were not Rights Agent under this Agreement. Nothing herein shall preclude the Rights Agent, any shareholder, affiliate, director, officer or employee of
the Rights Agent from acting in any other capacity for the Company or for any other Person.

(j) The Rights Agent may execute and
exercise any of the rights or powers hereby vested in it or perform any duty hereunder either itself (through its directors, officers and employees) or by or through its attorneys or agents, and the Rights Agent shall not be answerable or
accountable for any act, omission, default, neglect or misconduct of any such attorneys or agents or for any loss to the Company or any other Person resulting from any such act, omission, default, neglect or misconduct, absent gross negligence, bad
faith or willful misconduct in the selection and continued employment thereof (which gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct must be determined by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction).

(k) If, with respect to any Right
Certificate surrendered to the Rights Agent for exercise or transfer, the certificate contained in the form of assignment or the form of election to purchase set forth on the reverse thereof, as the case may be, indicates an affirmative response to
any clause thereof, the Rights Agent shall not take any further action with respect to such requested exercise or transfer without first consulting with the Company; provided, however that the Rights Agent shall not be liable for any delays arising
from the failure of a holder to complete the applicable certificate contemplated by this Section 20(k).

(l) No provision of this Agreement shall
require the Rights Agent to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of any of its duties hereunder (other than internal costs incurred by the Rights Agent in providing services to the Company in
the ordinary course of its business as Rights Agent under the terms and conditions of this Agreement) or in the exercise of its rights if it believes that repayment of such funds or adequate indemnification against such risk or liability is not
reasonably assured to it; provided, however, that the Rights Agent shall not be liable for
any delays arising from the duties under this Section 20(l).

31

(m) The Rights Agent shall have no duty
or obligation to take any action with respect to a Rights holder under this Agreement that requires the payment by such Rights holder of any tax or governmental charge unless and until the Rights Agent is satisfied that all such taxes and charges
have been paid.

(n) The Rights Agent shall not be liable
or responsible for any failure of the Company to comply with any of its obligations relating to any registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission or this Agreement, including obligations under applicable regulation or
law.

(o) The Rights Agent shall not have any
duty or responsibility in the case of the receipt of any written demand from any holder of Rights with respect to any action or default by the Company, including, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, any duty or responsibility to
initiate or attempt to initiate any proceedings at law or otherwise or to make any demand upon the Company; provided that upon the receipt of any such demand the Rights Agent shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide the Company with
notice thereof as soon as reasonably practicable.

(p) The Rights Agent shall have no
responsibility to the Company, the holders of the Rights or any other Person for interest or earnings on any moneys held by the Rights Agent pursuant to this Agreement.

(q) The Rights Agent shall not assume any
obligations or relationship of agency or trust with any of the owners or holders of the Rights.

(r) The Rights Agent may rely on and be
fully authorized and protected in acting or failing to act upon (i) any guaranty of signature by an eligible guarantor institution that is a member or participant in the Securities Transfer Agents Medallion Program or other comparable signature
guarantee program or insurance program in addition to, or in substitution for, the foregoing or (ii) any law, act, regulation or any interpretation of the same.

(s) In the event the Rights Agent
believes any ambiguity or uncertainty exists hereunder or in any notice, instruction, direction, request or other communication, paper or document received by the Rights Agent hereunder, the Rights Agent shall notify the Company thereof, and the
Rights Agent, may, in its sole discretion, refrain from taking any action, and shall be fully protected and shall not be liable in any way to the Company, the holder of any Right or any other Person for refraining from taking such action, unless
the Rights Agent receives written instructions signed by the Company that eliminate such ambiguity or uncertainty to the satisfaction of the Rights Agent.

32

Section 21. Change of Rights Agent. The Rights Agent or any successor Rights Agent may resign and be discharged from its duties under this Agreement upon thirty (30) days notice in writing to the Company and, in the event that the
Rights Agent or one of its Affiliates is not also the transfer agent for the Company, to each transfer agent of the Common Stock known to the Rights Agent by registered or certified mail. In the event the transfer agency relationship in effect
between the Company and the Rights Agent terminates, the Rights Agent will be deemed to have resigned automatically and be discharged from its duties under this Agreement as of the effective date of such termination and the Company shall be
responsible for sending any required notice related thereto. The Company may remove the Rights Agent or any successor Rights Agent (with or without cause) upon thirty (30) days notice in writing, mailed to the Rights Agent or successor Rights
Agent, as the case may be, and to each transfer agent of the Common Stock by registered or certified mail, and to the holders of the Right Certificates by first-class mail. If the Rights Agent shall resign or be removed or shall otherwise become
incapable of acting, the Company shall appoint a successor to the Rights Agent. If the Company shall fail to make such appointment within a period of thirty (30) days after giving notice of such removal or after it has been notified in writing of
such resignation or incapacity by the resigning or incapacitated Rights Agent or by the holder of a Right Certificate (which holder shall, with such notice, submit such holders Right Certificate for inspection by the Company), then the registered
holder of any Right Certificate may apply, at the expense of the Company, to any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a new Rights Agent. Any successor Rights Agent, whether appointed by the Company or by such a court, shall be
either (a) a Person organized and doing business under the laws of the United States or any state of the United States, in good standing, which is authorized under such laws to exercise corporate trust or stock transfer powers and is subject to
supervision or examination by federal or state authority and which has at the time of its appointment as Rights Agent a combined capital and surplus or net assets, on a consolidated basis, of at least $50 million or (b) an Affiliate or direct or
indirect wholly-owned Subsidiary of such Person or its wholly-owning parent. After appointment, the successor Rights Agent shall be vested with the same powers, rights, duties and responsibilities as if it had been originally named as Rights Agent
without further act or deed; but the predecessor Rights Agent shall deliver and transfer to the successor Rights Agent any property at the time held by it hereunder, and execute and deliver any conveyance, act or deed necessary for the purpose, but
such predecessor Rights Agent shall not be required to make any additional expenditure or assume any additional liability in connection with the foregoing and shall thereafter be discharged from all duties and obligations hereunder. Not later than
the effective date of any such appointment, the Company shall file notice thereof in writing with the predecessor Rights Agent and each transfer agent of the Common Stock, and mail a notice thereof in writing to the registered holders of the Right
Certificates. Failure to give any notice provided for in this Section 21, however, or any defect therein, shall not affect the legality or validity of the resignation or removal of the Rights Agent or the appointment of the successor Rights Agent,
as the case may be.

Section 22. Issuance of New Right Certificates. Notwithstanding any of the provisions of this Agreement or of the Rights to the contrary, the Company may, at its option, issue new Right Certificates evidencing Rights in such form
as may be approved by the Board to reflect any adjustment or change in the Purchase Price and the number or kind or class of shares or other securities or property purchasable under the Right Certificates made in accordance with the provisions of
this Agreement.

33

Section 23. Redemption.

(a) The Board may, at its option, at any
time prior to the earlier of (i) the Close of Business on the tenth (10th) Business Day following the Shares Acquisition Date (or, if the Shares Acquisition Date shall have occurred prior to the Record Date, the Close of Business on the
tenth Business Day following the Record Date), or (ii) the Final Expiration Date, redeem all but not less than all the then outstanding Rights at a redemption price of $0.001 per Right, as such amount may be appropriately adjusted to reflect any
stock split, stock dividend or similar transaction occurring after the date hereof (such redemption price being hereinafter referred to as the Redemption Price).
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Rights shall not be exercisable after the first occurrence of a Section 11(a)(ii) Event until such time as the Companys right of redemption hereunder has expired. The
Company may, at its option, pay the Redemption Price in cash or any other form of consideration deemed appropriate by the Board. The redemption of the Rights by the Board may be made effective at such time, on such basis and with such conditions as
the Board, in its sole discretion, may establish.

(b) Immediately upon the action of the
Board ordering the redemption of the Rights, evidence of which shall have been filed with the Rights Agent and without any further action and without any notice, the right to exercise the Rights will terminate and the only right thereafter of the
holders of Rights shall be to receive the Redemption Price for each Right so held. The Company shall promptly give reasonably detailed written notice of any such exchange to the Rights Agent and shall give public notice of any such redemption;
provided, however, that the failure to give, or any defect in, any such notice shall not affect the validity of such redemption. Within ten (10) days after the effectiveness of the action of the Board ordering the redemption of the Rights, the
Company shall give notice of such redemption to the Rights Agent and the holders of the then outstanding Rights by mailing such notice to all such holders at each holders last address as it appears upon the registry books of the Rights Agent or,
prior to the Distribution Date, on the registry books of the transfer agent for the Common Stock; provided, that the failure to give, or any defect in, such notice shall
not affect the validity of such redemption. Any notice which is mailed in the manner herein provided shall be deemed given, whether or not the holder receives the notice. Each such notice of redemption will state the method by which the payment of
the Redemption Price will be made. Neither the Company nor any of its Affiliates or Associates may redeem, acquire or purchase for value any Rights at any time in any manner other than that specifically set forth in this Section 23 or in Section 24
hereof, and other than in connection with the purchase of shares of Common Stock prior to the Distribution Date.

(c) Neither the Company nor any of its
Affiliates or Associates may redeem, acquire or purchase for value any Rights at any time in any manner other than that specifically set forth in this Section 23 or in Section 24 hereof, and other than in connection with the purchase of shares of
Common Stock prior to the Distribution Date.

34

Section 24. Exchange.

(a) The Board may, at its option, at any
time after any Person becomes an Acquiring Person, exchange all or part of the then outstanding and exercisable Rights (which shall not include Rights that have become null and void pursuant to the provisions of Section 7(e) or Section 11(a)(ii)
hereof) for shares of Common Stock at an exchange ratio of one (1) share of Common Stock per Right, appropriately adjusted to reflect any stock split, stock dividend or similar transaction involving the Common Stock occurring after the date of this
Agreement (such exchange ratio being hereinafter referred to as the Exchange Ratio). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board shall not be empowered to effect such
exchange at any time after any Person (other than the Company, any Subsidiary of the Company, any employee benefit plan of the Company or any such Subsidiary, or any entity holding shares of Common Stock for or pursuant to the terms of any such
plan), together with all Affiliates and Associates of such Person, becomes the Beneficial Owner of fifty percent (50%) or more of the shares of Common Stock then outstanding.

(b) Immediately upon the action of the
Board ordering the exchange of any Rights pursuant to paragraph (a) of this Section 24 and without any further action and without any notice, the right to exercise such Rights shall terminate and the only right thereafter of a holder of such Rights
shall be to receive that number of shares of Common Stock equal to the number of such Rights held by such holder multiplied by the Exchange Ratio. The Company shall promptly give public notice of any such exchange; provided, however, that the failure to give, or any defect in, such notice shall not affect the validity of such
exchange. The Company promptly shall mail a notice of any such exchange to all of the holders of such Rights at their last addresses as they appear upon the registry books of the Rights Agent. Any notice which is mailed in the manner herein
provided shall be deemed given, whether or not the holder receives the notice. Each such notice of exchange will state the method by which the exchange of the shares of Common Stock for Rights will be effected, and, in the event of any partial
exchange, the number of Rights which will be exchanged. Any partial exchange shall be effected pro rata based on the number of Rights (other than Rights which have become null and void pursuant to the provisions of Section 7(e) or Section 11(a)(ii)
hereof) held by each holder of Rights.

(c) In the event that there shall not be
sufficient number of shares of Common Stock authorized but unissued to permit any exchange of Rights as contemplated in accordance with this Section 24, the Company shall take all such action as may be necessary to authorize additional shares of
Common Stock for issuance upon exchange of the Rights. In the event the Company shall, after good faith effort, be unable to take all such action as may be necessary to authorize such additional shares of Common Stock, the Company shall substitute,
for any shares of Common Stock that would otherwise be issuable upon exchange of a Right, (i) cash, (ii) shares of Equivalent Common Stock (as such term is defined in paragraph (a) of Section 11 hereof), (iii) debt securities of the Company, (iv)
other assets or (v) any combination of the foregoing, in each case designed to have a value equal to one (1) share of Common Stock.

(d) Following the action of the Board
ordering the exchange of any Rights pursuant to subsection (a) of this Section 24, the Company may implement such procedures in its sole discretion as it deems appropriate (but which do not affect the rights, duties, liabilities or responsibilities
of the Rights Agent) for the purpose of ensuring that the shares of Common Stock (or such other consideration) issuable upon an exchange pursuant to this Section 24 not be received by holders of Rights that have become null and void pursuant to
Section 7(e) hereof, and provide reasonably prompt written notice thereof to the Rights Agent.

35

(e) The exchange of the Rights by the
Board may be made effective at such time, on such basis and with such conditions as the Board in its sole discretion may establish. Prior to effecting an exchange pursuant to this Section 24, the Board may direct the Company to enter into a Trust
Agreement in such form and with such terms as the Board shall then approve (the Trust Agreement). If the Board so directs, the Company shall enter into the Trust
Agreement and shall issue to the trust created by such agreement (the Trust) all of the shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to the exchange, and all Persons
entitled to receive shares pursuant to the exchange shall be entitled to receive such shares (and any dividends or distributions made thereon after the date on which such shares are deposited in the Trust) only from the Trust and solely upon
compliance with the relevant terms and provisions of the Trust Agreement.

(f) The Company shall not be required to
issue fractions of a share of Common Stock or to distribute certificates which evidence fractional shares of Common Stock. In lieu of such fractional share of a Common Stock, the Company shall pay to the registered holders of the Right Certificates
with regard to which such fractional share of a Common Stock would otherwise be issuable an amount in cash equal to the same fraction of the current market value of a share of Common Stock. For the purposes of this Section 25(f), the current market
value of a share of Common Stock shall be the closing price of a share of a Common Stock (as determined pursuant to the second sentence of Section 14(a)) for the Trading Day immediately prior to the date of exchange pursuant to this Section 24.

(g) Prior to effecting an exchange and
registering the Common Stock (or any such other securities) in any Persons name, including any nominee or transferee of a Person, the Company may require (or cause the trustee of the Trust to require pursuant to the Trust Agreement or otherwise),
as a condition thereof, that any holder of Rights provide evidence, including, without limitation, the identity of the Beneficial Owners thereof and their Affiliates and Associates (or former Beneficial Owners thereof and their Affiliates and
Associates), as the Company shall reasonably request in order to determine if such Rights are null and void. If a Person shall fail to comply with such request, the Company shall be entitled conclusively to deem the Rights held by such Person to be
null and void pursuant to Section 7(e) and Section 11(a)(ii).

36

Section 25. Notice of Certain Events.

(a) In case the Company shall, at any
time after the Distribution Date, propose (i) to pay any dividend payable in stock of any class to the holders of the Common Stock or to make any other distribution to the holders of the Common Stock (other than a regular periodic cash
distributions in the ordinary course), (ii) to offer to the holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or to purchase any additional shares of Common Stock or shares of stock of any class or any other securities, rights or
options, (iii) to effect any reclassification of the Common Stock (other than a reclassification involving only the subdivision of outstanding shares of Common Stock), (iv) to effect any share exchange, consolidation or merger into or with, or to
effect any sale or other transfer (or to permit one or more of its Subsidiaries to effect any sale or other transfer), in one transaction or a series of related transactions, assets, cash flow or earning power aggregating more than 50% of the
assets, cash flow or earning power of the Company and its Subsidiaries (taken as a whole) to any other Person or Persons, (v) to effect the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, or (vi) to declare or pay any dividend on the Common
Stock payable in shares of Common Stock or to effect a subdivision, combination or consolidation of the Common Stock (by reclassification or otherwise than by payment of dividends in shares of Common Stock) then, in each such case, the Company
shall give to each holder of a Right Certificate, in accordance with Section 26 hereof, a notice of such proposed action (with a copy thereof to the Rights Agent), which shall specify the record date for the purposes of such stock dividend, or
distribution of rights or warrants, or the date on which such share exchange, reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer, liquidation, dissolution, or winding up is to take place and the date of participation therein by the holders of
the shares of Common Stock, if any such date is to be fixed, and such notice shall be so given in the case of any action covered by clause (i) or (ii) above at least ten (10) days prior to but not including the record date for determining holders
of the shares of Common Stock for purposes of such action, and, in the case of any such other action, at least 10 days prior to but not including the date of the taking of such proposed action or the date of participation therein by the holders of
the shares of Common Stock, whichever shall be the earlier. The failure to give notice required by this Section 25 or any defect therein shall not affect the legality or validity of the action taken by the Company or the vote upon any such action.

(b) In case the event set forth in
Section 11(a)(ii) hereof shall occur, then the Company shall, as soon as practicable thereafter, give to each holder of a Right Certificate, in accordance with Section 26 hereof, a notice of the occurrence of such event (with a copy thereof to the
Rights Agent), which notice shall describe such event and the consequences of such event to holders of Rights under Section 11(a)(ii) hereof. The failure to give notice required by this Section 25 or any defect therein shall not affect the validity
of the action taken by the Company or the vote upon any such action.

Section 26. Notices. Notices or demands authorized by this Agreement to be given or made by the Rights Agent or by the holder of any Right Certificate to or on the Company shall be sufficiently given or made if in writing and sent
by overnight delivery service or first-class mail, postage prepaid, addressed (until another address is filed in writing with the Rights Agent) as follows:

Barnwell Industries, Inc.

1100 Alakea Street, Suite 500

Honolulu, Hawaii 96813

Attention: Alexander Kinzler

Email: akinzler@brinc.com

Subject to the provisions of Section 21 hereof, any notice or demand authorized by this Agreement to be given or made by the Company or by the holder of any Right
Certificate to or on the Rights Agent shall be sufficiently given or made if in writing and sent by overnight delivery service or first-class mail, postage prepaid, addressed (until another address is filed in writing by the Rights Agent with the
Company) as follows:

37

Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions, LLC

P.O. Box 1342

Brentwood, NY 11717

Attention: Corporate Actions Department

with a copy (which will not constitute notice) to:

Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.

2 Gateway Center

Newark, NJ 07102

Attention: General Counsel

email: legalnotices@broadridge.com

Notices or demands authorized by this Agreement to be given or made by the Company or the Rights Agent to the holder of any Right Certificate shall be sufficiently
given or made if in writing and sent by first-class mail, postage prepaid, addressed to such holder at the address of such holder as shown on the registry books of the Company.

Section 27. Supplements and Amendments. Except as provided in the penultimate and last sentence of this Section 27, prior to the Distribution Date and subject to the provisions of this Section 27, the Company may in its sole and
absolute discretion and the Rights Agent shall, if the Company so directs, supplement or amend any provision of this Agreement (including but not limited to the Final Expiration Date) without the approval of any holders of Rights or shares of
Common Stock. From and after the Distribution Date and subject to the provisions of this Section 27, the Company may, and the Rights Agent shall, if the Company so directs, supplement or amend this Agreement without the approval of any holders of
Right Certificates in order (i) to cure any ambiguity, (ii) to correct or supplement any provision contained herein which may be defective or inconsistent with any other provisions herein, (iii) to shorten or lengthen any time period hereunder or
(iv) to change or supplement the provisions hereunder in any manner which the Company may deem necessary or desirable which shall not adversely affect the interests of the holders of Right Certificates (other than any interest an Acquiring Person
or an Affiliate or Associate of an Acquiring Person has other than as a holder of Rights). In addition, the Company may and the Rights Agent shall, if the Company so directs, supplement or amend this Agreement without the approval of any holders of
shares of Common Stock following the occurrence of the Distribution Date but prior to a Section 13 Event either (x) in connection with any event specified in clauses (x), (y) and (z) of Section 13(a) in which all holders of shares of Common Stock
are treated alike and not involving (other than as a holder of shares of Common Stock being treated like all other such holders) an Acquiring Person or an Affiliate or Associate of an Acquiring Person, or any other Person acting directly or
indirectly on behalf of or in association with any such Acquiring Person, Affiliate or Associate, or (y) following the occurrence of a Shares Acquisition Date if and for as long as the Acquiring Person is not thereafter the Beneficial Owner of 20%
or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company then outstanding, and at the time of such amendment or supplement there is no other Person who is an Acquiring Person. Upon the delivery of a certificate from an appropriate officer
of the Company which states that the proposed supplement or amendment is in compliance with the terms of this Section 27, the Rights Agent shall execute such supplement or amendment. Prior to the Distribution Date, the interests of the holders of
Rights shall be deemed coincident with the interests of the holders of shares of Common Stock. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Rights Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, enter into any supplement or
amendment that affects the Rights Agents own rights, duties, obligations or immunities under this Agreement. No supplement or amendment to this Agreement shall be effective unless duly executed by the Rights Agent and the Company.

38

Section 28. Successors. All the covenants and provisions of this Agreement by or for the benefit of the Company or the Rights Agent shall bind and inure to the benefit of their respective successors and assigns hereunder.

Section 29. Determinations and Actions by the Board, etc. For all purposes of this Agreement, any calculation of the number of shares of Common Stock or any other class of capital stock outstanding at any particular time, including
for purposes of determining the particular percentage of such outstanding shares of Common Stock of which any Person is the Beneficial Owner, shall be made in accordance with the last sentence of Rule 13d-3(d)(1)(i) of the General Rules and
Regulations under the Exchange Act. Without limiting the rights and immunities or expanding the duties or obligations of the Rights Agent, the Board shall have the power, authority and discretion to administer this Agreement and to exercise all
rights and powers specifically granted to the Board or the Company, or as may be necessary or advisable in the administration of this Agreement, including, without limitation, the right and power to (i) interpret the provisions of this Agreement,
and (ii) make all determinations deemed necessary or advisable for the administration of this Agreement (including, but not limited to, a determination to redeem or not redeem the Rights, to amend the Agreement or to find or to announce publicly
that any Person has become an Acquiring Person). All such actions, calculations, interpretations and determinations (including, for purposes of clauses (i) and (iii) below, all omissions with respect to the foregoing) which are done or made by the
Board or the Company (i) shall be within the discretion of the Board, (ii) shall be final, conclusive and binding on the Company, the Rights Agent, the holders of the Right Certificates and all other parties, and (iii) shall not subject the Board
to any liability to the holders of the Rights and Right Certificates. The Rights Agent is entitled always to assume that the Board acted in good faith and shall be fully protected and incur no liability in reliance thereon. Notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, in no event shall a determination of the Board that would reasonably be expected to adversely affect the rights of the Rights Agent under this Agreement be binding upon the Rights Agent without the written consent of the
Rights Agent, in its sole discretion.

Section 30. Benefits of this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to give to any Person other than the Company, the Rights Agent and the registered holders of the Right Certificates (and, prior to the
Distribution Date, the shares of Common Stock) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under this Agreement; but this Agreement shall be for the sole and exclusive benefit of the Company, the Rights Agent and the registered holders of the
Right Certificates (and, prior to the Distribution Date, the shares of Common Stock). provided, however, that the registered holders of the Rights Certificates (and, prior to the Distribution Date, the registered holders of shares of Common Stock)
must enforce any such legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under this Agreement against the Company and not the Rights Agent.

39

Section 31. Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction or other authority to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms,
provisions, covenants and restrictions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated; provided, however, that notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if any such term, provision, covenant or restriction is held by such court or authority to be
invalid, void or unenforceable and the Board determines in its good faith judgment that severing the invalid language from this Agreement would adversely affect the purpose or effect of this Agreement, the right of redemption set forth in Section
23 hereof shall be reinstated and shall not expire until the Close of Business on the tenth Business Day following the date of such determination by the Board or, if earlier, immediately prior to any such merger. Without limiting the foregoing, if
any provision requiring that a determination be made by less than the entire Board (or with the concurrence of specified directors) is held by a court of competent jurisdiction or other authority to be invalid, void or unenforceable, such
determination shall then be made by the entire Board in accordance with applicable law and the Companys Certificate of Incorporation and the Companys Bylaws, in each case, as may be amended, supplemented or corrected from time to time.
Furthermore, if such excluded provision shall affect the rights, immunities, liabilities, duties or obligations of the Rights Agent, the Rights Agent shall be entitled to resign immediately upon written notice to the Company.

Section 32. Governing Law; Venue. This Agreement, each Right and each Right Certificate issued hereunder shall be deemed to be a contract made under the laws of the State of Delaware and for all purposes shall be governed by
and construed in accordance with the laws of such State applicable to contracts to be made, without reference to its conflicts of law principles, and performed entirely within such State. To the fullest extent permitted by law, any claim relating
to or brought pursuant to this Agreement by any person (including any record or beneficial owner of share of Common Stock or preferred stock, any registered or beneficial owner of a Right, any Acquiring Person or the Rights Agent) shall be brought
solely and exclusively in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if such court does not have jurisdiction, the Superior Court of the State of Delaware, or, if such other court does not have jurisdiction, the United States District
Court for the District of Delaware).

Section 33. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and each of such counterparts shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts shall together constitute but one
and the same instrument. A signature to this Agreement transmitted electronically shall have the same authority, effect, and enforceability as an original signature.

Section 34. Descriptive Headings. Descriptive headings of the several Sections of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not control or affect the meaning or construction of any of the provisions hereof.

Section 35. Force Majeure. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Rights Agent shall not be liable for any delays or failures in performance resulting from acts beyond its reasonable control including,
without limitation, acts of God, epidemics, pandemics, terrorist acts, shortage of supply, breakdowns or malfunctions, interruptions or malfunction of computer facilities, or loss of data due to power failures or mechanical difficulties with
information storage or retrieval systems, labor difficulties, war, or civil unrest.

Section 36. PATRIOT Act. Each Person that is a party hereto acknowledges that the Rights Agent may be subject to the customer identification program (Customer
Identification Program) requirements under the USA PATRIOT Act and its implementing regulations, and that the Rights Agent routinely obtains, verifies and records information that allows the Rights Agent to identify each such person
or entity. Accordingly, prior to accepting an appointment hereunder, the Rights Agent may request information from any such person or entity that will help the Rights Agent to identify such person or entity, including without limitation, as
applicable, such person or entitys physical address, tax identification number, organizational documents, certificate of good standing, license to do business, or any other information that the Rights Agent deems necessary. Each person or entity
that is a party hereto acknowledges that the Rights Agent cannot accept an appointment hereunder unless and until the Rights Agent verifies each such person or entitys identity in accordance with the Customer Identification Program requirements.

40

Section 37. Rules of Construction. Unless the context otherwise requires:

(a) A capitalized term has
the meaning assigned to it;

(b) References in the singular or to
it, itself, or other like references, and references in the plural, as the case may be, shall also, when the context so requires, be deemed to include the plural or singular reference, as the case may be;

(c) References to Sections shall
refer to sections of this Agreement, unless otherwise specified;

(d) All monetary figures shall be
in United States dollars unless otherwise specified;

(e) References to including in
this Agreement shall mean including, without limitation, whether or not so specified;

(f) References to hereof,
herein and hereunder and words of similar import, when used in this Agreement, refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement;

(g) References to any law or to any
provision of any law will include any modification, amendment or re-enactment thereof, any legislative provision substituted therefore and all rules, regulations and statutory instruments issued or related to such law; and

(h) References to a Person are also
to its permitted successors and assigns.

[signature page follows]

41

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the day and year first above written.

BARNWELL INDUSTRIES, INC.

By: /s/ Russell M. Gifford

Name: Russell M. Gifford 

Title: Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer

BROADRIDGE CORPORATE ISSUER SOLUTIONS, LLC 

By: /s/ John P. Dunn

Name: John P. Dunn

Title: Senior Vice President

[Signature Page to Rights Agreement]

Exhibit A

Form of Right Certificate

Certificate No. R- 

Rights

NOT EXERCISABLE AFTER THE CLOSE OF BUSINESS ON JANUARY 26, 2026 (UNLESS EXTENDED BY THE STOCKHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RIGHTS
AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF JANUARY 26, 2025, BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND THE RIGHTS AGENT (AS DEFINED THEREIN)), OR EARLIER IF REDEMPTION OR EXCHANGE OCCURS. THE RIGHTS ARE SUBJECT TO REDEMPTION AT $0.001 PER RIGHT AND TO EXCHANGE ON THE TERMS SET FORTH IN
THE AGREEMENT. UNDER CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES, RIGHTS BENEFICIALLY OWNED BY AN ACQUIRING PERSON OR AN ASSOCIATE OR AFFILIATE OF AN ACQUIRING PERSON (AS SUCH TERMS ARE DEFINED IN THE RIGHTS AGREEMENT) AND ANY SUBSEQUENT HOLDER OF SUCH RIGHTS MAY BECOME
NULL AND VOID. [THE BENEFICIAL OWNER OF THE RIGHTS REPRESENTED BY THIS RIGHT CERTIFICATE MAY BE AN ACQUIRING PERSON OR AN AFFILIATE OR ASSOCIATE (AS DEFINED IN THE RIGHTS AGREEMENT) OF AN ACQUIRING PERSON OR A SUBSEQUENT HOLDER OF A RIGHT
CERTIFICATE BENEFICIALLY OWNED BY SUCH PERSONS. ACCORDINGLY, UNDER CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES AS PROVIDED IN THE RIGHTS AGREEMENT, THIS RIGHT CERTIFICATE AND THE RIGHTS REPRESENTED HEREBY WILL BE NULL AND VOID.]1

Right Certificate

Barnwell Industries, Inc.

This certifies that , or registered assigns, is the registered owner of the number of Rights set forth above, each of which entitles the owner
thereof, subject to the terms, provisions and conditions of the Agreement, dated as of January 26, 2025 (the Agreement), between Barnwell Industries, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the Company), and Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions, LLC, (the Rights Agent),

to purchase from the Company at any time after the Distribution Date (as such term is defined in the Agreement) and prior to the Close of Business (as such term is defined in the Agreement) on February 7, 2025, at the office or offices of the
Rights Agent designated for such purpose, or at the office of its successor as Rights Agent, one (1) share of common stock, par value $0.50 per share (the Common Stock),
at a purchase price of $9.00 per share of Common Stock (the Purchase Price), upon presentation and surrender of this Right Certificate with the Form of Election to
Purchase duly executed. The number of Rights evidenced by this Right Certificate (and the number of shares of Common Stock which may be purchased upon exercise hereof) set forth above, and the Purchase Price set forth above, are the number and
Purchase Price as of February 7, 2025, based on the Common Stock as constituted at such date. As provided in the Agreement, the Purchase Price and the number of shares of Common Stock which may be purchased upon the exercise of the Rights evidenced
by this Right Certificate are subject to modification and adjustment upon the happening of certain events.

1 The portion of the legend in brackets shall be inserted only if applicable and shall replace the preceding sentence.

A-1

This Right Certificate is subject to all of the terms, provisions and conditions of the Agreement, which terms, provisions and conditions are hereby
incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof and to which Agreement reference is hereby made for a full description of the rights, limitations of rights, obligations, duties and immunities hereunder of the Rights Agent, the Company and
the holders of the Right Certificates. Copies of the Agreement are on file at the principal executive offices of the Company and at the office or offices of the Rights Agent designated for such purpose.

This Right Certificate, with or without other Right Certificates, upon surrender at the office or offices of the Rights Agent designated for such
purposes, may be exchanged for another Right Certificate or Right Certificates of like tenor and date evidencing Rights entitling the holder to purchase a like aggregate number of shares of Common Stock as the Rights evidenced by the Right
Certificate or Right Certificates surrendered shall have entitled such holder to purchase. If this Right Certificate shall be exercised in part, the holder shall be entitled to receive upon surrender hereof another Right Certificate or Right
Certificates for the number of whole Rights not exercised.

Subject to the provisions of the Agreement, the Rights evidenced by this Right Certificate (i) may be redeemed by the Company at a redemption price
of $0.001 per Right or (ii) may be exchanged in whole or in part for shares of Common Stock or other securities.

No fractional shares of Common Stock will be issued upon the exercise of any Right or Rights evidenced hereby, but, in lieu thereof, a cash payment
will be made, as provided in the Agreement.

No holder of this Right Certificate shall be entitled to vote or receive dividends or be deemed for any purpose the holder of the shares of Common
Stock or of any other securities of the Company which may at any time be issuable on the exercise hereof, nor shall anything contained in the Agreement or herein be construed to confer upon the holder hereof, as such, any of the rights of a
shareholder of the Company or any right to vote for the election of directors or upon any matter submitted to shareholders at any meeting thereof, or to give or withhold consent to any corporate action, or to receive notice of meetings or other
actions affecting shareholders (except as provided in the Agreement), or to receive dividends or subscription rights, or otherwise, until the Right or Rights evidenced by this Right Certificate shall have been exercised as provided in the
Agreement.

This Right Certificate shall not be valid or obligatory for any purpose until it shall have been countersigned by the Rights Agent.

A-2

WITNESS the facsimile signature of the proper officers of the Company and its corporate seal.

Dated as of January 26, 2025

Attest: 

BARNWELL INDUSTRIES, INC.

/s/ Alexander C. Kinzler

By: /s/ Russell M. Gifford

Name: Alexander C. Kinzler 

Name: Russell M. Gifford

Title: General Counsel and Secretary 

Title: Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer

Countersigned: 

Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions, LLC, as Rights Agent 

By: /s/ John P. Dunn

Name: John P. Dunn

Title: Senior Vice President

A-3

Form of Reverse Side of Right Certificate

FORM OF ASSIGNMENT

(To be executed by the registered holder if such

holder desires to transfer the Right Certificate.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED _________________ hereby sells, assigns and transfers unto

(Please print name and address of transferee) 

this Right Certificate, together with all right, title and interest therein, and does hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint as Attorney in fact, to transfer the
within Right Certificate on the books of the within-named Company, with full power of substitution.

Dated: 

Signature

Signature Guaranteed:

Signatures must be guaranteed by a member or participant in the Securities Transfer Agents Medallion Program (STAMP), the New York Stock Exchange Medallion Signature Program (MSP), or the Stock Exchanges Medallion Program (SEMP) at a guarantee level reasonably acceptable to the Companys Transfer Agent. Guarantees by a notary public are not acceptable.

Signature

The undersigned hereby certifies that the Rights evidenced by this Right Certificate are not Beneficially Owned by an Acquiring Person or an
Affiliate or Associate thereof (as defined in the Agreement).

A-4

Form of Reverse Side of Right Certificate continued

FORM OF ELECTION TO PURCHASE

(To be executed if holder desires to exercise

Rights represented by the Right Certificate.)

To: Barnwell Industries, Inc.:

The undersigned hereby irrevocably elects to exercise Rights represented by this Right Certificate to purchase shares of Common Stock issuable upon
the exercise of such Rights and requests that certificates for such shares of Common Stock be issued in the name of:

Please insert social security

or other identifying number

(Please print name and address) 

If such number of Rights shall not be all the Rights evidenced by this Right Certificate, a new Right Certificate for the balance remaining of such Rights shall be
registered in the name of and delivered to:

Please insert social security

or other identifying number

(Please print name and address) 

Dated: 

Signature

Signature Guaranteed:

Signatures must be guaranteed by a member or participant in the Securities Transfer Agents Medallion Program (STAMP), the New York Stock Exchange Medallion Signature Program (MSP), or the Stock Exchanges Medallion Program (SEMP) at a guarantee level reasonably acceptable to the Companys Transfer Agent. Guarantees by a notary public are not acceptable.

A-5

The undersigned hereby certifies that the Rights evidenced by this Right Certificate are not Beneficially Owned by an Acquiring Person or an
Affiliate or Associate thereof (as defined in the Agreement).

Signature

NOTICE

The signature in the Form of Assignment or Form of Election to Purchase, as the case may be, must conform to the name as written upon the face of
this Right Certificate in every particular, without alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever.

In the event the certification set forth above in the Form of Assignment or the Form of Election to Purchase, as the case may be, is not completed,
the Company and the Rights Agent will deem the Beneficial Owner of the Rights evidenced by this Right Certificate to be an Acquiring Person or an Affiliate or Associate thereof (as defined in the Agreement) and such Assignment or Election to
Purchase will not be honored.

A-6

Exhibit B

SUMMARY OF RIGHTS TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK

Introduction

On January 26, 2025, the Board of Directors (the Board) of Barnwell
Industries, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), declared a dividend of one (1) right to (a Right)

for each outstanding share of common stock, par value $0.50 per share, of the Company (Common Stock) to purchase one (1) share of Common Stock at a price of $9.00. The
dividend is payable to the shareholders of record on February 7, 2025.

Our Board has adopted this Rights Agreement to protect shareholders from coercive or otherwise unfair takeover tactics. In general terms, it works
by imposing a significant penalty upon any person or group which acquires 20% or more of our outstanding shares of Common Stock without the approval of our Board. The Rights Agreement should not interfere with any merger or other business
combination approved by our Board.

For those interested in the specific terms of the Rights Agreement as made between our Company and Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions, LLC, as
the Rights Agent, on January 26, 2025, we provide the following summary description. Please note, however, that this description is only a summary, and is not complete, and should be read together with the entire Rights Agreement, which has been
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as an exhibit to a Registration Statement on Form 8-A dated January 26, 2025. A copy of the agreement is available free of charge from our Company. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise
defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Rights Agreement.

The Rights. Our Board authorized the issuance of a Right
with respect to each share of Common Stock outstanding on February 7, 2025. The Rights will initially trade with, and will be inseparable from, the Common Stock. The Rights are evidenced only by certificates that represent shares of Common Stock or
by the registration of uncertificated shares of Common Stock in the Companys share register. New Rights will accompany any new shares of Common Stock we issue after February 7, 2025, until the Distribution Date described below.

Exercise Price. Each Right will allow its holder to
purchase from our Company one (1) share of Common Stock for $9.00, once the Rights become exercisable. Prior to exercise, the Right does not give its holder any dividend, voting, or liquidation rights.

Exercisability. The Rights will not be exercisable until
ten (10) business days after the public announcement that a person or group (subject to certain limited exceptions) has become an Acquiring Person by obtaining
beneficial ownership (including any derivative security that increases in value as the value of shares of Common Stock increase or that provides the holder with an opportunity to profit from any increase in the value of shares of Common Stock) of
20% or more of our outstanding shares of Common Stock. A shareholder owning 20% or more of our outstanding shares of Common Stock at the time the Rights Agreement is adopted will not be deemed to be an Acquiring Person unless such shareholder
acquires additional shares of Common Stock representing 0.25% or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock.

B-1

We refer to the date when the Rights become exercisable as the Distribution Date.
Until that date, the Common Stock certificates and registration of uncertificated Common Stock in the Companys share register will also evidence the Rights, and any transfer of shares of Common Stock will constitute a transfer of Rights. After
that date, the Rights will separate from the Common Stock and be evidenced by book-entry credits or by Right certificates that we will mail to all eligible holders of Common Stock. Any Rights held by an Acquiring Person are null and void and may
not be exercised.

Consequences of a Person or Group Becoming an Acquiring Person.

Flip In. In the event that a person or group of affiliated or associated persons becomes
an Acquiring Person (unless the event causing such person or group to become an Acquiring Person is a transaction described under Flip-Over, below), each holder of a Right (except the Acquiring Person and certain related parties and
transferees) will thereafter have the right to receive, upon exercise, Common Stock (or, in certain circumstances, cash, property or other securities of the Company) having a value equal to two times the exercise price of the Right. When
calculating a persons or group of affiliated or associated persons beneficial ownership to determine whether such person or group has become an Acquiring Person, if the person or any of that persons affiliates or associates holds any
option, warrant, convertible security, stock appreciation right or other contractual right or derivative with an exercise or conversion privilege or a settlement payment or mechanism at a price related to, or a value determined in reference
to, shares of Common Stock and that increases in value as the value of shares of Common Stock increases or that provides the holder with an opportunity to profit from any increase in the value of shares of Common Stock (a Synthetic Long Position), then that person shall be deemed to beneficially own the shares of Common Stock in respect of such Synthetic Long Position.

Flip Over. If our Company is later acquired in a merger or similar transaction after the
Rights Distribution Date, all holders of Rights except the Acquiring Person may, for $9.00, purchase one (1) share of common stock of the acquiring corporation.

Expiration. The Rights will expire on the close of
business on January 26, 2026, unless extended by the stockholders of the Company prior to such date, in which case the Rights will expire not later than the close of business on January 26, 2028.

Redemption. Subject to the provisions of the Rights
Agreement, our Board may at its option at a redemption price of $0.001 per Right at any time prior to the earlier of (x) the Close of Business on the tenth (10th) Business Day following the Share Acquisition Date (or, if the Share
Acquisition Date shall have occurred prior to the Record Date, the Close of Business on the tenth (10th) Business Day following the Record Date), or (y) the Final Expiration Date.

If our Board redeems any Rights, it must redeem all of the Rights. Once the Rights are redeemed, the only right of the holders of Rights will be to
receive the redemption price of $0.001 per Right. The redemption price will be adjusted if we have a stock split or stock dividends of our Common Stock.

B-2

Exchange. After a person or group becomes an Acquiring
Person, but before an Acquiring Person owns 50% or more of our outstanding shares of Common Stock, our Board may extinguish the Rights by exchanging one (1) share of Common Stock or an alternative security for each Right, other than Rights held by
the Acquiring Person.

Anti-Dilution Provisions. Our Board may adjust the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable and the number of outstanding Rights to prevent dilution that may occur from a stock dividend, a stock split, a reclassification of the Common Stock.

Amendments. Until the Distribution Date, or thereafter
under certain circumstances, the Company may amend the Rights in any manner. The Company may also amend the Rights Agreement after the Distribution Date to cure ambiguities, to correct defective or inconsistent provisions or in any manner that does
not adversely affect the interests of holders of the Rights.

Taxes. While the dividend of the Rights will not be
taxable to the shareholders or the Company, the shareholders or the Company may, depending upon the circumstances, recognize taxable income if the Rights become exercisable or are redeemed as set forth above.

B-3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ef20042328_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

BARNWELL INDUSTRIES, INC. 

1100 Alakea Street, Suite 500

Honolulu, Hawaii 96813

Telephone (808) 531-8400

Fax (808) 531-7181

Website: www.brninc.com

Barnwell Industries, Inc. Adopts Limited-Duration Shareholder Rights Plan

Designed to Prevent Creeping Control by 30% Shareholder and

Protect the Long-Term Value for All Shareholders

HONOLULU, HAWAII, January 27, 2025 -- Barnwell Industries, Inc. (NYSE American: BRN) (Barnwell or the Company) today announced that the Board of Directors (the
Board) of Barnwell has adopted a limited-duration shareholder rights plan (Rights Plan) designed to protect the interests of the Company and all of its shareholders. The Rights Plan is also intended to provide the Board sufficient time to
make informed judgments and take actions that are in the best interests of Barnwell and all of its shareholders.

The Rights Plan was adopted in response to the significant ownership position of Ned Sherwood and his affiliates (the Sherwood Group), which, based on public
records, is approximately 30.00% of Barnwells outstanding common stock, and the refusal of the Sherwood Group to extend the Cooperation and Support Agreement, entered into by Alexander Kinzler, the former CEO of the Company, and Secretary and
General Counsel of the Company, and the Sherwood Group, following its pending expiration.

A special committee of the Board of Directors (Special Committee), consisting of Kenneth Grossman and Joshua Horowitz, was established by the Board on November 7,
2024, to review, consider and make recommendations to the Board with respect to certain corporate governance matters.

The Special Committee recommended to the Board that the Rights Plan be adopted to protect all shareholders of the Company from any entity, person or group achieving
control over the Company through a creeping acquisition or otherwise. Such creeping control would, in the Special Committees view, among other things, not be in the best interest of the shareholders of the Company.

The Board believed it was prudent to adopt the Rights Plan after concerted efforts by the Special Committee to engage with the Sherwood Group were rebuffed.
Notwithstanding the statements made by Ned Sherwood to members of the Board and management of the Company that he will obtain control of the Company in the new year and will bring fresh ideas and perspectives to address the Companys operations,
the Sherwood Group has not offered any ideas regarding the Companys businesses, made any recommendations to improve shareholder value or provided any new investment opportunities or alternative investment strategies, despite repeated requests to
do so.

1

The Rights Plan is designed to enable Barnwells shareholders to realize the long-term value of their investment, provide an opportunity for shareholders to receive
fair and equal treatment in the event of any proposed takeover of Barnwell and guard against tactics to gain control of Barnwell without paying shareholders an appropriate premium for that control. The Rights Plan is not intended to deter good
faith offers to purchase its shares or preclude the Board or the Special Committee from taking action that it believes is in the best interest of the Company and its shareholders.

The Special Committee recognizes that the Sherwood Group has a large share position and welcomes engagement with them, and any other shareholder, that is consistent
with the Companys status as a 70-year-old oil & gas exploration and development company. If the Sherwood Group were to gain control, and based upon interaction with the Sherwood Group Board designees, the Special Committee believes it is
highly likely that the Sherwood Group would seek to modify the Companys core business and strategy, including but not limited to exiting the Companys oil & gas businesses at discounts to their value in order to seek undefined and vague
opportunities.

With the new Rights Plan, the Board seeks to deter the Sherwood Group from its efforts to take creeping control of the Company by purchasing more shares. The
Special Committee remains willing to engage with the Sherwood Group and other shareholders to develop constructive ideas for the future of the Company. However, at this point the Special Committee can only conclude that the Sherwood Group intends
to pursue its goals by running its board slate for election at the next annual meeting, without informing stakeholders what it intends to do if it achieves full control of the Board. The Company has been clear with shareholders about its
commitment to maintaining the business in which shareholders invested and has honored that commitment.

The Rights Plan is similar to other common stock rights plans adopted by other publicly held companies. Under the Rights Plan, Barnwell will issue one right for each
Barnwell common share outstanding as of the close of business on February 7, 2025. All shareholders will receive one right for each share owned. The rights will initially trade with Barnwells common stock and will become exercisable only if a
person acquires 20% or more of Barnwells outstanding common stock. Any shareholders with beneficial ownership of 20% or more of Barnwells outstanding common stock (including the Sherwood Group) prior to this announcement are grandfathered at
their beneficial ownership levels at the date the Rights Plan was adopted but are not permitted to acquire additional common stock representing 0.25% or more of the outstanding common stock, subject to limited exceptions, without triggering the
Rights Plan. The Rights Plan is effective immediately and will expire in one year, unless the rights are earlier redeemed or exchanged. Any extension would be subject to prior approval by the Companys shareholders.

Pursuant to the Rights Plan, should it be triggered, the Board may decide that:

Each right will entitle shareholders (other than the acquiring person, whose rights will have become void and will not be exercisable) to purchase a specific number of shares of Barnwell common
stock at an effectively half price.

Alternatively, (on a cashless basis) each outstanding right (other than the rights held by the acquiring person, whose rights will have become void) will be exchanged for one share of common
stock.

2

Further details about the Rights Plan will be contained in a Form 8-K and Form 8-A to be filed by the Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

The information contained in this press release contains forward-looking statements, within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. A forward-looking statement is one which is based on current expectations of future events or
conditions and does not relate to historical or current facts. These statements include various estimates, forecasts, projections of Barnwells future performance, statements of Barnwells plans and objectives, and other similar statements.
Forward-looking statements include phrases such as expects, anticipates, intends, plans, believes, predicts, estimates, assumes, projects, may, will, will be, should, or similar expressions. Although Barnwell believes
that its current expectations are based on reasonable assumptions, it cannot assure that the expectations contained in such forward-looking statements will be achieved. Forward-looking statements involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions which
could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in such statements. The risks, uncertainties and other factors that might cause actual results to differ materially from Barnwells expectations are set forth in the
Forward-Looking Statements, Risk Factors and other sections of Barnwells annual report on Form 10-K for the last fiscal year and Barnwells other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Investors should not place undue reliance
on the forward-looking statements contained in this press release, as they speak only as of the date of this press release, and Barnwell expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to publicly release any updates or revisions to any
forward-looking statements contained herein.

CONTACT: 

Kenneth S. Grossman

Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors

Phone: (516) 482-8841

Email: kensgrossman@gmail.com

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>brn-20250126.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>brn-20250126_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Amendment Flag 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>brn-20250126_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>image01.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>image02.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Document and Entity Information

Jan. 26, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 26, 2025

Entity File Number 1-5103

Entity Registrant Name BARNWELL INDUSTRIES, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0000010048

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Tax Identification Number 72-0496921

Entity Address, Address Line One 1100 Alakea Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 500

Entity Address, City or Town Honolulu

Entity Address, State or Province HI

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 96813

City Area Code 808

Local Phone Number 531-8400

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $0.50 Par Value

Trading Symbol BRN

Security Exchange Name NYSEAMER

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://brninc.com/role/DocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

brn-20250126.xsd 
brn-20250126_lab.xml 
brn-20250126_pre.xml 
ef20042328_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001140361-25-001946-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>ef20042328_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000010048 

2025-01-26 
2025-01-26 

false 
0000010048 
8-K 
2025-01-26 
BARNWELL INDUSTRIES, INC. 
DE 
1-5103 
72-0496921 
1100 Alakea Street 
Suite 500 
Honolulu 
HI 
96813 
808 
531-8400 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.50 Par Value 
BRN 
NYSEAMER 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>