<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001929980-25-000257.txt : 20250410
<SEC-HEADER>0001929980-25-000257.hdr.sgml : 20250410
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250410170025
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001929980-25-000257
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		22
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250404
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Changes in Control of Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Change in Shell Company Status
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250410
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250410

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Classover Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002022308
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-EDUCATIONAL SERVICES [8200]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		EIN:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42588
		FILM NUMBER:		25829093

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8 THE GREEN
		STREET 2:		STE B
		CITY:			DOVER
		STATE:			DE
		ZIP:			19901
		BUSINESS PHONE:		530-574-6789

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8 THE GREEN
		STREET 2:		STE B
		CITY:			DOVER
		STATE:			DE
		ZIP:			19901
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>class_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?class_8k.htm

0002022308false--12-3100020223082025-04-042025-04-040002022308class:ClassBCommonSharesMember2025-04-042025-04-040002022308class:RedeemableWarrantMember2025-04-042025-04-04iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): April 4, 2025

CLASSOVER HOLDINGS, INC.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)

Delaware 

001-42588 

99-2827182

(State or Other Jurisdiction 

(Commission File Number) 

(IRS Employer

of Incorporation) 

Identification No.)

450 7th Avenue, Suite 905

New York, New York 

10123

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

(Zip Code)

(800) 345-9588

(Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code)

N/A

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e 4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Class B Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

KIDZ 

The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Redeemable warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class B Common Stock, each at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 

KIDZW 

The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Introductory Note

As previously disclosed, on May 12, 2024, Classover Holdings, Inc. (Pubco) entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Business Combination Agreement), by and among Pubco, Battery Future Acquisition Corp, a Cayman Islands exempted company (BFAC), Class Over Inc., a Delaware corporation (Class Over), BFAC Merger Sub 1 Corp., a Delaware corporation (Merger Sub 1), and BFAC Merger Sub 2 Corp., a Delaware corporation (Merger Sub 2 and together with Merger Sub 1, the Merger Subs). 

Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, upon the closing of the Business Combination (the Closing), Merger Sub 1 was to merge with and into BFAC (the Reorganization Merger), with BFAC being the surviving corporation of the Reorganization Merger and becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of Pubco, and then, immediately following the consummation of the Reorganization Merger, Merger Sub 2 was to merge with and into the Company (the Acquisition Merger, and together with the Reorganization Merger, the Mergers or the Business Combination), with the Company being the surviving corporation of the Acquisition Merger and becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of Pubco. On April 4, 2025 (the Closing Date), the parties consummated the Mergers and the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement.

At Closing, all issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares of BFAC were exchanged for shares of Class B Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (Class B Common Stock), of Pubco and each BFAC warrant outstanding was converted into a warrant to purchase Class B Common Stock of Pubco (each, a Warrant). Additionally, at Closing, Pubco issued to the former security holders of Class Over an aggregate of 6,535,014 shares of Class A Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (Class A Common Stock, and together with the Class B Common Stock, the Common Stock), of Pubco, 5,964,986 shares of Class B Common Stock of Pubco and 1,000,000 shares of Series A preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share (Series A Preferred Stock), of Pubco (collectively, the Merger Consideration Shares) in exchange for their equity interests in Class Over. 

In addition, at Closing, Pubco issued to a certain investor (the PIPE Investor) (i) 2,400 shares of Series B preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share (Series B Preferred Stock), of Pubco, (ii) a warrant to purchase 1,600 shares of Series B Preferred Stock of Pubco (the First Preferred Warrant), and (iii) a warrant to purchase 1,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock of Pubco (the Second Preferred Warrant, and together with the First Preferred Warrant, the Preferred Warrants), pursuant to the terms of a PIPE Agreement, dated November 22, 2024 (the PIPE Agreement), entered into by Pubco, BFAC and the PIPE Investor. At the Closing, the PIPE Investor exercised the First Preferred Warrant to purchase 1,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock. The PIPE Agreement and the Preferred Warrants together provide for the issuance of up to an aggregate of 5,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock of Pubco, with 3,400 shares issued at Closing for $3,230,000 (net of original issue discount), and the remaining shares issuable upon the exercise of the Second Preferred Warrant at later dates, subject to certain conditions, for an aggregate exercise price of up to $1,520,000 (net of original issue discount). In connection with the PIPE, certain former shareholders of Class Over transferred an aggregate of 1,000,000 shares of Class B Common Stock of Pubco to the PIPE Investor. 

The description of the Business Combination Agreement and the PIPE Agreement contained in this Current Report on Form 8-K does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the text of the Business Combination Agreement and PIPE Agreement, respectively, which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the BFACs Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 15, 2024 and BFACs Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 26, 2024, respectively, and is incorporated by reference herein. Additionally, a description of Pubcos securities issued in the Business Combination and pursuant to the PIPE Agreement is set forth in the section of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus entitled Description of Pubco Securities beginning on page 196 and incorporated herein by reference.

2

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

The information set forth in the Introductory Note of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.

Executive Employment Agreements

On the Closing Date, Ms. Hui Luo, the founder and Chief Executive Officer of Class Over, entered into an employment agreement with Pubco (the Employment Agreement) pursuant to which Ms. Luo will serve as Pubcos Chief Executive Officer. The Employment Agreement generally provides for a term of three (3) years and for an annual base salary of $240,000, payable monthly. Ms. Luo will also be eligible for an annual bonus in cash, Pubco stock, or both, based on performance targets set by the Pubco board of directors (the Pubco Board), and will participate in Pubcos 2024 Equity Incentive Plan (the Equity Incentive Plan). Upon termination, Ms. Luo will receive any accrued but unpaid base salary, an additional amount equal to 50% of the then-current base salary, and any awarded but unpaid annual bonus for the preceding year. Ms. Luo is subject to certain restrictive covenants, including but not limited to confidentiality, non-disclosure and non-solicitation covenants under her Employment Agreement.

The foregoing description of the Employment Agreement is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of such Employment Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto and filed as Exhibit 10.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

Indemnification Agreements

In connection with the consummation of the Merger, Pubco entered into indemnification agreements (the Indemnification Agreements) with each of its directors and executive officers. Subject to certain exceptions, the Indemnification Agreements provide that Pubco will indemnify each of its directors and executive officers for certain expenses, which may include attorneys fees, judgments, fines and settlement amounts, incurred by a director or officer in any action or proceeding arising out of their services as one of Pubcos directors or officers or any other company or enterprise to which the person provides services at Pubcos request.

The foregoing description of the Indemnification Agreements is a summary only and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the form of Indemnification Agreement, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.3 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

Lock-up Arrangements

On the Closing Date, Pubco entered into Lock-Up Arrangements (the Lock-Up Arrangements) with certain shareholders, including, among others, former shareholders and noteholders of Class Over. The Lock-Up Arrangements impose restrictions on the holders ability to sell, transfer or assign Pubco securities received as part of the Business Combination.

Under the terms of the Lock-Up Arrangements, subject to certain exceptions and permitted transfers:

Class Over stockholders receiving Pubco Class A Common Stock will be restricted from transferring their shares for 12 months following the Closing.

Certain of the Class Over management team members holding Pubco Class B Common Stock will be restricted from transferring their shares for six months following the effective date of the initial registration statement required to be filed pursuant to the Pipe Registration Rights Agreement (as defined below).

Former Class Over noteholders holding Pubco Class B Common Stock will be restricted from transferring their shares for six months following the Closing.

Pipe Registration Rights Agreement

On the Closing Date, Pubco entered into a Registration Rights Agreement (the Pipe Registration Rights Agreement) with the PIPE Investor providing for certain registration rights. Under the terms of the Pipe Registration Rights Agreement, the Company has agreed to file a registration statement to register the shares of Common Stock underlying the Series B Preferred Stock within forty-five (45) days after the Closing Date and to have such registration statement effective within sixty (60) days of the Closing Date (or the fifth (5th) business day after the Company is notified by the Securities Exchange Commission that such registration statement will not be reviewed or subject to further review). Pubco will bear the registration expenses, excluding underwriters' discounts and commissions.

The foregoing description of the Pipe Registration Rights Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the agreement, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.4 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 1.02 Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement.

The information set forth in the Introductory Note of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.

On the Closing Date, in connection with the consummation of the Mergers, that certain Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated as of December 14, 2021, between BFAC and Continental, pursuant to which Continental invested the proceeds of BFACs initial public offering in a trust account and facilitated the redemption of BFAC public shares, was terminated.

3

Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.

The disclosure set forth in the Introductory Note of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated into this Item 2.01 by reference.

The Business Combination was approved by BFACs shareholders at an extraordinary meeting of shareholders held on February 21, 2025. An aggregate of 3,514,769 Ordinary Shares sold in BFACs initial public offering were redeemed in connection with the Business Combination.

In connection with the consummation of the Business Combination, each BFAC Warrant that was outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time was converted into a warrant to purchase one share of Pubco Class B Common Stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share, in accordance with the terms of such warrants and the Business Combination Agreement.

As of the Closing Date and following the completion of the Business Combination, Pubco had 15,733,342 shares of Class B Common Stock issued and outstanding.

FORM 10 INFORMATION

Prior to the Closing, BFAC was a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act)) with no operations, formed as a vehicle to effect a business combination with one or more businesses or entities. After the Closing, Pubco became a holding company with BFAC and Class Over as its wholly-owned subsidiaries.

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This document and the information incorporated by reference herein include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements, other than statements of present or historical fact included in or incorporated by reference in this Current Report on Form 8-K, regarding Pubcos future financial performance, as well as Pubcos strategy, future operations, financial position, estimated revenues, and losses, projected costs, prospects, plans and objectives of management are forward-looking statements. When used in this Current Report on Form 8-K, the words could, should, will, may, believe, anticipate, intend, estimate, expect, project, the negative of such terms and other similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain such identifying words. These forward-looking statements are based on managements current expectations and assumptions about future events and are based on currently available information as to the outcome and timing of future events. Pubco cautions you that these forward-looking statements are subject to all of the risks and uncertainties, most of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond Pubcos control, incident to its business.

These forward-looking statements are based on information available as of the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K, and current expectations, forecasts and assumptions, and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing Pubcos views as of any subsequent date, and Pubco does not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws.

4

As a result of a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties, Pubcos actual results or performance may be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Some factors that could cause actual results to differ include:

Pubcos ability to recognize the anticipated benefits of the Business Combination, which may be affected by, among other things, competition and the ability of Pubco to grow and manage growth profitability following the Closing;

the ability to maintain the listing of Pubcos securities on Nasdaq following the Closing;

the business, operations and financial performance of Pubco following the Business Combination;

expansion plans and opportunities, including future acquisitions or additional business combinations;

Pubcos success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, its officers, key employees or directors following the Closing;

consequences from the diversion of managements time from ongoing business operations due to the Business Combination;

litigation, complaints, product liability claims and/or adverse publicity;

the impact of changes in consumer spending patterns, consumer preferences, local, regional and national economic conditions, crime, weather, demographic trends and employee availability;

privacy and data protection laws, privacy or data breaches, or the loss of data; and

other risks and uncertainties set forth in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the section titled Risk Factors beginning on page 55 of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus.

Business and Properties

The information set forth in the section of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus entitled Information About Class Over beginning on page 142, and in the section of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus entitled Information About BFAC beginning on page 123 is incorporated herein by reference.

Risk Factors

The following is a summary of the risk factors related to Pubcos business: 

If we are not able to continue to attract students to purchase our courses and to increase the spending of our students, our business and prospects will be materially and adversely affected.

Our business depends on the continued success of our brand, and if we fail to maintain and enhance the recognition of our brand, we may face difficulty attracting students to our online after-school tutoring service, and our reputation and operating results may be harmed.

We face competition from established as well as other emerging companies, which could divert customers to our competition, result in pricing pressure, reduced operating margins, loss of market share, departure of qualified teachers and significantly reduce our revenue.

We face significant competition, which could increase our customer acquisition cost, cause us to lose students to our competitors, lead to pricing pressure and loss of market shares, and significantly reduce our revenue.

If we are not able to continue to recruit, train and retain a sufficient number of qualified teachers, our business, financial conditions and operating results may be materially and adversely affected.

The vast majority of our teachers are engaged as independent contractors, not employees, and if federal or state law mandates that they be classified as employees, our business may be adversely impacted.

Students may decide not to continue taking our courses for a number of reasons, including a perceived lack of improvement in their academic performance or general dissatisfaction with our courses, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operation and reputation.

We may not be successful in the expansion of the courses that we offer.

We may not be able to maintain or increase our course fee levels.

Many of our students are minors, which may subject us to significant and/or heightened litigation risks, regulatory scrutiny, and reputational damage.

Tuition refunds or potential refund disputes may negatively affect our cash flows, financial condition, and reputation.

5

We have incurred, and in the future may continue to incur, net losses.

Our financial statements contain disclosure regarding the substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.

We have a limited operating history and operate in a rapidly evolving industry, which makes it difficult to evaluate our business and future prospects and increases the risk of your investment.

We have grown rapidly and expect to continue to invest in our growth for the foreseeable future. If we fail to manage this growth effectively, the success of our business model will be compromised.

Certain aspects of our business and ability to grow are seasonal and cyclical, which may cause our current business plans to change and our operating results and revenues to fluctuate. As a result, we may fail to meet the expectations of securities analysts and investors, which could cause Pubcos stock price to decline.

As a result of becoming a public company, we will be obligated to develop and maintain proper and effective internal control over financial reporting. Our management has limited experience in operating a public company.

We will incur increased costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management will be required to devote substantial time to new compliance initiatives and corporate governance practices.

We have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and we may identify additional material weaknesses in the future. If we are unable to develop and maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and materially and adversely affect our business and operating results.

The dual-class structure of Pubcos Common Stock as contained in the Pubco amended and restated certificate of incorporation has the effect of concentrating voting control with those stockholders who held our capital stock prior to the contemplated transaction, including our directors, executive officers and their respective affiliates.

Our estimates of the size of our addressable market may prove to be inaccurate.

We face risks related to natural and other disasters, health epidemics, and other extraordinary events, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, which could significantly disrupt our operations.

We may be exposed to cyberattacks, denial-of-service attacks, ransomware attacks, business email compromises, computer malware, viruses, and social engineering (including phishing) and other cybersecurity threats that may impact our networks or systems.

Changes in laws or regulations relating to consumer data privacy could materially and adversely affect our business.

A complete description of the risks associated with Pubcos and Class Overs business and operations are described in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the section entitled Risk Factors beginning on page 55, which is incorporated herein by reference.

Financial Information

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

The following historical financial statements of Class Over and the related notes beginning on page F-1 of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus are incorporated herein by reference: (i) unaudited financial statements as of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and for the nine months ended September 30, 2023; and (ii) the audited financial statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022.

The following historical financial statements of Pubco and the related notes beginning on page F-34 of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus are incorporated herein by reference: (i) unaudited consolidated financial statements as of and for the three months ended September 30, 2024; and (ii) audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the period from inception to June 30, 2024.

6

The following historical financial statements of BFAC and the related notes beginning on page F-51 of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus are incorporated herein by reference: (i) unaudited financial statements as of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and for the nine months ended September 30, 2023; and (ii) the audited financial statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022.

Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information

The unaudited pro forma financial information required to be set forth herein is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to be filed by amendment to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

Managements discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operation of Class Over prior to the Business Combination is included in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the section entitled Class Overs Managements Discussion and Analysis Of Financial Condition And Results Of Operations beginning on page 163, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

Managements discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operation of Class Over for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to be filed by amendment to this Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management

The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of Pubco Common Stock as of the Closing Date by:

each person who is known to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of Pubco Common Stock;

each executive officer and director of Pubco; and

all executive officers and directors of Pubco, as a group.

Beneficial ownership is determined according to the rules of the SEC, which generally provide that a person has beneficial ownership of a security if he, she or it possesses sole or shared voting or investment power over that security, including options, rights and convertible notes that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days. 

7

The beneficial ownership of Pubco Common Stock is based on 6,535,014 shares of Class A Common Stock and 15,733,342 shares of Class B Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately following the consummation of the Business Combination.

Name and Address of Beneficial Owners(1) 

Number of Class A Common Stock (#) 

Percentage (%) 

Number of Class B Common Stock (#) 

Percentage (%) 

% of Total Voting Power(2) 

Executive Officers and Directors of Pubco: 

Hui Luo 

6,535,014 

100 % 

522,801 

(3) 

3.2 

% 

91.2 %

Yanling Peng 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Yan Zhang 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Tracy Xia 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Mona Liang 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Amanda Chang 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

All Directors and Executive Officers as a group (6 Individuals) 

6,535,014 

100 % 

522,801 

(3) 

3.2 

% 

91.2 %

Greater than 5% Holders: 

Battery Future Sponsor LLC(4) 

- 

- 

1,751,501 

11.1 % 

* 

Camel Bay, LLC(5) 

- 

- 

2,912,099 

18.5 % 

1.6 %

Pala Investments Limited 

- 

- 

1,254,704 

7.9 % 

* 

Jumpstart NYC LLC(6) 

- 

- 

1,000,000 

6.4 % 

* 

* 

Less than 1%. 

(1) 

Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is 450 7th Avenue, Suite 905, New York, New York 10123.

(2) 

Percentage of total voting power represents voting power with respect to all shares of our Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock, as a single class. The holders of our Class A common stock are entitled to 25 votes per share, and holders of our Class B Common Stock are entitled to one vote per share.

(3) 

Represents 522,801 shares of Class B Common Stock issuable upon conversion of a like number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock which are convertible at any time at the option of the holder.

(4) 

Battery Future Manager LLC is the manager of Battery Future Sponsor LLC. Joshua Payne is the sole member of Battery Future Manager LLC and has voting and investment discretion with respect to the ordinary shares held of record by Battery Future Sponsor LLC. Mr. Payne disclaims any beneficial ownership of the shares held by such entity, except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein.

(5) 

Graham Wood, LLC (Wood) is the managing member of Camel Bay LLC. Ling Shi is the managing member of Graham Wood. The business address of each of Camel Bay and Wood, as reported in the Schedule 13D, is 8 The Green, Suite 15614, Dover, DE 19901.

(6) 

William R. Samuels (the Manager) acts as the manager of Jumpstart NYC LLC (the Stockholder). The Manager, in his capacity as manager, may be deemed to have voting and dispositive power with respect to the shares of Class B Common Stock held by the Stockholder and may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of these shares. The Manager disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares of Class B Common Stock held by the Stockholder. The address of the principal business office of each of the manager and the Stockholder is 201 California Street, Suite 350, San Francisco, CA 94111. 

8

Information about Directors and Executive Officers

Name 

Age 

Position

Executive Officers 

Hui (Stephanie) Luo 

46 

Chief Executive Officer, Chairwoman and Director

Yanling (Flora) Peng 

30 

Chief Financial Officer

Directors 

Yan Zhang 

43 

Director

Tracy Xia 

41 

Director

Mona Liang 

38 

Director

Amanda Chang 

46 

Director

Information with respect to Pubcos directors and officers appointed immediately after the Closing on the Closing Date, including biographical information regarding these individuals, is set forth in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the section entitled Directors and Executive Officers of Pubco After the Business Combination beginning on page 180, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 

Resignations and Appointments

In connection with the Closing, each of BFACs directors prior to the Closing resigned from their respective position as a director, in each case effective as of the effective time on the Closing Date.

At the Meeting, each of Hui Luo, Yan Zhang, Tracy Xia, Mona Liang and Amanda Chang were elected to serve on the board of directors, with effect from the Closing and until their successors have been duly elected and qualified. Biographies of each of these individuals are set forth in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the section entitled Directors and Executive Officers of Pubco After the Business Combination beginning on page 180, and are incorporated by reference herein. 

In connection with the Closing, Fanghan Sui, BFACs sole executive officer prior to the Closing, resigned from his position as an executive officer, effective as of the effective time on the Closing Date.

Effective as of the Closing, Ms. Hui Luo was appointed to serve as Pubcos Chief Executive Officer and Ms. Yanling (Flora) Peng was appointed to serve as Pubcos Chief Financial Officer. A biography of Ms. Peng is set forth in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the section entitled Directors and Executive Officers of Pubco After the Business Combination beginning on page 180, and is incorporated by reference herein.

Controlled Company Exemption

Pubcos majority shareholder, Hui Luo, holds a majority of the voting power of Pubco Common Stock and as a result, Pubco is a controlled company within the meaning of applicable rules of Nasdaq. Under these rules, a company of which more than 50% of the voting power for the election of directors is held by an individual, group or another company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including the requirements (a) that a majority of the board consists of independent directors; (b) for an annual performance evaluation of the nominating and corporate governance and compensation committees; (c) that the controlled company has a nominating and corporate governance committee that is composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committees purpose and responsibilities; and (d) that the controlled company has a compensation committee that is composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committees purpose and responsibility. Pubco currently satisfies all of Nasdaqs corporate governance requirements and has not taken advantage of any of the exemptions available to it as a controlled company. If Pubco determines in the future to avail itself of any of the corporate governance exemptions available to controlled companies, Pubcos shareholders may not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements. In the event that Pubco ceases to be a controlled company and its Common Stock continues to be listed on Nasdaq, it will be required to comply with these provisions within the applicable transition periods.

9

Role of Board in Risk Oversight

One of the key functions of the board of directors of Pubco is informed oversight of Pubcos risk management process. The board of directors of Pubco does not anticipate having a standing risk management committee, but rather anticipates administering this oversight function directly through the board of directors of Pubco as a whole, as well as through various standing committees of the board of directors of Pubco that address risks inherent in their respective areas of oversight. In particular, the board of directors of Pubco is responsible for monitoring and assessing strategic risk exposure and Pubcos audit committee (the Audit Committee) has the responsibility to consider and discuss Pubcos major financial risk exposures and the steps management takes to monitor and control such exposures, including guidelines and policies to govern the process by which risk assessment and management is undertaken. The Audit Committee also monitors compliance with legal and regulatory requirements. Pubcos compensation committee (the Compensation Committee) also assesses and monitors whether Pubcos compensation plans, policies and programs comply with applicable legal and regulatory requirements. 

Director Independence

Pubco adheres to the listing rules of Nasdaq in affirmatively determining whether a director is independent. Nasdaq listing standards generally define an independent director as a person, other than an executive officer of a company or any other individual having a relationship which, in the opinion of the issuers board of directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. However, as a controlled company, Pubco will be largely exempt from the foregoing requirements. 

Notwithstanding the availability of this exemption, the board of directors of Pubco has determined that each of the directors, other than Ms. Luo, qualifies as an independent director, as defined under the listing rules of Nasdaq, and that the board of directors of Pubco consists of a majority of independent directors, as defined under the rules of the SEC and Nasdaq listing rules relating to director independence requirements. Although Pubcos board of directors presently consists of a majority independent directors, there can be no assurance that Pubco will not avail itself of the exemption for controlled companies in the future.

Committees of the Board of Directors

Pubco has a standing Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and nominating and governance committee (the Nominating and Governance Committee). Each committee operates under a charter that has been approved by our board of directors and is available on our website at www.classover.com The committees have the composition and responsibilities described below.

Audit Committee

In connection with the Closing, Yan Zhang, Mona Liang, and Amanda Chang were appointed as members of the Audit Committee, with Yan Zhang appointed as chair. The Audit Committee meets Nasdaq audit committee composition requirements. Each member of the Audit Committee is financially literate. The board of directors of the Company has determined that of Yan Zhang qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined by the SEC.

The functions of the Audit Committee include, among other things:

evaluating the performance, independence and qualifications of Pubcos independent auditors and determining whether to retain Pubcos existing independent auditors or engage new independent auditors;

reviewing Pubcos financial reporting processes and disclosure controls;

reviewing and approving the engagement of Pubcos independent auditors to perform audit services and any permissible non-audit services;

reviewing the adequacy and effectiveness of Pubcos internal control policies and procedures, including the responsibilities, budget, staffing and effectiveness of Pubcos internal audit function;

reviewing with the independent auditors the annual audit plan, including the scope of audit activities and all critical accounting policies and practices to be used by Pubco;

10

obtaining and reviewing at least annually a report by Pubcos independent auditors describing the independent auditors internal quality control procedures and any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review;

monitoring the rotation of partners of Pubcos independent auditors on Pubcos engagement team as required by law;

prior to engagement of any independent auditor, and at least annually thereafter, reviewing relationships that may reasonably be thought to bear on their independence, and assessing and otherwise taking the appropriate action to oversee the independence of Pubcos independent auditor;

reviewing Pubcos annual and quarterly financial statements and reports, including the disclosures contained in Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, in Pubcos periodic reports to be filed with the SEC and discussing the statements and reports with Pubcos independent auditors and management;

reviewing with Pubcos independent auditors and management significant issues that arise regarding accounting principles and financial statement presentation and matters concerning the scope, adequacy and effectiveness of Pubcos financial controls and critical accounting policies;

reviewing with management and Pubcos auditors any earnings announcements and other public announcements regarding material developments;

establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by Pubco regarding financial controls, accounting, auditing or other matters;

preparing the report that the SEC requires in Pubcos annual proxy statement;

reviewing and providing oversight of any related party transactions in accordance with Pubcos related party transaction policy and reviewing and monitoring compliance with legal and regulatory responsibilities, including Pubcos code of ethics;

reviewing Pubcos major financial risk exposures, including the guidelines and policies to govern the process by which risk assessment and risk management is implemented; and

reviewing and evaluating on an annual basis the performance of the Audit Committee and the Audit Committee charter.

The composition and function of the Audit Committee complies with all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, all applicable SEC rules and regulations and all applicable Nasdaq listing rules. Pubco will comply with future requirements of the SEC, Nasdaq or other applicable authority to the extent they become applicable to Pubco.

It is expected that following the Closing, the Audit Committee will establish a procedure whereby complaints or concerns regarding accounting, internal controls or auditing matters may be submitted anonymously to the Audit Committee by email.

Compensation Committee

In connection with the Closing, Mona Liang, Tracy Xia, and Amanda Chang were appointed as members of the Compensation Committee, with Mona Liang appointed as chair. The board of directors of Pubco has determined that each of the members of the Compensation Committee satisfies the independence requirements of Nasdaq and is a non-employee director, as defined in Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act.

The functions of the Compensation Committee include, among other things:

reviewing and approving the corporate objectives that pertain to the determination of executive compensation;

reviewing and approving the compensation and other terms of employment of Pubcos executive officers;

reviewing and approving performance goals and objectives relevant to the compensation of Pubcos executive officers and assessing their performance against these goals and objectives;

11

making recommendations to the board of directors of Pubco regarding the adoption or amendment of equity and cash incentive plans and approving amendments to such plans to the extent authorized by the board of directors of Pubco;

reviewing and making recommendations to the board of directors of Pubco regarding the type and amount of compensation to be paid or awarded to Pubco non-employee board members;

reviewing and assessing the independence of compensation consultants, legal counsel and other advisors as required by Section 10C of the Exchange Act;

administering Pubcos equity incentive plans, to the extent such authority is delegated by the board of directors of Pubco;

reviewing and approving the terms of any employment agreements, severance arrangements, change in control protections, indemnification agreements and any other material arrangements for Pubcos executive officers;

reviewing with management Pubcos disclosures under the caption Compensation Discussion and Analysis in Pubcos periodic reports or proxy statements to be filed with the SEC, to the extent such caption is included in any such report or proxy statement;

preparing an annual report on executive compensation that the SEC requires in Pubcos annual proxy statement; and

reviewing and evaluating on an annual basis the performance of the Compensation Committee and recommending such changes as deemed necessary with the board of directors of Pubco.

The Compensation Committee may also, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other advisor and is directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such advisor. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other advisor, the Compensation Committee will consider the independence of each such advisor, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC.

The composition and function of the Compensation Committee complies with all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and all applicable SEC and Nasdaq rules and regulations. Pubco will comply with future requirements of the SEC, Nasdaq or other applicable authority to the extent they become applicable to Pubco. Pubco maintains the Compensation Committee in accordance with the rules of Nasdaq notwithstanding the general availability of an exemption from those rules for controlled companies. There can be no assurance that Pubco will not avail itself of the exemption for controlled companies in the future.

Nominating and Governance Committee

In connection with the Closing, Tracy Xia, Mona Liang, and Amanda Chang were appointed as members of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, with Tracy Xia appointed as chair. The board of directors of Pubco has determined that each of the members of the Compensation Committee satisfies the independence requirements of Nasdaq. 

The Nominating and Governance Committee assists the board of directors by identifying and recommending individuals qualified to become members of the board. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is responsible for evaluating the composition, size and governance of the board and its committees and making recommendations regarding future planning and the appointment of directors to the committees, establishing a policy for considering stockholder nominees to the board, reviewing the corporate governance principles and making recommendations to the board regarding possible changes; and reviewing and monitoring compliance with Pubcos Code of Business Conduct and Ethics.

Pubco maintains the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee in accordance with the rules of Nasdaq notwithstanding the general availability of an exemption from those rules for controlled companies. There can be no assurance that Pubco will not avail itself of the exemption for controlled companies in the future.

12

Code of Ethics

On the Closing Date, Pubcos board of directors adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to all of its directors, officers and employees, including its principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. Copies of the Code of Ethics and charters for each of Pubcos committees are available on Pubcos website at https://www.classover.com. In the event Pubco makes any amendments to, or grants any waiver from, a provision of the code that applies to its principal executive officer, principal financial officer or principal accounting officer that requires disclosure under applicable SEC or Nasdaq rules, Pubco will disclose such amendment or waiver and reasons therefore on its website at https://www.classover.com within the time period required by such rules. Pubcos website is not part of this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Director Compensation

The Compensation Committee will determine the annual compensation to be paid to the members of the board of directors. Directors fees have yet to be determined but are expected to consist of an annual cash retainer, committee retainers and equity awards subject to time-based vesting. Pubco anticipates that directors who also serve as an employee of Pubco Company will not receive additional compensation for their service as a director.

Executive Compensation

The compensation for each of BFACs and Class Overs executive officers before the Closing is described in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the section entitled Executive Officer and Director Compensation beginning on page 182, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 

The general compensation programs of Pubcos executive officers after the Closing are described in the section of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus entitled Executive Officer and Director Compensation beginning on page 182, which information is incorporated herein by reference. The disclosure set forth above in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K under the section entitled Executive Employment Agreement is incorporated herein by reference.

The 2024 Equity Incentive Plan of Pubco was approved by Pubcos Board of Directors and BFAC, as the sole stockholder of Pubco. A description of the Incentive Plan is set forth in the section of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus entitled Executive Officer and Director Compensation beginning on page 182 and is incorporated herein by reference. A copy of the complete text of the 2024 Equity Incentive Plan is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions

Certain relationships and related party transactions are described in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the section titled Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions beginning on page 185 of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus, which is incorporated herein by reference.

Legal Proceedings

From time to time, Pubco may become involved in legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of its business. Neither Pubco nor any of its subsidiaries are presently a party to any legal proceedings that, in the opinion of Pubcos management, would individually or taken together have a material adverse effect on Pubcos business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Regardless of outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on Pubco due to defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources, negative publicity, reputational harm and other factors.

Market Price of and Dividends on the Registrants Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters

Market Information and Holders

Immediately prior to the Closing, BFACs Units, Class A ordinary shares and Warrants were quoted on OTC Markets under the symbols BFQUF, BFACF and BFQWF, respectively. As of the Closing Date, BFACs Units separated into their component securities and BFACs Ordinary Shares and Warrants automatically converted into Pubco Class B Common Stock and Pubco Warrants. On the Closing Date, Pubcos Class B Common Stock and Warrants were listed on Nasdaq under the new trading symbols of KIDZ and KIDZW, respectively. 

13

As of the Closing Date and following the completion of the Business Combination, Pubco had 6,535,014 shares of Pubco Class A Common Stock issued and outstanding held of record by 1 holder and 15,733,342 shares of Pubco Class B Common Stock issued and outstanding held of record by 82 holders. Such numbers do not include Depository Trust Company participants or beneficial owners holding shares through nominee names.

Dividends

Pubco has not paid any cash dividends on its Common Stock to date. Pubco may retain future earnings, if any, for future operations, expansion and debt repayment and has no current plans to pay cash dividends for the foreseeable future. Any decision to declare and pay dividends in the future will be made at the discretion of the board of directors and will depend on, among other things, Pubcos results of operations, financial condition, cash requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors that the board of directors may deem relevant. In addition, Pubcos ability to pay dividends may be limited by Pubcos outstanding preferred stock and covenants of any existing and future outstanding indebtedness Pubco or its subsidiaries incur. Pubco does not anticipate declaring any cash dividends to holders of Common Stock in the foreseeable future.

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities

The description of the issuances pursuant to the PIPE Agreement, as set forth in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K, is incorporated herein by reference. The offer and sale of the shares of Pubco Series B Preferred Stock and the Pubco Preferred Warrants to the PIPE Investor, and the offer and sale of the Pubco Series B Preferred Stock pursuant to the Pubco Preferred Warrants, are exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act.

Information regarding unregistered sales of securities by BFAC is set forth in Part II, Item 5 of BFACs Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 29, 2024, as amended on July 3, 2024.

Description of Registrants Securities

The description of Pubcos securities is set forth in the section of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus entitled Description of Pubco Securities beginning on page 196.

Indemnification of Directors and Officers

Under Delaware law, a corporation may indemnify its officers and directors against liabilities and expenses they incur in their capacities as such, except in certain circumstances. Pubcos Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Charter) and Pubcos bylaws (the Bylaws) provide for indemnification of its officers and directors to the maximum extent permitted by law, including for any liability incurred in their capacities as such. Pubco has purchased a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures its officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures Pubco against its obligations to indemnify its officers and directors.

Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling us pursuant to the foregoing provisions, we have been informed that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable.

Pubco entered into the Indemnification Agreements with each of its officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in the Charter. The disclosure set forth above in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K under the section entitled Indemnification Agreements is incorporated herein by reference.

Pubco believes that the indemnity provisions of its Charter and Bylaws, the insurance procured by it and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors.

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

The information set forth under Item 9.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.

14

Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

Information regarding unregistered sales of securities set forth under Item 2.01 of this Current Report on Form -K is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 3.03 Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders.

The material terms of the Charter of Pubco and the general effect upon the rights of holders of Pubcos capital stock, including as a result of the Pubco Class A Common Stock, Pubco Series A Preferred Stock and Pubco Series B Preferred Stock, are described in the sections of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus entitled Proposal 2The Pubco Organizational Documents Advisory Proposal beginning on page 103 of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus and Description of Pubco Securities beginning on page 196 of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus, which information is incorporated herein by reference. A copy of the Amended and Restated Charter is filed as Exhibit 3.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 

On the Closing Date, Pubco adopted the Bylaws. The material terms of the Bylaws and their impact on security holders' rights are discussed in the sections of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus entitled Proposal No. 2The Pubco Organizational Documents Advisory Proposal beginning on page 103 of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus, which information is incorporated herein by reference. A copy of the Bylaws is filed as Exhibit 3.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 5.01 Changes in Control of Registrant.

The information set forth and incorporated by reference in the Introductory Note of this Current Report on Form 8-K and in the section entitled Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management in Item 2.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

The information set forth and incorporated by reference in the Introductory Note of this Current Report on Form 8-K and in the section entitled Information about Directors and Executive Officers in Item 2.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference herein.

In accordance with the terms of the Business Combination Agreement, and effective as of the Closing, each of BFACs officers and directors resigned as a member of BFACs board of directors and/or from each officer position previously held, as applicable. These resignations were not a result of any disagreement between BFAC and the officers and directors on any matter relating to BFACs operations, policies or practices. 

Incentive Plan

The material terms of the Incentive Plan are discussed in the section of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus entitled Executive Officer and Director Compensation2024 Stock Option and Incentive Plan beginning on page 184 of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus, which information is incorporated herein by reference.

Directors and Executive Officers

The information regarding Pubcos directors and executive officers set forth and incorporated by reference under the headings Directors and Executive Officers and Executive Compensation in Item 2.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

The information set forth in Item 3.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference. 

15

Item 5.06 Change in Shell Company Status

As a result of the Business Combination, the Company ceased to be a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). The material terms of the Business Combination are described in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the section entitled Proposal No.1Business Combination Proposal beginning on page 84 of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus, which is incorporated herein by reference. The information set forth and incorporated by reference in Item 2.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(a) Financial Statements of Business Acquired

The following historical financial statements of Class Over Inc. and the related notes beginning on page F-1 of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus are incorporated herein by reference: (i) unaudited financial statements as of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and for the nine months September 30, 2023; and (ii) audited financial statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022.

The audited financial statements of Class Over Inc. and the related notes as of and for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to be filed by amendment to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

(b) Pro Forma Financial Information

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet as of December 31, 2024, the unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement of profit or loss for the year ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, are incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to be filed by amendment to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

16

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit Index

Exhibit No. 

Description

2.1+ 

Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of May 12, 2024, by and among Battery Future Acquisition Corp., BFAC Merger Sub 1 Corp, BFAC Merger Sub 2 Corp, Class Over Inc., and Classover Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Pubcos Registration Statement filed on Form S-4, File No. 333-283454 filed on November 26, 2024, as amended).

3.1 

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Pubco (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Pubcos Registration Statement filed on Form S-4, File No. 333-283454 filed on November 26, 2024, as amended).

3.2 

Bylaws of Pubco (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Pubcos Registration Statement filed on Form S-4, File No. 333-283454 filed on November 26, 2024, as amended).

3.3 

Certificate of Designations of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to Pubcos Registration Statement filed on Form S-4, File No. 333-283454 filed on November 26, 2024, as amended).

3.4 

Certificate of Designations of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to Pubcos Registration Statement filed on Form S-4, File No. 333-283454 filed on November 26, 2024, as amended).

4.1 

Warrant Agreement between Battery Future Acquisition Corp. and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Pubcos Registration Statement filed on Form S-4, File No. 333-283454 filed on November 26, 2024, as amended).

4.2 

Warrant Assignment, Assumption and Amendment Agreement, dated as of April 4, 2025

4.3 

Specimen Common Stock Certificate of Pubco (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Pubcos Registration Statement filed on Form S-4, File No. 333-283454 filed on November 26, 2024, as amended).

4.4 

Specimen Warrant Certificate of Pubco (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to Pubcos Registration Statement filed on Form S-4, File No. 333-283454 filed on November 26, 2024, as amended).

4.5 

Form of First Preferred Warrant dated as of April 4, 2025

4.6 

Form of Second Preferred Warrant dated as of April 4, 2025

10.1 

Classover Holdings, Inc. 2024 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Pubcos Registration Statement filed on Form S-4, File No. 333-283454 filed on November 26, 2024, as amended).

10.2 

Employment Agreement, dated as of April 4, 2025, by and between the Company and Hui Luo.

10.3 

Form of Indemnification Agreement.

10.4 

Form of Registration Rights Agreement by and between Pubco and the PIPE Investor.

17

10.5 

Sublease Agreement between Class Over Inc. and Dream Go Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Pubcos Registration Statement filed on Form S-4, File No. 333-283454 filed on November 26, 2024, as amended).

10.6 

Marketing Consulting Agreement between Class Over Inc. and Genius Kid Class LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to Pubcos Registration Statement filed on Form S-4, File No. 333-283454 filed on November 26, 2024, as amended).

10.7 

Convertible Promissory Note issued to Yi Liu (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Pubcos Registration Statement filed on Form S-4, File No. 333-283454 filed on November 26, 2024, as amended).

10.8 

Sublease Agreement between Class Over Inc. and Dream Legal Group (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Pubcos Registration Statement filed on Form S-4, File No. 333-283454 filed on November 26, 2024, as amended).

10.9 

Securities Purchase Agreement for Series B Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to Pubcos Registration Statement filed on Form S-4, File No. 333-283454 filed on November 26, 2024, as amended).

10.10 

Promissory note issued to Hui Luo (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Pubcos Registration Statement filed on Form S-4, File No. 333-283454 filed on November 26, 2024, as amended).

10.11 

Talk-Cloud Classroom Service Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Pubcos Registration Statement filed on Form S-4, File No. 333-283454 filed on November 26, 2024, as amended).

21.1 

List of subsidiaries of Pubco.

99.1* 

Class Over Inc. audited financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023.

99.2* 

Class Over Inc. Managements Discussion of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023.

99.3* 

Pubco pro forma condensed combined balance sheet as of December 31, 2024, and the pro forma condensed combined statement of profit or loss for the year ended December 31, 2024, and the unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement of profit or loss for the twelve months ended December 31, 2023.

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101).

+ 

Schedule and exhibits to this Exhibit omitted pursuant to Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(2). Pubco agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit to the SEC upon request.

* 

To be filed by amendment.

18

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Dated: April 10, 2025 

CLASSOVER HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: 

/s/ Hui Luo 

Name: Hui Luo 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

19
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>class_ex42.htm
<DESCRIPTION>WARRANT ASSIGNMENT
<TEXT>
class_ex42.htm

EXHIBIT 4.2

WARRANT ASSIGNMENT, ASSUMPTION AND AMENDMENT AGREEMENT

This WARRANT ASSIGNMENT, ASSUMPTION AND AMENDMENT AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made as of April 4, 2025, by and among Battery Acquisition Corp, a Cayman Islands exempted company (BFAC), Classover Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Pubco), and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company (the Warrant Agent). Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Agreement shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in the Business Combination Agreement (as defined below).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, BFAC and the Warrant Agent are parties to that certain Warrant Agreement, dated as of December 14, 2021, filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on December 20, 2021 (including all Exhibits thereto, the Existing Warrant Agreement);

WHEREAS, BFAC has issued and sold 17,250,000 warrants as part of the units sold to public investors in a public offering (the Warrants) to purchase BFAC Class A Ordinary Shares, with each whole Warrant being exercisable for one BFAC Class A Ordinary Share and with an exercise price of $11.50 per share;

WHEREAS, all of the Warrants are governed by the Existing Warrant Agreement;

WHEREAS, BFAC, Pubco, BFAC Merger Sub 1, Corp., a Delaware corporation (Merger Sub 1), BFAC Merger Sub 2, Corp., a Delaware corporation (Merger Sub 2), and Class Over Inc., a Delaware corporation, entered into that certain Business Combination Agreement, dated as of May 12, 2024 (as may be amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Business Combination Agreement);

WHEREAS, pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, upon the closing of the Business Combination (the Closing), Merger Sub 1 will merge with and into BFAC (the Reorganization Merger), with BFAC being the surviving corporation of the Reorganization Merger and becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of Pubco, and then, immediately following the consummation of the Reorganization Merger, Merger Sub 2 will merge with and into Class Over (the Acquisition Merger, and together with the Reorganization Merger the Mergers), with Class Over being the surviving corporation of the Acquisition Merger and becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of;

WHEREAS, at the effective time of the Mergers, each whole Warrant that is outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Mergers shall be converted into a warrant to purchase one share of Pubco Class B Common Stock (Pubco Warrants), with each such warrant subject to substantially the same terms and conditions applicable to the BFAC Warrants prior to such conversion;

WHEREAS, as contemplated by Section 4.4 of the Existing Warrant Agreement, the Warrants are no longer exercisable for BFAC Class A Ordinary Shares but instead are exercisable (subject to the terms and conditions of the Existing Warrant Agreement as amended hereby) for shares of Pubco Class B Common Stock;

WHEREAS, the BFAC Board has determined that the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement constitutes a Business Combination (as such term is defined in Section 3.2 of the Existing Warrant Agreement);

WHEREAS, Pubco has obtained all necessary corporate approvals to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby (including the assignment and assumption of the Existing Warrant Agreement and the related issuance of each Warrant, and exchange thereof for a warrant to subscribe for shares of Pubco Class B Common Stock on the conditions set out herein, and the exclusion of any pre-emptive rights in that respect) and by the Existing Warrant Agreement;

WHEREAS, BFAC desires to assign all of its right, title and interest in the Existing Warrant Agreement to Pubco and Pubco wishes to accept such assignment; and

1

WHEREAS, Section 9.8 of the Existing Warrant Agreement provides that BFAC and the Warrant Agent may amend the Existing Warrant Agreement without the consent of any Registered Holder (as such term is defined in the Existing Warrant Agreement) for the purpose of curing any ambiguity, or curing, correcting or supplementing any defective provision contained therein or adding or changing any other provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the Existing Warrant Agreement as BFAC and the Warrant Agent may deem necessary or desirable and that BFAC and the Warrant Agent deem shall not adversely affect the interest of the Registered Holders (as such term is defined in the Existing Warrant Agreement) of the Warrants.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto agree as follows.

ARTICLE I

ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION; CONSENT

Section 1.1 Assignment and Assumption. BFAC hereby assigns to Pubco all of BFACs right, title and interest in and to the Existing Warrant Agreement (as amended hereby) and Pubco hereby assumes, and agrees to pay, perform, satisfy and discharge in full, as the same become due, all of BFACs liabilities and obligations under the Existing Warrant Agreement (as amended hereby) arising from and after the execution of this Agreement, in each case, effective immediately following the completion of the Reorganization Merger and conditioned on the occurrence of the Closing. As a result of the preceding sentence, effective immediately following the completion of the Reorganization Merger and Closing of the Business Combination, each Warrant shall automatically cease to represent a right to acquire BFAC Class A Ordinary Shares and shall instead represent a right to acquire Pubco Class B Common Stock. Pubco consents to payment of the Warrant Price (as defined in the Existing Warrant Agreement) upon an exercise of such warrants for Pubco Class B Common Stock in accordance with the terms of the Existing Warrant Agreement.

Section 1.2 Consent. The Warrant Agent hereby consents to the assignment of the Existing Warrant Agreement by BFAC to Pubco pursuant to Section 1.1 hereof effective immediately following the completion of the Mergers and conditioned on the occurrence of the Closing, and the assumption of the Existing Warrant Agreement by Pubco from BFAC pursuant to Section 1.1 hereof effective immediately upon the completion of the Mergers and conditioned on the occurrence of the Closing, and to the continuation of the Existing Warrant Agreement in full force and effect from and after the Mergers, subject at all times to the Existing Warrant Agreement (as amended hereby) and to all of the provisions, covenants, agreements, terms and conditions of the Existing Warrant Agreement and this Agreement.

ARTICLE II

AMENDMENT OF EXISTING WARRANT AGREEMENT

BFAC and the Warrant Agent hereby amend the Existing Warrant Agreement as provided in this Article II, effective immediately upon the completion of the Mergers and conditioned on the occurrence of the Closing, and acknowledge and agree that the amendments to the Existing Warrant Agreement set forth in this Article II are necessary or desirable and that such amendments do not adversely affect the interests of the Registered Holders (as such term is defined in the Existing Warrant Agreement).

Section 2.1 Preamble. All references to Battery Future Acquisition Corp, a Cayman Islands exempted company in the Existing Warrant Agreement shall refer instead to Classover Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation. As a result thereof, all references to the Company in the Existing Warrant Agreement shall be references to Classover Holdings, Inc. rather than to Battery Future Acquisition Corp.

Section 2.2 Reference to Pubco Class B Common Stock. All references to Class A ordinary shares and $0.0001 par value in the Existing Warrant Agreement shall refer instead to Class B common stock and with a par value of $0.0001 per share, respectively. As a result thereof, all references to Ordinary Shares in the Existing Warrant Agreement shall be references to Pubco Class B Common Stock rather than to BFAC Class A Ordinary Shares.

2

Section 2.3 Notice. The address for notices to Pubco set forth in Section 9.2 of the Existing Warrant Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows:

450 7th Avenue, Suite 905

New York, New York 10123

Attention: Hui Luo (Stephanie)

E-mail: sluo@classover.com

Section 2.4 Detachability of Warrants. Section 2.4 of the Existing Warrant Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced with the following:

[INTENTIONALLY OMITTED]

Section 2.5 Transfer of Warrants Section 5.6 of the Existing Warrant Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced with the following:

[INTENTIONALLY OMITTED]

ARTICLE III

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

Section 3.1 Effectiveness of Agreement. Each of the parties hereto acknowledges and agrees that the effectiveness of this Agreement shall be contingent upon the occurrence of the Domestication Merger and the Closing.

Section 3.2 Examination of the Existing Warrant Agreement. A copy of this Agreement shall be available at all reasonable times at the office of the Warrant Agent in the United States of America, for inspection by the Registered Holder (as such term is defined in the Existing Warrant Agreement) of any Warrant. The Warrant Agent may require any such holder to submit such holders Warrant for inspection by the Warrant Agent.

Section 3.3 Governing Law. This Agreement, the entire relationship of the parties hereto, and any dispute between the parties (whether grounded in contract, tort, statute, law or equity) shall be governed by, construed in accordance with, and interpreted pursuant to the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to its choice of laws principles.

Section 3.4 Persons Having Rights under this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to confer upon, or give to, any person or corporation other than the parties hereto and the Registered Holders any right, remedy, or claim under or by reason of this Agreement or of any covenant, condition, stipulation, promise, or agreement hereof. All covenants, conditions, stipulations, promises, and agreements contained in this Agreement shall be for the sole and exclusive benefit of the parties hereto and their successors and assigns and of the Registered Holders.

Section 3.5 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument.

Section 3.6 Entire Agreement. Except to the extent specifically amended or superseded by the terms of this Agreement, all of the provisions of the Existing Warrant Agreement shall remain in full force and effect, as assigned and assumed by the parties hereto, to the extent in effect on the date hereof, and shall apply to this Agreement, mutatis mutandis. This Agreement and the Existing Warrant Agreement, as assigned and modified by this Agreement, constitutes the complete agreement between the parties and supersedes any prior written or oral agreements, writings, communications or understandings with respect to the subject matter hereof.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank.]

3

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have duly executed this Agreement, all as of the date first written above.

BATTERY FUTURE ACQUISITION CORP 

By: 

/s/ Fanghan Sui 

Name: Fanghan Sui 

Title: CEO 

CLASSOVER HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: 

/s/ Fanghan Sui 

Name: Fanghan Sui 

Title: CEO 

CONTINENTAL STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY 

By: 

/s/ Henry Farrell 

Name: Henry Farrell 

Title: Vice President 

[Signature Page to Warrant Assumption Agreement]

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.5
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>class_ex45.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FIRST PREFERRED WARRANT
<TEXT>
class_ex45.htm

EXHIBIT 4.5

Final Form

FIRST PREFERRED WARRANT

NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE HOLDER (IF REQUESTED BY THE COMPANY), IN A FORM REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD OR ELIGIBLE TO BE SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES. THE NUMBER OF PREFERRED SHARES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS WARRANT MAY BE LESS THAN THE AMOUNTS SET FORTH ON THE FACE HEREOF PURSUANT TO SECTION 1(a) OF THIS WARRANT.

CLASSOVER HOLDINGS, INC.

FIRST WARRANT TO PURCHASE

SERIES B CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK

Preferred Warrant No.: PW1-1

Date of Issuance: April 4, 2025 (Issuance Date)

Classover Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), hereby certifies that, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, ________, the registered holder hereof or its permitted assigns (the Holder), is entitled, subject to the terms set forth below, to purchase from the Company, at the Exercise Price (as defined below) then in effect, upon exercise of this First Warrant to Purchase Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (including any First Warrants to Purchase Series B Convertible Preferred Stock issued in exchange, transfer or replacement hereof, the Warrant), at any time or times on or after the Issuance Date (the Initial Exercisability Date), but not after 11:59 p.m., New York time, on the Expiration Date (as defined below), 1600 (subject to adjustment as provided herein) fully paid and non-assessable shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (the Warrant Preferred Shares). This First Warrant is one of the Preferred Warrants (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement (as defined below)) to Purchase Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (the SPA Preferred Warrants) issued pursuant to Section 1 of that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 22, 2024 (the Subscription Date), by and among the Company and the investors (the Buyers) referred to therein, as amended from time to time (the Securities Purchase Agreement). Except as otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms in this Warrant shall have the meanings set forth in Section 18.

1

1. EXERCISE OF WARRANT.

(a) Mechanics of Exercise. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, this Warrant may be exercised by the Holder on any day on or after the Initial Exercisability Date (an Exercise Date), in whole or in part, by delivery (whether via e-mail or otherwise) of a written notice, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Exercise Notice), of the Holders election to exercise this Warrant. Within one (1) Trading Day following an exercise of this Warrant as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver payment to the Company of an amount equal to the Exercise Price in effect on the date of such exercise multiplied by the number of Warrant Preferred Shares as to which this Warrant was so exercised (the Aggregate Exercise Price) in cash or via wire transfer of immediately available funds. The Holder shall not be required to deliver the original of this Warrant in order to effect an exercise hereunder. Execution and delivery of an Exercise Notice with respect to less than all of the Warrant Preferred Shares shall have the same effect as cancellation of the original of this Warrant and issuance of a new Warrant evidencing the right to purchase the remaining number of Warrant Preferred Shares. Execution and delivery of an Exercise Notice for all of the then-remaining Warrant Preferred Shares shall have the same effect as cancellation of the original of this Warrant after delivery of the Warrant Preferred Shares in accordance with the terms hereof. On or before the first (1st) Trading Day following the date on which the Company has received such Exercise Notice (or such earlier date as required pursuant to the 1934 Act or other applicable law, rule or regulation for the settlement of a trade of such Warrant Preferred Shares initiated on the applicable Exercise Date), the Company shall issue and deliver (via reputable overnight courier) to the address as specified in the Exercise Notice, a certificate, registered in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Preferred Shares to which the Holder shall be entitled pursuant to such exercise. Upon delivery of an Exercise Notice and the release, at the direction of the Holder, of a wire (or irrevocable wire instructions to send the wire as soon as commercially practicable, but in no event later than the next Trading Day) of the Aggregate Exercise Price to the Company (the Exercise Conditions), the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Preferred Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised (including, without limitation, the right to convert such Warrant Preferred Shares), irrespective of the date of delivery of the certificates evidencing such Warrant Preferred Shares (as the case may be). If a certificate with respect to this Warrant is delivered to the Company in connection with any exercise pursuant to this Section 1(a) and the number of Warrant Preferred Shares represented by this Warrant submitted for exercise is greater than the number of Warrant Preferred Shares being acquired upon an exercise, then, at the request of the Holder, the Company shall as soon as practicable and in no event later than one (1) Business Day after any exercise and at its own expense, issue and deliver to the Holder (or its designee) a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 6(d)) representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Preferred Shares purchasable immediately prior to such exercise under this Warrant, less the number of Warrant Preferred Shares with respect to which this Warrant is exercised. No fractional Warrant Preferred Shares are to be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant, but rather the number of Warrant Preferred Shares to be issued shall be rounded up to the nearest whole number. The Company shall pay any and all transfer, stamp, issuance and similar taxes, costs and expenses that may be payable with respect to the issuance and delivery of Warrant Preferred Shares upon exercise of this Warrant. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Companys failure to deliver Warrant Preferred Shares to the Holder on or prior to the later of (i) two (2) Trading Days after receipt of the applicable Exercise Notice (or such earlier date as required pursuant to the 1934 Act or other applicable law, rule or regulation for the settlement of a trade of such Warrant Preferred Shares initiated on the applicable Exercise Date) and (ii) one (1) Trading Day after the Companys receipt of the Aggregate Exercise Price (such later date, the Share Delivery Deadline) shall not be deemed to be a breach of this Warrant. For the avoidance of doubt, the Holder may convert the Warrant Preferred Shares into shares of Common Stock in accordance with the terms of the Certificate of Designations at any time, at the option of the Holder, following its satisfaction of the applicable Exercise Conditions (whether or not a certificate with respect to such Warrant Preferred Shares has been delivered to the Holder on or prior to such time of conversion).

2

(b) Exercise Price. For purposes of this Warrant, Exercise Price means $1,000, subject to adjustment as provided herein.

(c) Disputes. In the case of a dispute as to the determination of the Exercise Price or the arithmetic calculation of the number of Warrant Preferred Shares to be issued pursuant to the terms hereof, the Company shall promptly issue to the Holder the number of Warrant Preferred Shares that are not disputed and resolve such dispute in accordance with Section 14.

(d) Forced Exercise.

(i) General. At any time after July 1, 2025 so long as no Equity Conditions Failure then exists (unless waived in writing by the Holder), as of the applicable date of determination (each such applicable date, a Forced Exercise Eligibility Date), the Company shall have the right to require the Holder to exercise this Warrant into up to such aggregate number of fully paid, validly issued and non-assessable Warrant Preferred Shares equal to the Holder Pro Rata Amount of 1,600 Warrant Preferred Shares (as applicable, the Maximum Forced Exercise Share Amount), as designated in the applicable Forced Exercise Notice (as defined below) to be issued and delivered in accordance with Section 1(a) hereof (each, a Forced Exercise). The Company may exercise its right to require a Forced Exercise under this Section 1(d) by delivering a written notice thereof, at one, or more times, by electronic mail to all, but not less than all, of the holders of SPA Preferred Warrants (each, a Forced Exercise Notice, and the date thereof, each a Forced Exercise Notice Date) on a Forced Exercise Eligibility Date. For purposes of Section 1(a) hereof, Forced Exercise Notice shall be deemed to replace Exercise Notice for all purposes thereunder as if the Holder delivered an Exercise Notice to the Company on the Forced Exercise Notice Date, mutatis mutandis. Each Forced Exercise Notice shall be irrevocable. Each Forced Exercise Notice shall state (i) the Trading Day selected for the Forced Exercise in accordance with this Section 1(d), which Trading Day shall be the second (2nd) Trading Day (or such earlier date as the Holder may designate to the Company in writing) following the applicable Forced Exercise Notice Date (each, a Forced Exercise Date), (ii) the aggregate portion of this Warrant and the SPA Preferred Warrants subject to forced exercise from the Holder and all of the holders of the SPA Preferred Warrants pursuant to this Section 1(d) (and analogous provisions under the SPA Preferred Warrants), (iii) the Maximum Forced Exercise Share Amount applicable to the Holder (including calculations and any other documents reasonably requested by the Holder with respect thereto) and (iv) that there has been no Equity Conditions Failure (or specifying any such Equity Conditions Failure that then exists, with an acknowledgement that unless such Equity Conditions are waived, in whole or in part, such Forced Exercise Notice will be invalid). Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if an Equity Conditions Failure occurs at any time after a Forced Exercise Notice Date and prior to the time of consummation of such applicable Forced Exercise, (A) the Company shall provide the Holder a subsequent notice to that effect and (B) unless the Holder waives the applicable Equity Conditions Failure, the Forced Exercise shall be cancelled and the applicable Forced Exercise Notice shall be null and void. For the avoidance of doubt, if any Triggering Event has occurred and continuing, unless such Triggering Event (as defined in the Certificate of Designations) has been waived, in whole or in part, in writing by the Holder, Company shall have no right to effect a Forced Exercise; provided, that such Triggering Event, as applicable, shall have no effect upon the Holders right to exercise this Warrant in its discretion.

3

(ii) Pro Rata Exercise Requirement. If the Company elects to cause a Forced Exercise of this Warrant pursuant to this Section 1(d), then it must simultaneously take the same action in the same proportion with respect to all of the SPA Preferred Warrants.

(e) Reservation of Shares. So long as this Warrant remains outstanding, the Company shall at all times keep reserved for issuance under this Warrant a number of shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock at least equal to 100% of the maximum number of shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock as shall be necessary to satisfy the Companys obligation to issue shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock under the SPA Preferred Warrants then outstanding (without regard to any limitations on exercise) (the Required Reserve Amount); provided that at no time shall the number of shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock reserved pursuant to this Section 1(e) above be reduced other than proportionally in connection with any exercise or redemption of SPA Preferred Warrants or such other event covered by Section 2(a) below. The Required Reserve Amount (including, without limitation, each increase in the number of shares so reserved) shall be allocated pro rata among the holders of the SPA Preferred Warrants based on number of shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock issuable upon exercise of SPA Preferred Warrants held by each holder on the Closing Date (without regard to any limitations on exercise) or increase in the number of reserved shares, as the case may be (the Authorized Share Allocation). In the event that a holder shall sell or otherwise transfer any of such holders SPA Preferred Warrants, each transferee shall be allocated a pro rata portion of such holders Authorized Share Allocation. Any shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock reserved and allocated to any Person which ceases to hold any SPA Preferred Warrants shall be allocated to the remaining holders of SPA Preferred Warrants, pro rata based on the number of Warrant Preferred Shares issuable upon exercise of the SPA Preferred Warrants then held by such holders (without regard to any limitations on exercise). If, notwithstanding the foregoing, and not in limitation thereof, at any time while any of the SPA Preferred Warrants remain outstanding, the Company does not have a sufficient number of authorized and unreserved shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock to satisfy its obligation to reserve the Required Reserve Amount (an Authorized Share Failure), then the Company shall immediately take all action necessary to increase the Companys authorized shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock to an amount sufficient to allow the Company to reserve the Required Reserve Amount for all the SPA Preferred Warrants then outstanding. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing sentence, as soon as practicable after the date of the occurrence of an Authorized Share Failure, but in no event later than sixty (60) days after the occurrence of such Authorized Share Failure, the Company shall hold a meeting of its shareholders for the approval of an increase in the number of authorized shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. In connection with such meeting, the Company shall provide each shareholder with a proxy statement and shall use its best efforts to solicit its shareholders approval of such increase in authorized shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock and to cause its board of directors to recommend to the shareholders that they approve such proposal. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any such time of an Authorized Share Failure, the Company is able to obtain the written consent of a majority of its issued and outstanding shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock to approve the increase in the number of authorized shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, the Company may satisfy this obligation by obtaining such consent and submitting for filing with the SEC an Information Statement on Schedule 14C.

4

2. ADJUSTMENT OF EXERCISE PRICE AND NUMBER OF WARRANT PREFERRED SHARES. The Exercise Price and number of Warrant Preferred Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant are subject to adjustment from time to time as set forth in this Section 2.

(a) Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time on or after the Subscription Date, (i) pays a stock dividend on one or more classes of its then outstanding Warrant Preferred Shares or otherwise makes a distribution on any class of capital stock that is payable in Warrant Preferred Shares, (ii) subdivides (by any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization or otherwise) one or more classes of its then outstanding Warrant Preferred Shares into a larger number of shares or (iii) combines (by combination, reverse stock split or otherwise) one or more classes of its then outstanding Warrant Preferred Shares into a smaller number of shares then in each such case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of Warrant Preferred Shares outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of Warrant Preferred Shares outstanding immediately after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to clause (i) of this paragraph shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution, and any adjustment pursuant to clause (ii) or (iii) of this paragraph shall become effective immediately after the effective date of such subdivision or combination. If any event requiring an adjustment under this paragraph occurs during the period that an Exercise Price is calculated hereunder, then the calculation of such Exercise Price shall be adjusted appropriately to reflect such event.

(b) Number of Warrant Preferred Shares. Simultaneously with any adjustment to the Exercise Price pursuant to this Section 2, the number of Warrant Preferred Shares that may be purchased upon exercise of this Warrant shall be increased or decreased proportionately, so that after such adjustment the aggregate Exercise Price payable hereunder for the adjusted number of Warrant Preferred Shares shall be the same as the aggregate Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such adjustment (without regard to any limitations on exercise contained herein).

(c) Voluntary Adjustment By Company. Subject to the rules and regulations of the Principal Market, the Company may at any time during the term of this Warrant, with the prior written consent of the Required Holders (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement), reduce the then current Exercise Price to any amount and for any period of time deemed appropriate by the board of directors of the Company.

5

3. FUNDAMENTAL TRANSACTIONS.

(a) Fundamental Transactions. The Company shall not enter into or be party to a Fundamental Transaction unless (i) the Successor Entity assumes in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(a) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder prior to such Fundamental Transaction, including agreements to deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant, including, without limitation, which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock equivalent to the shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such adjustments to the number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction) and (ii) the Successor Entity (including its Parent Entity) is a publicly traded corporation whose common stock is quoted on or listed for trading on an Eligible Market. Upon the consummation of each Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of the applicable Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein. Upon consummation of each Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall deliver to the Holder confirmation that there shall be issued upon exercise of this Warrant at any time after the consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction, in lieu of the shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (or other securities, cash, assets or other property) issuable upon the exercise of this Warrant prior to the applicable Fundamental Transaction, such shares of publicly traded common stock (or its equivalent) of the Successor Entity (including its Parent Entity) which the Holder would have been entitled to receive upon the happening of the applicable Fundamental Transaction had this Warrant been completely exercised (and the underlying Warrant Preferred Shares completely converted) immediately prior to the applicable Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitations on the conversion of the Warrant Preferred Shares), as adjusted in accordance with the provisions of this Warrant. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Holder may elect, at its sole option, by delivery of written notice to the Company to waive this Section 3(a) to permit the Fundamental Transaction without the assumption of this Warrant. In addition to and not in substitution for any other rights hereunder, prior to the consummation of each Fundamental Transaction pursuant to which holders of shares of Common Stock are entitled to receive securities or other assets with respect to or in exchange for shares of Common Stock (a Corporate Event), the Company shall make appropriate provision to insure that the Holder will thereafter have the right to receive upon an exercise of this Warrant and conversion of the underlying Warrant Preferred Shares at any time after the consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction but prior to the Expiration Date, in lieu of the shares of the Common Stock (or other securities, cash, assets or other property) issuable upon the exercise of the Warrant and conversion of the underlying Warrant Preferred Shares prior to such Fundamental Transaction, such shares of stock, securities, cash, assets or any other property whatsoever (including warrants or other purchase or subscription rights) which the Holder would have been entitled to receive upon the happening of the applicable Fundamental Transaction had this Warrant been exercised and converted into Warrant Preferred Shares immediately prior to the applicable Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant). Provision made pursuant to the preceding sentence shall be in a form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder.

6

(b) Application. The provisions of this Section 3 shall apply similarly and equally to successive Fundamental Transactions and Corporate Events and shall be applied as if this Warrant (and any such subsequent warrants) were fully exercisable and without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant.

4. NONCIRCUMVENTION. The Company hereby covenants and agrees that the Company will not, by amendment of its Certificate of Incorporation (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement), Bylaws (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issuance or sale of securities, or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, and will at all times in good faith carry out all the provisions of this Warrant and take all action as may be required to protect the rights of the Holder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company (a) shall not increase the par value of any Warrant Preferred Shares receivable upon the exercise of this Warrant above the Exercise Price then in effect, and (b) shall take all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable Warrant Preferred Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant.

5. WARRANT HOLDER NOT DEEMED A STOCKHOLDER. Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, the Holder, solely in its capacity as a holder of this Warrant, shall not be entitled to vote or receive dividends or be deemed the holder of share capital of the Company for any purpose, nor shall anything contained in this Warrant be construed to confer upon the Holder, solely in its capacity as the Holder of this Warrant, any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company or any right to vote, give or withhold consent to any corporate action (whether any reorganization, issue of stock, reclassification of stock, consolidation, merger, conveyance or otherwise), receive notice of meetings, receive dividends or subscription rights, or otherwise, prior to the issuance to the Holder of the Warrant Preferred Shares which it is then entitled to receive upon the due exercise of this Warrant. In addition, nothing contained in this Warrant shall be construed as imposing any liabilities on the Holder to purchase any securities (upon exercise of this Warrant or otherwise) or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liabilities are asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company, except to the extent required, from time to time, pursuant to Section 1(d) herein. Notwithstanding this Section 5, the Company shall provide the Holder with copies of the same notices and other information given to the stockholders of the Company generally, contemporaneously with the giving thereof to the stockholders. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if after the sixty (60) calendar day anniversary of the Issuance Date, the Holder is not permitted to exercise this Warrant in full for any reason, the Company shall use its best efforts to promptly remedy such failure, including, without limitation, obtaining such consents or approvals as necessary to permit such exercise into shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock.

7

6. REISSUANCE OF WARRANTS.

(a) Transfer of Warrant. If this Warrant is to be transferred, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company, whereupon the Company will forthwith issue and deliver upon the order of the Holder a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 6(d)), registered as the Holder may request, representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Preferred Shares being transferred by the Holder and, if less than the total number of Warrant Preferred Shares then underlying this Warrant is being transferred, a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 6(d)) to the Holder representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Preferred Shares not being transferred.

(b) Lost, Stolen or Mutilated Warrant. Upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant (as to which a written certification and the indemnification contemplated below shall suffice as such evidence), and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of any indemnification undertaking by the Holder to the Company in customary and reasonable form and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of this Warrant, the Company shall execute and deliver to the Holder a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 6(d)) representing the right to purchase the Warrant Preferred Shares then underlying this Warrant.

(c) Exchangeable for Multiple Warrants. This Warrant is exchangeable, upon the surrender hereof by the Holder at the principal office of the Company, for a new Warrant or Warrants (in accordance with Section 6(d)) representing in the aggregate the right to purchase the number of Warrant Preferred Shares then underlying this Warrant, and each such new Warrant will represent the right to purchase such portion of such Warrant Preferred Shares as is designated by the Holder at the time of such surrender; provided, however, no warrants for fractional Warrant Preferred Shares shall be given.

(d) Issuance of New Warrants. Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Warrant pursuant to the terms of this Warrant, such new Warrant (i) shall be of like tenor with this Warrant, (ii) shall represent, as indicated on the face of such new Warrant, the right to purchase the Warrant Preferred Shares then underlying this Warrant (or in the case of a new Warrant being issued pursuant to Section 6(a) or Section 6(c), the Warrant Preferred Shares designated by the Holder which, when added to the number of Warrant Preferred Shares underlying the other new Warrants issued in connection with such issuance, does not exceed the number of Warrant Preferred Shares then underlying this Warrant), (iii) shall have an issuance date, as indicated on the face of such new Warrant which is the same as the Issuance Date, and (iv) shall have the same rights and conditions as this Warrant.

8

7. NOTICES. Whenever notice is required to be given under this Warrant, unless otherwise provided herein, such notice shall be given in accordance with Section 9(f) of the Securities Purchase Agreement. The Company shall provide the Holder with prompt written notice of all actions taken pursuant to this Warrant (other than the issuance of Warrant Preferred Shares upon exercise in accordance with the terms hereof), including in reasonable detail a description of such action and the reason therefor. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will give written notice to the Holder (i) promptly upon each adjustment of the Exercise Price and the number of Warrant Preferred Shares, setting forth in reasonable detail, and certifying, the calculation of such adjustment(s), (ii) at least fifteen (15) days prior to the date on which the Company closes its books or takes a record for determining rights to vote with respect to any Fundamental Transaction, dissolution or liquidation, provided in each case that such information shall be made known to the public prior to or in conjunction with such notice being provided to the Holder, (iii) at least ten (10) Trading Days prior to the consummation of any Fundamental Transaction and (iv) within one (1) Business Day of the occurrence of a Triggering Event (as defined in the Certificate of Designations), setting forth in reasonable detail any material events with respect to such Triggering Event and any efforts by the Company to cure such Triggering Event. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement), the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the SEC (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. If the Company or any of its Subsidiaries provides material non-public information to the Holder that is not simultaneously filed in a Current Report on Form 8-K and the Holder has not agreed to receive such material non-public information, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that the Holder shall not have any duty of confidentiality to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, affiliates or agents with respect to, or a duty to any of the foregoing not to trade on the basis of, such material non-public information. It is expressly understood and agreed that the time of execution specified by the Holder in each Exercise Notice shall be definitive and may not be disputed or challenged by the Company.

8. DISCLOSURE. Upon delivery by the Company to the Holder (or receipt by the Company from the Holder) of any notice in accordance with the terms of this Warrant, unless the Company has in good faith determined that the matters relating to such notice do not constitute material, non-public information relating to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, the Company shall on or prior to 9:00 am, New York city time on the Business Day immediately following such notice delivery date, publicly disclose such material, non-public information on a Current Report on Form 8-K or otherwise. In the event that the Company believes that a notice contains material, non-public information relating to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, the Company so shall indicate to the Holder explicitly in writing in such notice (or immediately upon receipt of notice from the Holder, as applicable), and in the absence of any such written indication in such notice (or notification from the Company immediately upon receipt of notice from the Holder), the Holder shall be entitled to presume that information contained in the notice does not constitute material, non-public information relating to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Nothing contained in this Section 8 shall limit any obligations of the Company, or any rights of the Holder, under Section 4(i) of the Securities Purchase Agreement.

9. ABSENCE OF TRADING AND DISCLOSURE RESTRICTIONS. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Holder is not a fiduciary or agent of the Company and that the Holder shall have no obligation to (a) maintain the confidentiality of any information provided by the Company or (b) refrain from trading any securities while in possession of such information in the absence of a written non-disclosure agreement signed by an officer of the Holder that explicitly provides for such confidentiality and trading restrictions. In the absence of such an executed, written non-disclosure agreement, the Company acknowledges that the Holder may freely trade in any securities issued by the Company, may possess and use any information provided by the Company in connection with such trading activity, and may disclose any such information to any third party.

9

10. AMENDMENT AND WAIVER. Except as otherwise provided herein, the provisions of this Warrant may be amended and the Company may take any action herein prohibited, or omit to perform any act herein required to be performed by it, only if the Company has obtained the written consent of the Holder. No waiver shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by an authorized representative of the waiving party.

11. SEVERABILITY. If any provision of this Warrant is prohibited by law or otherwise determined to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the provision that would otherwise be prohibited, invalid or unenforceable shall be deemed amended to apply to the broadest extent that it would be valid and enforceable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Warrant so long as this Warrant as so modified continues to express, without material change, the original intentions of the parties as to the subject matter hereof and the prohibited nature, invalidity or unenforceability of the provision(s) in question does not substantially impair the respective expectations or reciprocal obligations of the parties or the practical realization of the benefits that would otherwise be conferred upon the parties. The parties will endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the prohibited, invalid or unenforceable provision(s) with a valid provision(s), the effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the prohibited, invalid or unenforceable provision(s).

12. GOVERNING LAW. This Warrant shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with, and all questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and performance of this Warrant shall be governed by, the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to any provision or rule (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of Delaware. The Company hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof to the Company at the address set forth in Section 9(f) of the Securities Purchase Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. The Company hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in Wilmington, Delaware for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed or operate to preclude the Holder from bringing suit or taking other legal action against the Company in any other jurisdiction to collect on the Companys obligations to the Holder, to realize on any collateral or any other security for such obligations, or to enforce a judgment or other court ruling in favor of the Holder. THE COMPANY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS WARRANT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

10

13. CONSTRUCTION; HEADINGS. This Warrant shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and the Holder and shall not be construed against any Person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Warrant are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this Warrant. Terms used in this Warrant but defined in the other Transaction Documents shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms on the Closing Date (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) in such other Transaction Documents unless otherwise consented to in writing by the Holder.

14. DISPUTE RESOLUTION.

(a) Submission to Dispute Resolution.

(i) In the case of a dispute relating to the Exercise Price or fair market value or the arithmetic calculation of the number of Warrant Preferred Shares (as the case may be) (including, without limitation, a dispute relating to the determination of any of the foregoing), the Company or the Holder (as the case may be) shall submit the dispute to the other party via electronic mail (A) if by the Company, within two (2) Business Days after the occurrence of the circumstances giving rise to such dispute or (B) if by the Holder, at any time after the Holder learned of the circumstances giving rise to such dispute. If the Holder and the Company are unable to promptly resolve such dispute relating to such Exercise Price or such fair market value or such arithmetic calculation of the number of Warrant Preferred Shares (as the case may be), at any time after the second (2nd) Business Day following such initial notice by the Company or the Holder (as the case may be) of such dispute to the Company or the Holder (as the case may be), then the Holder may, at its sole option, select an independent, reputable investment bank to resolve such dispute.

(ii) The Holder and the Company shall each deliver to such investment bank (A) a copy of the initial dispute submission so delivered in accordance with the first sentence of this Section 14 and (B) written documentation supporting its position with respect to such dispute, in each case, no later than 5:00 p.m. (New York time) by the fifth (5th) Business Day immediately following the date on which the Holder selected such investment bank (the DisputeSubmission Deadline) (the documents referred to in the immediately preceding clauses (A) and (B) are collectively referred to herein as the RequiredDispute Documentation) (it being understood and agreed that if either the Holder or the Company fails to so deliver all of the Required Dispute Documentation by the Dispute Submission Deadline, then the party who fails to so submit all of the Required Dispute Documentation shall no longer be entitled to (and hereby waives its right to) deliver or submit any written documentation or other support to such investment bank with respect to such dispute and such investment bank shall resolve such dispute based solely on the Required Dispute Documentation that was delivered to such investment bank prior to the Dispute Submission Deadline). Unless otherwise agreed to in writing by both the Company and the Holder or otherwise requested by such investment bank, neither the Company nor the Holder shall be entitled to deliver or submit any written documentation or other support to such investment bank in connection with such dispute (other than the Required Dispute Documentation).

(iii) The Company and the Holder shall cause such investment bank to determine the resolution of such dispute and notify the Company and the Holder of such resolution no later than ten (10) Business Days immediately following the Dispute Submission Deadline. Such investment banks resolution of such dispute shall be final and binding upon all parties absent manifest error.

11

(iv) Any reasonable costs and/or fees, including all reasonable attorneys fees of all parties and/or the reasonable fees of the investment bank, shall be paid at the resolution of the dispute by the losing party.

(b) Miscellaneous. The Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) this Section 13 constitutes an agreement to arbitrate between the Company and the Holder (and constitutes an arbitration agreement) under the rules then in effect under the Delaware Rapid Arbitration Act, as amended, (ii) the terms of this Warrant and each other applicable Transaction Document shall serve as the basis for the selected investment banks resolution of the applicable dispute, such investment bank shall be entitled (and is hereby expressly authorized) to make all findings, determinations and the like that such investment bank determines are required to be made by such investment bank in connection with its resolution of such dispute, in its sole discretion, the Holder shall have the right to submit any dispute described in this Section 14 to any state or federal court sitting in Wilmington, Delaware in lieu of utilizing the procedures set forth in this Section 14 and (iii) nothing in this Section 14 shall limit the Holder from obtaining any injunctive relief or other equitable remedies (including, without limitation, with respect to any matters described in this Section 14).

15. REMEDIES, CHARACTERIZATION, OTHER OBLIGATIONS, BREACHES AND INJUNCTIVE RELIEF. The remedies provided in this Warrant shall be cumulative and in addition to all other remedies available under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents, at law or in equity (including a decree of specific performance and/or other injunctive relief), and nothing herein shall limit the right of the Holder to pursue actual and consequential damages for any failure by the Company to comply with the terms of this Warrant. The Company covenants to the Holder that there shall be no characterization concerning this instrument other than as expressly provided herein. Amounts set forth or provided for herein with respect to payments, exercises and the like (and the computation thereof) shall be the amounts to be received by the Holder and shall not, except as expressly provided herein, be subject to any other obligation of the Company (or the performance thereof). The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder and that the remedy at law for any such breach may be inadequate. The Company therefore agrees that, in the event of any such breach or threatened breach, the holder of this Warrant shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to specific performance and/or temporary, preliminary and permanent injunctive or other equitable relief from any court of competent jurisdiction in any such case without the necessity of proving actual damages and without posting a bond or other security. The Company shall provide all information and documentation to the Holder that is requested by the Holder to enable the Holder to confirm the Companys compliance with the terms and conditions of this Warrant (including, without limitation, compliance with Section 2 hereof). The issuance of shares and certificates for shares as contemplated hereby upon the exercise of this Warrant shall be made without charge to the Holder or such shares for any issuance tax or other costs in respect thereof, provided that the Company shall not be required to pay any tax which may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issuance and delivery of any certificate in a name other than the Holder or its agent on its behalf.

12

16. PAYMENT OF COLLECTION, ENFORCEMENT AND OTHER COSTS. If (a) this Warrant is placed in the hands of an attorney for collection or enforcement or is collected or enforced through any legal proceeding or the Holder otherwise takes action to collect amounts due under this Warrant or to enforce the provisions of this Warrant or (b) there occurs any bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership of the company or other proceedings affecting company creditors rights and involving a claim under this Warrant, then the Company shall pay the costs incurred by the Holder for such collection, enforcement or action or in connection with such bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership or other proceeding, including, without limitation, attorneys fees and disbursements. 

17. TRANSFER. This Warrant may be offered for sale, sold, transferred or assigned without the consent of the Company, except as may otherwise be required by Section 2(g) of the Securities Purchase Agreement.

18. CERTAIN DEFINITIONS. For purposes of this Warrant, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

(a) 1933 Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder.

(b) 1934 Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder.

(c) Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such Person, it being understood for purposes of this definition that control of a Person means the power directly or indirectly either to vote 10% or more of the stock having ordinary voting power for the election of directors of such Person or direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person whether by contract or otherwise.

(d) Bloomberg means Bloomberg, L.P.

(e) Business Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York generally are open for use by customers on such day.

(f) Certificate of Designations means that certain Certificate of Designation for the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company, dated as of January 16, 2025, as amended from time to time.

(g) Common Stock means (i) the Companys shares of Class B common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, and (ii) any capital stock into which such common stock shall have been changed or any share capital resulting from a reclassification of such common stock.

13

(h) Common Warrants has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Securities Purchase Agreement, and shall include all warrants issued in exchange therefor or replacement thereof.

(i) Convertible Securities means any stock or other security (other than Options) that is at any time and under any circumstances, directly or indirectly, convertible into, exercisable or exchangeable for, or which otherwise entitles the holder thereof to acquire, any shares of Common Stock.

(j) Eligible Market means The New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, or the Principal Market.

(k) Equity Conditions means, with respect to an given date of determination: (i) the Common Stock (including all shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock then outstanding and the Warrant Preferred Shares to be issued in the event requiring this determination) is listed or designated for quotation (as applicable) on an Eligible Market and shall not have been suspended from trading on an Eligible Market (other than suspensions of not more than two (2) days and occurring prior to the applicable date of determination due to business announcements by the Company) nor shall delisting or suspension by an Eligible Market have been threatened (with a reasonable prospect of delisting occurring after giving effect to all applicable notice, appeal, compliance and hearing periods) or reasonably likely to occur or pending as evidenced by (A) a writing by such Eligible Market or (B) the Company falling below the minimum listing maintenance requirements of the Eligible Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or designated for quotation (as applicable); (ii) during thirty (30) calendar days prior to the applicable date of determination and ending on and including the applicable date of determination (the Equity Conditions Measuring Period);, the Company shall have delivered all Warrant Preferred Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant on a timely basis as set forth in Section 1 hereof and all other shares of capital stock required to be delivered by the Company on a timely basis as set forth in the other Transaction Documents; (iii) any Warrant Preferred Shares to be issued in connection with the event requiring determination (and all shares of Common Stock (the Conversion Shares) issuable upon conversion of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock then outstanding and such Warrant Preferred Shares to be issued in connection with the event requiring such determination, without regard to any limitations on conversion set forth in the Certificate of Designations, at the Alternate Conversion Price (as defined in the Certificate of Designations) then in effect (such applicable aggregate number of shares of Common Stock, each, a Required Minimum Securities Amount) (in each case, without regard to any limitations on conversion set forth in the Certificate of Designations and at the Alternate Conversion Price then in effect) may be issued in full without violating the rules or regulations of the Eligible Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or designated for quotation (as applicable); (iv) on each day during the Equity Conditions Measuring Period, no public announcement of a pending, proposed or intended Fundamental Transaction shall have occurred which has not been abandoned, terminated or consummated; (v) the Holder shall not be in possession of any material, non-public information provided to any of them by the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective affiliates, employees, officers, representatives, agents or the like; (vi) on each day during the Equity Conditions Measuring Period, the Company otherwise shall have been in compliance with each, and shall not have breached any representation or warranty in any material respect (other than representations or warranties subject to material adverse effect or materiality, which may not be breached in any respect) or any covenant or other term or condition of any Transaction Document, including, without limitation, the Company shall not have failed to timely make any payment pursuant to any Transaction Document; (vii) on the applicable date of determination (A) no Authorized Share Failure shall exist or be continuing, (B) all Warrant Preferred Shares to be issued in connection with the event requiring this determination may be issued in full without resulting in an Authorized Share Failure (as defined in Section 1(e) above) and (C) the issuance of the Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion of such Warrant Preferred Shares and the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock then outstanding (assuming, for such purpose, that all the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock then outstanding and such Warrant Preferred Shares are converted at the Alternate Conversion Price then in effect and without regard to any limitations on conversion set forth in the Certificate of Designations) will not result in an Authorized Share Failure (as defined in the Certificate of Designations); (viii) on each day during the Equity Conditions Measuring Period, there shall not have occurred and there shall not exist a Triggering Event (as defined in the Certificate of Designations) or an event that with the passage of time or giving of notice would constitute a Triggering Event (regardless of whether the Holder has submitted a Triggering Event Redemption Notice (as defined in the Certificate of Designations), as applicable); (ix) the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of all of the Preferred Shares issued pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement and issuable upon exercise of the SPA Preferred Warrants are duly authorized and listed and eligible for trading without restriction on an Eligible Market (assuming, for such purpose, that all the Preferred Shares then outstanding and such Warrant Preferred Shares are converted at the Alternate Conversion Price then in effect and without regard to any limitations on conversion set forth in the Certificate of Designations); (x) no bone fide dispute shall exist, by and between any of holder of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, SPA Preferred Warrants or Common Warrants, the Company, the Principal Market (or such applicable Eligible Market in which the Common Stock of the Company is then principally trading) and/or FINRA with respect to any term or provision of the Certificate of Designations, any SPA Preferred Warrant, any Common Warrant or any other Transaction Document and (xi) the Company shall have obtained the Stockholder Approval (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement), which shall remain in full force and effect as of such date of determination.

14

(l) Equity Conditions Failure means that on each day during the period commencing twenty (20) Trading Days prior to the applicable Forced Exercise Notice Date through and including the applicable Forced Exercise Date, the Equity Conditions have not been satisfied (or waived in writing by the Holder).

(m) Expiration Date means the date that is the twelve month anniversary of the Business Combination Closing Date (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) (or such later date as extended by written consent of the Company and the Holder) or, if such date falls on a day other than a Trading Day or on which trading does not take place on the Principal Market (a Holiday), the next date that is not a Holiday.

(n) Fundamental Transaction means (A) that the Company shall, directly or indirectly, including through subsidiaries, Affiliates or otherwise, in one or more related transactions, (i) consolidate or merge with or into (whether or not the Company is the surviving corporation) another Subject Entity, or (ii) sell, assign, transfer, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of the properties or assets of the Company or any of its significant subsidiaries (as defined in Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X) to one or more Subject Entities, or (iii) make, or allow one or more Subject Entities to make, or allow the Company to be subject to or have its Common Stock be subject to or party to one or more Subject Entities making, a purchase, tender or exchange offer that is accepted by the holders of at least either (x) 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, (y) 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock calculated as if any shares of Common Stock held by all Subject Entities making or party to, or Affiliated with any Subject Entities making or party to, such purchase, tender or exchange offer were not outstanding; or (z) such number of shares of Common Stock such that all Subject Entities making or party to, or Affiliated with any Subject Entity making or party to, such purchase, tender or exchange offer, become collectively the beneficial owners (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the 1934 Act) of at least 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, or (iv) consummate a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with one or more Subject Entities whereby all such Subject Entities, individually or in the aggregate, acquire, either (x) at least 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, (y) at least 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock calculated as if any shares of Common Stock held by all the Subject Entities making or party to, or Affiliated with any Subject Entity making or party to, such stock purchase agreement or other business combination were not outstanding; or (z) such number of shares of Common Stock such that the Subject Entities become collectively the beneficial owners (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the 1934 Act) of at least 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, or (v) reorganize, recapitalize or reclassify its Common Stock, (B) that the Company shall, directly or indirectly, including through subsidiaries, Affiliates or otherwise, in one or more related transactions, allow any Subject Entity individually or the Subject Entities in the aggregate to be or become the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the 1934 Act), directly or indirectly, whether through acquisition, purchase, assignment, conveyance, tender, tender offer, exchange, reduction in outstanding shares of Common Stock, merger, consolidation, business combination, reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, scheme of arrangement, reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification or otherwise in any manner whatsoever, of either (x) at least 50% of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by issued and outstanding Common Stock, (y) at least 50% of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by issued and outstanding Common Stock not held by all such Subject Entities as of the date of this Warrant calculated as if any shares of Common Stock held by all such Subject Entities were not outstanding, or (z) a percentage of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock or other equity securities of the Company sufficient to allow such Subject Entities to effect a statutory short form merger or other transaction requiring other stockholders of the Company to surrender their shares of Common Stock without approval of the stockholders of the Company or (C) directly or indirectly, including through subsidiaries, Affiliates or otherwise, in one or more related transactions, the issuance of or the entering into any other instrument or transaction structured in a manner to circumvent, or that circumvents, the intent of this definition in which case this definition shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this definition to the extent necessary to correct this definition or any portion of this definition which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended treatment of such instrument or transaction.

(o) Group means a group as that term is used in Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act and as defined in Rule 13d-5 thereunder.

15

(p) Holder Pro Rata Amount means a fraction (i) the numerator of which is the aggregate number of shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock issued to the Holder on the Closing Date and (ii) the denominator of which is the aggregate number of shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock issued to the initial purchasers pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement on the Closing Date.

(q) Options means any rights, warrants or options to subscribe for or purchase Common Shares or Convertible Securities (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement).

(r) Parent Entity of a Person means an entity that, directly or indirectly, controls the applicable Person and whose common stock or equivalent equity security is quoted or listed on an Eligible Market, or, if there is more than one such Person or Parent Entity, the Person or Parent Entity with the largest public market capitalization as of the date of consummation of the Fundamental Transaction.

(s) Person means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization, any other entity or a government or any department or agency thereof.

(t) Principal Market means the Nasdaq Capital Market.

(u) SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or the successor thereto.

(v) Series B Convertible Preferred Stock means (i) the Companys Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, $0.0001 par value per share, issued and issuable pursuant to the Series B Certificate of Designations and (ii) any capital stock into which such Series B Convertible Preferred Stock shall have been changed or any share capital resulting from a reclassification of such Series B Convertible Preferred Stock.

(w) Subject Entity means any Person, Persons or Group or any Affiliate or associate of any such Person, Persons or Group.

(x) Successor Entity means the Person (or, if so elected by the Holder, the Parent Entity) formed by, resulting from or surviving any Fundamental Transaction or the Person (or, if so elected by the Holder, the Parent Entity) with which such Fundamental Transaction shall have been entered into.

(y) Trading Day means, as applicable, (x) with respect to all price or trading volume determinations relating to the Common Stock, any day on which the Common Stock is traded on the Principal Market, or, if the Principal Market is not the principal trading market for the Common Stock, then on the principal securities exchange or securities market on which the Common Stock is then traded, provided that Trading Day shall not include any day on which the Common Stock is scheduled to trade on such exchange or market for less than 4.5 hours or any day that the Common Stock is suspended from trading during the final hour of trading on such exchange or market (or if such exchange or market does not designate in advance the closing time of trading on such exchange or market, then during the hour ending at 4:00:00 p.m., New York time) unless such day is otherwise designated as a Trading Day in writing by the Holder or (y) with respect to all determinations other than price or trading volume determinations relating to the Common Stock, any day on which The New York Stock Exchange (or any successor thereto) is open for trading of securities.

(z) VWAP means, for any security as of any date, the dollar volume-weighted average price for such security on the Principal Market (or, if the Principal Market is not the principal trading market for such security, then on the principal securities exchange or securities market on which such security is then traded), during the period beginning at 9:30 a.m., New York time, and ending at 4:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Bloomberg through its VAP function (set to 09:30 start time and 16:00 end time) or, if the foregoing does not apply, the dollar volume-weighted average price of such security in the over-the-counter market on the electronic bulletin board for such security during the period beginning at 9:30 a.m., New York time, and ending at 4:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Bloomberg, or, if no dollar volume-weighted average price is reported for such security by Bloomberg for such hours, the average of the highest closing bid price and the lowest closing ask price of any of the market makers for such security as reported in The Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices). If the VWAP cannot be calculated for such security on such date on any of the foregoing bases, the VWAP of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the Holder. If the Company and the Holder are unable to agree upon the fair market value of such security, then such dispute shall be resolved in accordance with the procedures in Section 14. All such determinations shall be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, recapitalization or other similar transaction during such period.

[signature page follows]

16

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to Purchase Series B Convertible Preferred Stock to be duly executed as of the Issuance Date set out above.

CLASSOVER HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

17

EXHIBIT A

EXERCISE NOTICE

TO BE EXECUTED BY THE REGISTERED HOLDER TO EXERCISE THIS

WARRANT TO PURCHASE SERIES B CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK 

CLASSOVER HOLDINGS, INC.

The undersigned holder hereby elects to exercise the Warrant to Purchase Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, No. [ ] (the Warrant) of Classover Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company) as specified below. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Warrant.

1. Payment of Exercise Price. The Holder shall pay the Aggregate Exercise Price in the sum of $___________________ to the Company in accordance with the terms of the Warrant.

2. Delivery of Warrant Preferred Shares. The Company shall deliver to Holder, or its designee or agent as specified below, __________ shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock in accordance with the terms of the Warrant. Delivery shall be made to Holder, or for its benefit, as a certificate to the following name and to the following address:

Issue to: 

Date: _____________ __, 

Name of Registered Holder 

By: 

Name: 

Title:

Tax ID:____________________________

E-mail Address:_____________________

18
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.6
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>class_ex46.htm
<DESCRIPTION>SECOND PREFERRED WARRANT
<TEXT>
class_ex46.htm

EXHIBIT 4.6

Final Form

SECOND PREFERRED WARRANT

NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE HOLDER (IF REQUESTED BY THE COMPANY), IN A FORM REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD OR ELIGIBLE TO BE SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES. THE NUMBER OF PREFERRED SHARES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS WARRANT MAY BE LESS THAN THE AMOUNTS SET FORTH ON THE FACE HEREOF PURSUANT TO SECTION 1(a)OF THIS WARRANT.

CLASSOVER HOLDINGS, INC.

SECOND WARRANT TO PURCHASE

SERIES B CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK

Preferred Warrant No.: PW2-1

Date of Issuance: April 4, 2025 (Issuance Date)

Classover Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), hereby certifies that, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, __________, the registered holder hereof or its permitted assigns (the Holder), is entitled, subject to the terms set forth below, to purchase from the Company, at the Exercise Price (as defined below) then in effect, upon exercise of this Second Warrant to Purchase Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (including any Second Warrants to Purchase Series B Convertible Preferred Stock issued in exchange, transfer or replacement hereof, the Warrant), at any time or times on or after the six month anniversary of the Issuance Date (the Initial Exercisability Date), but not after 11:59 p.m., New York time, on the Expiration Date (as defined below), 1000 (subject to adjustment as provided herein) fully paid and non-assessable shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (the Warrant Preferred Shares). This Second Warrant is one of the Preferred Warrants (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement (as defined below)) to Purchase Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (the SPA Preferred Warrants) issued pursuant to Section 1 of that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 22, 2024 (the Subscription Date), by and among the Company and the investors (the Buyers) referred to therein, as amended from time to time (the Securities Purchase Agreement). Except as otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms in this Warrant shall have the meanings set forth in Section 18.

1

1. EXERCISE OF WARRANT.

(a) Mechanics of Exercise. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, this Warrant may be exercised by the Holder on any day on or after the Initial Exercisability Date (an Exercise Date), in whole or in part, by delivery (whether via e-mail or otherwise) of a written notice, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Exercise Notice), of the Holders election to exercise this Warrant. Within one (1) Trading Day following an exercise of this Warrant as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver payment to the Company of an amount equal to the Exercise Price in effect on the date of such exercise multiplied by the number of Warrant Preferred Shares as to which this Warrant was so exercised (the Aggregate Exercise Price) in cash or via wire transfer of immediately available funds. The Holder shall not be required to deliver the original of this Warrant in order to effect an exercise hereunder. Execution and delivery of an Exercise Notice with respect to less than all of the Warrant Preferred Shares shall have the same effect as cancellation of the original of this Warrant and issuance of a new Warrant evidencing the right to purchase the remaining number of Warrant Preferred Shares. Execution and delivery of an Exercise Notice for all of the then-remaining Warrant Preferred Shares shall have the same effect as cancellation of the original of this Warrant after delivery of the Warrant Preferred Shares in accordance with the terms hereof. On or before the first (1st) Trading Day following the date on which the Company has received such Exercise Notice (or such earlier date as required pursuant to the 1934 Act or other applicable law, rule or regulation for the settlement of a trade of such Warrant Preferred Shares initiated on the applicable Exercise Date), the Company shall issue and deliver (via reputable overnight courier) to the address as specified in the Exercise Notice, a certificate, registered in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Preferred Shares to which the Holder shall be entitled pursuant to such exercise. Upon delivery of an Exercise Notice and the release, at the direction of the Holder, of a wire (or irrevocable wire instructions to send the wire as soon as commercially practicable, but in no event later than the next Trading Day) of the Aggregate Exercise Price to the Company (the Exercise Conditions), the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Preferred Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised (including, without limitation, the right to convert such Warrant Preferred Shares), irrespective of the date of delivery of the certificates evidencing such Warrant Preferred Shares (as the case may be). If a certificate with respect to this Warrant is delivered to the Company in connection with any exercise pursuant to this Section 1(a) and the number of Warrant Preferred Shares represented by this Warrant submitted for exercise is greater than the number of Warrant Preferred Shares being acquired upon an exercise, then, at the request of the Holder, the Company shall as soon as practicable and in no event later than one (1) Business Day after any exercise and at its own expense, issue and deliver to the Holder (or its designee) a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 6(d)) representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Preferred Shares purchasable immediately prior to such exercise under this Warrant, less the number of Warrant Preferred Shares with respect to which this Warrant is exercised. No fractional Warrant Preferred Shares are to be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant, but rather the number of Warrant Preferred Shares to be issued shall be rounded up to the nearest whole number. The Company shall pay any and all transfer, stamp, issuance and similar taxes, costs and expenses that may be payable with respect to the issuance and delivery of Warrant Preferred Shares upon exercise of this Warrant. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Companys failure to deliver Warrant Preferred Shares to the Holder on or prior to the later of (i) two (2) Trading Days after receipt of the applicable Exercise Notice (or such earlier date as required pursuant to the 1934 Act or other applicable law, rule or regulation for the settlement of a trade of such Warrant Preferred Shares initiated on the applicable Exercise Date) and (ii) one (1) Trading Day after the Companys receipt of the Aggregate Exercise Price (such later date, the Share Delivery Deadline) shall not be deemed to be a breach of this Warrant. For the avoidance of doubt, the Holder may convert the Warrant Preferred Shares into shares of Common Stock in accordance with the terms of the Certificate of Designations at any time, at the option of the Holder, following its satisfaction of the applicable Exercise Conditions (whether or not a certificate with respect to such Warrant Preferred Shares has been delivered to the Holder on or prior to such time of conversion).

2

(b) Exercise Price. For purposes of this Warrant, Exercise Price means $1,000, subject to adjustment as provided herein.

(c) Disputes. In the case of a dispute as to the determination of the Exercise Price or the arithmetic calculation of the number of Warrant Preferred Shares to be issued pursuant to the terms hereof, the Company shall promptly issue to the Holder the number of Warrant Preferred Shares that are not disputed and resolve such dispute in accordance with Section 14.

(d) Intentionally Omitted.

(e) Reservation of Shares. So long as this Warrant remains outstanding, the Company shall at all times keep reserved for issuance under this Warrant a number of shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock at least equal to 100% of the maximum number of shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock as shall be necessary to satisfy the Companys obligation to issue shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock under the SPA Preferred Warrants then outstanding (without regard to any limitations on exercise) (the Required Reserve Amount); provided that at no time shall the number of shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock reserved pursuant to this Section 1(e) above be reduced other than proportionally in connection with any exercise or redemption of SPA Preferred Warrants or such other event covered by Section 2(a) below. The Required Reserve Amount (including, without limitation, each increase in the number of shares so reserved) shall be allocated pro rata among the holders of the SPA Preferred Warrants based on number of shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock issuable upon exercise of SPA Preferred Warrants held by each holder on the Closing Date (without regard to any limitations on exercise) or increase in the number of reserved shares, as the case may be (the Authorized Share Allocation). In the event that a holder shall sell or otherwise transfer any of such holders SPA Preferred Warrants, each transferee shall be allocated a pro rata portion of such holders Authorized Share Allocation. Any shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock reserved and allocated to any Person which ceases to hold any SPA Preferred Warrants shall be allocated to the remaining holders of SPA Preferred Warrants, pro rata based on the number of Warrant Preferred Shares issuable upon exercise of the SPA Preferred Warrants then held by such holders (without regard to any limitations on exercise). If, notwithstanding the foregoing, and not in limitation thereof, at any time while any of the SPA Preferred Warrants remain outstanding, the Company does not have a sufficient number of authorized and unreserved shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock to satisfy its obligation to reserve the Required Reserve Amount (an Authorized Share Failure), then the Company shall immediately take all action necessary to increase the Companys authorized shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock to an amount sufficient to allow the Company to reserve the Required Reserve Amount for all the SPA Preferred Warrants then outstanding. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing sentence, as soon as practicable after the date of the occurrence of an Authorized Share Failure, but in no event later than sixty (60) days after the occurrence of such Authorized Share Failure, the Company shall hold a meeting of its shareholders for the approval of an increase in the number of authorized shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. In connection with such meeting, the Company shall provide each shareholder with a proxy statement and shall use its best efforts to solicit its shareholders approval of such increase in authorized shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock and to cause its board of directors to recommend to the shareholders that they approve such proposal. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any such time of an Authorized Share Failure, the Company is able to obtain the written consent of a majority of its issued and outstanding shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock to approve the increase in the number of authorized shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, the Company may satisfy this obligation by obtaining such consent and submitting for filing with the SEC an Information Statement on Schedule 14C.

3

2. ADJUSTMENT OF EXERCISE PRICE AND NUMBER OF WARRANT PREFERRED SHARES. The Exercise Price and number of Warrant Preferred Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant are subject to adjustment from time to time as set forth in this Section 2.

(a) Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time on or after the Subscription Date, (i) pays a stock dividend on one or more classes of its then outstanding Warrant Preferred Shares or otherwise makes a distribution on any class of capital stock that is payable in Warrant Preferred Shares, (ii) subdivides (by any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization or otherwise) one or more classes of its then outstanding Warrant Preferred Shares into a larger number of shares or (iii) combines (by combination, reverse stock split or otherwise) one or more classes of its then outstanding Warrant Preferred Shares into a smaller number of shares then in each such case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of Warrant Preferred Shares outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of Warrant Preferred Shares outstanding immediately after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to clause (i) of this paragraph shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution, and any adjustment pursuant to clause (ii) or (iii) of this paragraph shall become effective immediately after the effective date of such subdivision or combination. If any event requiring an adjustment under this paragraph occurs during the period that an Exercise Price is calculated hereunder, then the calculation of such Exercise Price shall be adjusted appropriately to reflect such event.

(b) Number of Warrant Preferred Shares. Simultaneously with any adjustment to the Exercise Price pursuant to this Section 2, the number of Warrant Preferred Shares that may be purchased upon exercise of this Warrant shall be increased or decreased proportionately, so that after such adjustment the aggregate Exercise Price payable hereunder for the adjusted number of Warrant Preferred Shares shall be the same as the aggregate Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such adjustment (without regard to any limitations on exercise contained herein).

(c) Voluntary Adjustment By Company. Subject to the rules and regulations of the Principal Market, the Company may at any time during the term of this Warrant, with the prior written consent of the Required Holders (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement), reduce the then current Exercise Price to any amount and for any period of time deemed appropriate by the board of directors of the Company.

4

3. FUNDAMENTAL TRANSACTIONS.

(a) Fundamental Transactions. The Company shall not enter into or be party to a Fundamental Transaction unless (i) the Successor Entity assumes in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(a) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder prior to such Fundamental Transaction, including agreements to deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant, including, without limitation, which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock equivalent to the shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such adjustments to the number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction) and (ii) the Successor Entity (including its Parent Entity) is a publicly traded corporation whose common stock is quoted on or listed for trading on an Eligible Market. Upon the consummation of each Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of the applicable Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein. Upon consummation of each Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall deliver to the Holder confirmation that there shall be issued upon exercise of this Warrant at any time after the consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction, in lieu of the shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (or other securities, cash, assets or other property) issuable upon the exercise of this Warrant prior to the applicable Fundamental Transaction, such shares of publicly traded common stock (or its equivalent) of the Successor Entity (including its Parent Entity) which the Holder would have been entitled to receive upon the happening of the applicable Fundamental Transaction had this Warrant been completely exercised (and the underlying Warrant Preferred Shares completely converted) immediately prior to the applicable Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitations on the conversion of the Warrant Preferred Shares), as adjusted in accordance with the provisions of this Warrant. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Holder may elect, at its sole option, by delivery of written notice to the Company to waive this Section 3(a) to permit the Fundamental Transaction without the assumption of this Warrant. In addition to and not in substitution for any other rights hereunder, prior to the consummation of each Fundamental Transaction pursuant to which holders of shares of Common Stock are entitled to receive securities or other assets with respect to or in exchange for shares of Common Stock (a Corporate Event), the Company shall make appropriate provision to insure that the Holder will thereafter have the right to receive upon an exercise of this Warrant and conversion of the underlying Warrant Preferred Shares at any time after the consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction but prior to the Expiration Date, in lieu of the shares of the Common Stock (or other securities, cash, assets or other property) issuable upon the exercise of the Warrant and conversion of the underlying Warrant Preferred Shares prior to such Fundamental Transaction, such shares of stock, securities, cash, assets or any other property whatsoever (including warrants or other purchase or subscription rights) which the Holder would have been entitled to receive upon the happening of the applicable Fundamental Transaction had this Warrant been exercised and converted into Warrant Preferred Shares immediately prior to the applicable Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant). Provision made pursuant to the preceding sentence shall be in a form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder.

5

(b) Application. The provisions of this Section 3 shall apply similarly and equally to successive Fundamental Transactions and Corporate Events and shall be applied as if this Warrant (and any such subsequent warrants) were fully exercisable and without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant.

4. NONCIRCUMVENTION. The Company hereby covenants and agrees that the Company will not, by amendment of its Certificate of Incorporation (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement), Bylaws (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issuance or sale of securities, or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, and will at all times in good faith carry out all the provisions of this Warrant and take all action as may be required to protect the rights of the Holder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company (a) shall not increase the par value of any Warrant Preferred Shares receivable upon the exercise of this Warrant above the Exercise Price then in effect, and (b) shall take all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable Warrant Preferred Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant.

5. WARRANT HOLDER NOT DEEMED A STOCKHOLDER. Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, the Holder, solely in its capacity as a holder of this Warrant, shall not be entitled to vote or receive dividends or be deemed the holder of share capital of the Company for any purpose, nor shall anything contained in this Warrant be construed to confer upon the Holder, solely in its capacity as the Holder of this Warrant, any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company or any right to vote, give or withhold consent to any corporate action (whether any reorganization, issue of stock, reclassification of stock, consolidation, merger, conveyance or otherwise), receive notice of meetings, receive dividends or subscription rights, or otherwise, prior to the issuance to the Holder of the Warrant Preferred Shares which it is then entitled to receive upon the due exercise of this Warrant. In addition, nothing contained in this Warrant shall be construed as imposing any liabilities on the Holder to purchase any securities (upon exercise of this Warrant or otherwise) or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liabilities are asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company, except to the extent required, from time to time, pursuant to Section 1(d) herein. Notwithstanding this Section 5, the Company shall provide the Holder with copies of the same notices and other information given to the stockholders of the Company generally, contemporaneously with the giving thereof to the stockholders. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if after the sixty (60) calendar day anniversary of the Issuance Date, the Holder is not permitted to exercise this Warrant in full for any reason, the Company shall use its best efforts to promptly remedy such failure, including, without limitation, obtaining such consents or approvals as necessary to permit such exercise into shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock.

6

6. REISSUANCE OF WARRANTS.

(a) Transfer of Warrant. If this Warrant is to be transferred, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company, whereupon the Company will forthwith issue and deliver upon the order of the Holder a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 6(d)), registered as the Holder may request, representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Preferred Shares being transferred by the Holder and, if less than the total number of Warrant Preferred Shares then underlying this Warrant is being transferred, a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 6(d)) to the Holder representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Preferred Shares not being transferred.

(b) Lost, Stolen or Mutilated Warrant. Upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant (as to which a written certification and the indemnification contemplated below shall suffice as such evidence), and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of any indemnification undertaking by the Holder to the Company in customary and reasonable form and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of this Warrant, the Company shall execute and deliver to the Holder a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 6(d)) representing the right to purchase the Warrant Preferred Shares then underlying this Warrant.

(c) Exchangeable for Multiple Warrants. This Warrant is exchangeable, upon the surrender hereof by the Holder at the principal office of the Company, for a new Warrant or Warrants (in accordance with Section 6(d)) representing in the aggregate the right to purchase the number of Warrant Preferred Shares then underlying this Warrant, and each such new Warrant will represent the right to purchase such portion of such Warrant Preferred Shares as is designated by the Holder at the time of such surrender; provided, however, no warrants for fractional Warrant Preferred Shares shall be given.

(d) Issuance of New Warrants. Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Warrant pursuant to the terms of this Warrant, such new Warrant (i) shall be of like tenor with this Warrant, (ii) shall represent, as indicated on the face of such new Warrant, the right to purchase the Warrant Preferred Shares then underlying this Warrant (or in the case of a new Warrant being issued pursuant to Section 6(a) or Section 6(c), the Warrant Preferred Shares designated by the Holder which, when added to the number of Warrant Preferred Shares underlying the other new Warrants issued in connection with such issuance, does not exceed the number of Warrant Preferred Shares then underlying this Warrant), (iii) shall have an issuance date, as indicated on the face of such new Warrant which is the same as the Issuance Date, and (iv) shall have the same rights and conditions as this Warrant.

7

7. NOTICES. Whenever notice is required to be given under this Warrant, unless otherwise provided herein, such notice shall be given in accordance with Section 9(f) of the Securities Purchase Agreement. The Company shall provide the Holder with prompt written notice of all actions taken pursuant to this Warrant (other than the issuance of Warrant Preferred Shares upon exercise in accordance with the terms hereof), including in reasonable detail a description of such action and the reason therefor. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will give written notice to the Holder (i) promptly upon each adjustment of the Exercise Price and the number of Warrant Preferred Shares, setting forth in reasonable detail, and certifying, the calculation of such adjustment(s), (ii) at least fifteen (15) days prior to the date on which the Company closes its books or takes a record for determining rights to vote with respect to any Fundamental Transaction, dissolution or liquidation, provided in each case that such information shall be made known to the public prior to or in conjunction with such notice being provided to the Holder, (iii) at least ten (10) Trading Days prior to the consummation of any Fundamental Transaction and (iv) within one (1) Business Day of the occurrence of a Triggering Event (as defined in the Certificate of Designations), setting forth in reasonable detail any material events with respect to such Triggering Event and any efforts by the Company to cure such Triggering Event. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement), the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the SEC (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. If the Company or any of its Subsidiaries provides material non-public information to the Holder that is not simultaneously filed in a Current Report on Form 8-K and the Holder has not agreed to receive such material non-public information, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that the Holder shall not have any duty of confidentiality to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, affiliates or agents with respect to, or a duty to any of the foregoing not to trade on the basis of, such material non-public information. It is expressly understood and agreed that the time of execution specified by the Holder in each Exercise Notice shall be definitive and may not be disputed or challenged by the Company.

8. DISCLOSURE. Upon delivery by the Company to the Holder (or receipt by the Company from the Holder) of any notice in accordance with the terms of this Warrant, unless the Company has in good faith determined that the matters relating to such notice do not constitute material, non-public information relating to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, the Company shall on or prior to 9:00 am, New York city time on the Business Day immediately following such notice delivery date, publicly disclose such material, non-public information on a Current Report on Form 8-K or otherwise. In the event that the Company believes that a notice contains material, non-public information relating to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, the Company so shall indicate to the Holder explicitly in writing in such notice (or immediately upon receipt of notice from the Holder, as applicable), and in the absence of any such written indication in such notice (or notification from the Company immediately upon receipt of notice from the Holder), the Holder shall be entitled to presume that information contained in the notice does not constitute material, non-public information relating to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Nothing contained in this Section 8 shall limit any obligations of the Company, or any rights of the Holder, under Section 4(i) of the Securities Purchase Agreement.

9. ABSENCE OF TRADING AND DISCLOSURE RESTRICTIONS. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Holder is not a fiduciary or agent of the Company and that the Holder shall have no obligation to (a) maintain the confidentiality of any information provided by the Company or (b) refrain from trading any securities while in possession of such information in the absence of a written non-disclosure agreement signed by an officer of the Holder that explicitly provides for such confidentiality and trading restrictions. In the absence of such an executed, written non-disclosure agreement, the Company acknowledges that the Holder may freely trade in any securities issued by the Company, may possess and use any information provided by the Company in connection with such trading activity, and may disclose any such information to any third party.

8

10. AMENDMENT AND WAIVER. Except as otherwise provided herein, the provisions of this Warrant may be amended and the Company may take any action herein prohibited, or omit to perform any act herein required to be performed by it, only if the Company has obtained the written consent of the Holder. No waiver shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by an authorized representative of the waiving party.

11. SEVERABILITY. If any provision of this Warrant is prohibited by law or otherwise determined to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the provision that would otherwise be prohibited, invalid or unenforceable shall be deemed amended to apply to the broadest extent that it would be valid and enforceable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Warrant so long as this Warrant as so modified continues to express, without material change, the original intentions of the parties as to the subject matter hereof and the prohibited nature, invalidity or unenforceability of the provision(s) in question does not substantially impair the respective expectations or reciprocal obligations of the parties or the practical realization of the benefits that would otherwise be conferred upon the parties. The parties will endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the prohibited, invalid or unenforceable provision(s) with a valid provision(s), the effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the prohibited, invalid or unenforceable provision(s).

12. GOVERNING LAW. This Warrant shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with, and all questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and performance of this Warrant shall be governed by, the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to any provision or rule (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of Delaware. The Company hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof to the Company at the address set forth in Section 9(f) of the Securities Purchase Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. The Company hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in Wilmington, Delaware for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed or operate to preclude the Holder from bringing suit or taking other legal action against the Company in any other jurisdiction to collect on the Companys obligations to the Holder, to realize on any collateral or any other security for such obligations, or to enforce a judgment or other court ruling in favor of the Holder. THE COMPANY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS WARRANT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

9

13. CONSTRUCTION; HEADINGS. This Warrant shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and the Holder and shall not be construed against any Person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Warrant are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this Warrant. Terms used in this Warrant but defined in the other Transaction Documents shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms on the Closing Date (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) in such other Transaction Documents unless otherwise consented to in writing by the Holder.

14. DISPUTE RESOLUTION.

(a) Submission to Dispute Resolution.

(i) In the case of a dispute relating to the Exercise Price or fair market value or the arithmetic calculation of the number of Warrant Preferred Shares (as the case may be) (including, without limitation, a dispute relating to the determination of any of the foregoing), the Company or the Holder (as the case may be) shall submit the dispute to the other party via electronic mail (A) if by the Company, within two (2) Business Days after the occurrence of the circumstances giving rise to such dispute or (B) if by the Holder, at any time after the Holder learned of the circumstances giving rise to such dispute. If the Holder and the Company are unable to promptly resolve such dispute relating to such Exercise Price or such fair market value or such arithmetic calculation of the number of Warrant Preferred Shares (as the case may be), at any time after the second (2nd) Business Day following such initial notice by the Company or the Holder (as the case may be) of such dispute to the Company or the Holder (as the case may be), then the Holder may, at its sole option, select an independent, reputable investment bank to resolve such dispute.

(ii) The Holder and the Company shall each deliver to such investment bank (A) a copy of the initial dispute submission so delivered in accordance with the first sentence of this Section 14 and (B) written documentation supporting its position with respect to such dispute, in each case, no later than 5:00 p.m. (New York time) by the fifth (5th) Business Day immediately following the date on which the Holder selected such investment bank (the DisputeSubmission Deadline) (the documents referred to in the immediately preceding clauses (A) and (B) are collectively referred to herein as the RequiredDispute Documentation) (it being understood and agreed that if either the Holder or the Company fails to so deliver all of the Required Dispute Documentation by the Dispute Submission Deadline, then the party who fails to so submit all of the Required Dispute Documentation shall no longer be entitled to (and hereby waives its right to) deliver or submit any written documentation or other support to such investment bank with respect to such dispute and such investment bank shall resolve such dispute based solely on the Required Dispute Documentation that was delivered to such investment bank prior to the Dispute Submission Deadline). Unless otherwise agreed to in writing by both the Company and the Holder or otherwise requested by such investment bank, neither the Company nor the Holder shall be entitled to deliver or submit any written documentation or other support to such investment bank in connection with such dispute (other than the Required Dispute Documentation).

(iii) The Company and the Holder shall cause such investment bank to determine the resolution of such dispute and notify the Company and the Holder of such resolution no later than ten (10) Business Days immediately following the Dispute Submission Deadline. Such investment banks resolution of such dispute shall be final and binding upon all parties absent manifest error.

10

(iv) Any reasonable costs and/or fees, including all reasonable attorneys fees of all parties and/or the reasonable fees of the investment bank, shall be paid at the resolution of the dispute by the losing party.

(b) Miscellaneous. The Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) this Section 13 constitutes an agreement to arbitrate between the Company and the Holder (and constitutes an arbitration agreement) under the rules then in effect under the Delaware Rapid Arbitration Act, as amended, (ii) the terms of this Warrant and each other applicable Transaction Document shall serve as the basis for the selected investment banks resolution of the applicable dispute, such investment bank shall be entitled (and is hereby expressly authorized) to make all findings, determinations and the like that such investment bank determines are required to be made by such investment bank in connection with its resolution of such dispute, in its sole discretion, the Holder shall have the right to submit any dispute described in this Section 14 to any state or federal court sitting in Wilmington, Delaware in lieu of utilizing the procedures set forth in this Section 14 and (iii) nothing in this Section 14 shall limit the Holder from obtaining any injunctive relief or other equitable remedies (including, without limitation, with respect to any matters described in this Section 14).

15. REMEDIES, CHARACTERIZATION, OTHER OBLIGATIONS, BREACHES AND INJUNCTIVE RELIEF. The remedies provided in this Warrant shall be cumulative and in addition to all other remedies available under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents, at law or in equity (including a decree of specific performance and/or other injunctive relief), and nothing herein shall limit the right of the Holder to pursue actual and consequential damages for any failure by the Company to comply with the terms of this Warrant. The Company covenants to the Holder that there shall be no characterization concerning this instrument other than as expressly provided herein. Amounts set forth or provided for herein with respect to payments, exercises and the like (and the computation thereof) shall be the amounts to be received by the Holder and shall not, except as expressly provided herein, be subject to any other obligation of the Company (or the performance thereof). The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder and that the remedy at law for any such breach may be inadequate. The Company therefore agrees that, in the event of any such breach or threatened breach, the holder of this Warrant shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to specific performance and/or temporary, preliminary and permanent injunctive or other equitable relief from any court of competent jurisdiction in any such case without the necessity of proving actual damages and without posting a bond or other security. The Company shall provide all information and documentation to the Holder that is requested by the Holder to enable the Holder to confirm the Companys compliance with the terms and conditions of this Warrant (including, without limitation, compliance with Section 2 hereof). The issuance of shares and certificates for shares as contemplated hereby upon the exercise of this Warrant shall be made without charge to the Holder or such shares for any issuance tax or other costs in respect thereof, provided that the Company shall not be required to pay any tax which may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issuance and delivery of any certificate in a name other than the Holder or its agent on its behalf.

11

16. PAYMENT OF COLLECTION, ENFORCEMENT AND OTHER COSTS. If (a) this Warrant is placed in the hands of an attorney for collection or enforcement or is collected or enforced through any legal proceeding or the Holder otherwise takes action to collect amounts due under this Warrant or to enforce the provisions of this Warrant or (b) there occurs any bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership of the company or other proceedings affecting company creditors rights and involving a claim under this Warrant, then the Company shall pay the costs incurred by the Holder for such collection, enforcement or action or in connection with such bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership or other proceeding, including, without limitation, attorneys fees and disbursements. 

17. TRANSFER. This Warrant may be offered for sale, sold, transferred or assigned without the consent of the Company, except as may otherwise be required by Section 2(g) of the Securities Purchase Agreement.

18. CERTAIN DEFINITIONS. For purposes of this Warrant, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

(a) 1933 Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder.

(b) 1934 Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder.

(c) Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such Person, it being understood for purposes of this definition that control of a Person means the power directly or indirectly either to vote 10% or more of the stock having ordinary voting power for the election of directors of such Person or direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person whether by contract or otherwise.

(d) Bloomberg means Bloomberg, L.P.

(e) Business Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York generally are open for use by customers on such day.

(f) Certificate of Designations means that certain Certificate of Designation for the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company, dated as of January 16, 2025, as amended from time to time.

(g) Common Stock means (i) the Companys shares of Class B common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, and (ii) any capital stock into which such common stock shall have been changed or any share capital resulting from a reclassification of such common stock.

12

(h) Common Warrants has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Securities Purchase Agreement, and shall include all warrants issued in exchange therefor or replacement thereof.

(i) Convertible Securities means any stock or other security (other than Options) that is at any time and under any circumstances, directly or indirectly, convertible into, exercisable or exchangeable for, or which otherwise entitles the holder thereof to acquire, any shares of Common Stock.

(j) Eligible Market means The New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, or the Principal Market.

(k) Intentionally Omitted.

(l) Intentionally Omitted.

(m) Expiration Date means the date that is the twelve month anniversary of the Business Combination Closing Date (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) (or such later date as extended by written consent of the Company and the Holder) or, if such date falls on a day other than a Trading Day or on which trading does not take place on the Principal Market (a Holiday), the next date that is not a Holiday.

(n) Fundamental Transaction means (A) that the Company shall, directly or indirectly, including through subsidiaries, Affiliates or otherwise, in one or more related transactions, (i) consolidate or merge with or into (whether or not the Company is the surviving corporation) another Subject Entity, or (ii) sell, assign, transfer, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of the properties or assets of the Company or any of its significant subsidiaries (as defined in Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X) to one or more Subject Entities, or (iii) make, or allow one or more Subject Entities to make, or allow the Company to be subject to or have its Common Stock be subject to or party to one or more Subject Entities making, a purchase, tender or exchange offer that is accepted by the holders of at least either (x) 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, (y) 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock calculated as if any shares of Common Stock held by all Subject Entities making or party to, or Affiliated with any Subject Entities making or party to, such purchase, tender or exchange offer were not outstanding; or (z) such number of shares of Common Stock such that all Subject Entities making or party to, or Affiliated with any Subject Entity making or party to, such purchase, tender or exchange offer, become collectively the beneficial owners (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the 1934 Act) of at least 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, or (iv) consummate a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with one or more Subject Entities whereby all such Subject Entities, individually or in the aggregate, acquire, either (x) at least 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, (y) at least 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock calculated as if any shares of Common Stock held by all the Subject Entities making or party to, or Affiliated with any Subject Entity making or party to, such stock purchase agreement or other business combination were not outstanding; or (z) such number of shares of Common Stock such that the Subject Entities become collectively the beneficial owners (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the 1934 Act) of at least 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, or (v) reorganize, recapitalize or reclassify its Common Stock, (B) that the Company shall, directly or indirectly, including through subsidiaries, Affiliates or otherwise, in one or more related transactions, allow any Subject Entity individually or the Subject Entities in the aggregate to be or become the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the 1934 Act), directly or indirectly, whether through acquisition, purchase, assignment, conveyance, tender, tender offer, exchange, reduction in outstanding shares of Common Stock, merger, consolidation, business combination, reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, scheme of arrangement, reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification or otherwise in any manner whatsoever, of either (x) at least 50% of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by issued and outstanding Common Stock, (y) at least 50% of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by issued and outstanding Common Stock not held by all such Subject Entities as of the date of this Warrant calculated as if any shares of Common Stock held by all such Subject Entities were not outstanding, or (z) a percentage of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock or other equity securities of the Company sufficient to allow such Subject Entities to effect a statutory short form merger or other transaction requiring other stockholders of the Company to surrender their shares of Common Stock without approval of the stockholders of the Company or (C) directly or indirectly, including through subsidiaries, Affiliates or otherwise, in one or more related transactions, the issuance of or the entering into any other instrument or transaction structured in a manner to circumvent, or that circumvents, the intent of this definition in which case this definition shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this definition to the extent necessary to correct this definition or any portion of this definition which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended treatment of such instrument or transaction.

13

(o) Group means a group as that term is used in Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act and as defined in Rule 13d-5 thereunder.

(p) Holder Pro Rata Amount means a fraction (i) the numerator of which is the aggregate number of shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock issued to the Holder on the Closing Date and (ii) the denominator of which is the aggregate number of shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock issued to the initial purchasers pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement on the Closing Date.

(q) Options means any rights, warrants or options to subscribe for or purchase Common Shares or Convertible Securities (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement).

(r) Parent Entity of a Person means an entity that, directly or indirectly, controls the applicable Person and whose common stock or equivalent equity security is quoted or listed on an Eligible Market, or, if there is more than one such Person or Parent Entity, the Person or Parent Entity with the largest public market capitalization as of the date of consummation of the Fundamental Transaction.

(s) Person means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization, any other entity or a government or any department or agency thereof.

(t) Principal Market means the Nasdaq Capital Market.

14

(u) SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or the successor thereto.

(v) Series B Convertible Preferred Stock means (i) the Companys Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, $0.0001 par value per share, issued and issuable pursuant to the Series B Certificate of Designations and (ii) any capital stock into which such Series B Convertible Preferred Stock shall have been changed or any share capital resulting from a reclassification of such Series B Convertible Preferred Stock.

(w) Subject Entity means any Person, Persons or Group or any Affiliate or associate of any such Person, Persons or Group.

(x) Successor Entity means the Person (or, if so elected by the Holder, the Parent Entity) formed by, resulting from or surviving any Fundamental Transaction or the Person (or, if so elected by the Holder, the Parent Entity) with which such Fundamental Transaction shall have been entered into.

(y) Trading Day means, as applicable, (x) with respect to all price or trading volume determinations relating to the Common Stock, any day on which the Common Stock is traded on the Principal Market, or, if the Principal Market is not the principal trading market for the Common Stock, then on the principal securities exchange or securities market on which the Common Stock is then traded, provided that Trading Day shall not include any day on which the Common Stock is scheduled to trade on such exchange or market for less than 4.5 hours or any day that the Common Stock is suspended from trading during the final hour of trading on such exchange or market (or if such exchange or market does not designate in advance the closing time of trading on such exchange or market, then during the hour ending at 4:00:00 p.m., New York time) unless such day is otherwise designated as a Trading Day in writing by the Holder or (y) with respect to all determinations other than price or trading volume determinations relating to the Common Stock, any day on which The New York Stock Exchange (or any successor thereto) is open for trading of securities. 

(z) VWAP means, for any security as of any date, the dollar volume-weighted average price for such security on the Principal Market (or, if the Principal Market is not the principal trading market for such security, then on the principal securities exchange or securities market on which such security is then traded), during the period beginning at 9:30 a.m., New York time, and ending at 4:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Bloomberg through its VAP function (set to 09:30 start time and 16:00 end time) or, if the foregoing does not apply, the dollar volume-weighted average price of such security in the over-the-counter market on the electronic bulletin board for such security during the period beginning at 9:30 a.m., New York time, and ending at 4:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Bloomberg, or, if no dollar volume-weighted average price is reported for such security by Bloomberg for such hours, the average of the highest closing bid price and the lowest closing ask price of any of the market makers for such security as reported in The Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices). If the VWAP cannot be calculated for such security on such date on any of the foregoing bases, the VWAP of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the Holder. If the Company and the Holder are unable to agree upon the fair market value of such security, then such dispute shall be resolved in accordance with the procedures in Section 14. All such determinations shall be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, recapitalization or other similar transaction during such period.

[signature page follows]

15

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to Purchase Series B Convertible Preferred Stock to be duly executed as of the Issuance Date set out above.

CLASSOVER HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

16

EXHIBIT A

EXERCISE NOTICE

TO BE EXECUTED BY THE REGISTERED HOLDER TO EXERCISE THIS

WARRANT TO PURCHASE SERIES B CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK

CLASSOVER HOLDINGS, INC.

The undersigned holder hereby elects to exercise the Warrant to Purchase Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, No. [ ] (the Warrant) of Classover Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company) as specified below. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Warrant.

1. Payment of Exercise Price. The Holder shall pay the Aggregate Exercise Price in the sum of $___________________ to the Company in accordance with the terms of the Warrant.

2. Delivery of Warrant Preferred Shares. The Company shall deliver to Holder, or its designee or agent as specified below, __________ shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock in accordance with the terms of the Warrant. Delivery shall be made to Holder, or for its benefit, as a certificate to the following name and to the following address:

Issue to: 

Date: _____________ __, 

Name of Registered Holder

By: 

Name: 

Title:

Tax ID:____________________________

E-mail Address:_____________________

17
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>class_ex102.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
class_ex102.htm

EXHIBIT 10.2

Employment Agreement

This Employment Agreement (this Agreement) is made and effective as of April 4, 2025 (the Effective Date), by and between Hui Luo (Stephanie) (the Executive) and Classover Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company).

WHEREAS, the Executive is currently employed by Class Over Inc., a Delaware corporation (Classover); and

WHEREAS, Classover has consummated that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated May 12, 2024 (the Business Combination Agreement), by and among Classover, the Company, Battery Future Acquisition Corp., BFAC Merger Sub 1 Corp. and BFAC Merger Sub 2 Corp.; and

WHEREAS, effective upon the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement (the Transactions), the Company desires to employ the Executive on the terms and conditions set forth herein and the Executive desires to be employed by the Company on such terms and conditions.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants, promises, and obligations set forth herein, the parties agree as follows:

1. Term. The Executives employment hereunder shall be effective as of the Effective Date, and shall continue until the Termination Date (as defined below), as set forth in Section 5 hereto. The period during which the Executive is employed by the Company hereunder is hereinafter referred to as the Employment Term.

2. Position and Duties.

2.1 Position. During the Employment Term, the Executive shall serve as the Chief Executive Officer and the interim Chief Financial Officer of the Company and Classover, reporting to the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board). In such position, the Executive shall have such duties, authority, and responsibilities as shall be determined from time to time by the Board, which duties, authority, and responsibilities are consistent with the Executives position.

2.2 Duties. During the Employment Term, the Executive shall devote substantially all of the Executives business time and attention to the performance of the Executives duties hereunder and will not engage in any other business, profession, or occupation, for compensation or otherwise, which would conflict or interfere with the performance of such services either directly or indirectly without the prior written consent of the Board.

3. Place of Performance. The principal place of Executives employment shall be at the Companys principal executive office currently located in New York City, NY, provided that the Executive may be required from time to time to travel on Company business during the Employment Term.

4. Compensation.

4.1 Base Salary. During the Employment Term, the Company shall pay the Executive a base salary of $240,000 per annum (the Base Salary), in periodic installments in accordance with the Companys customary payroll practices and applicable wage payment laws, but no less frequently than monthly. The Base Salary shall be reviewed at least annually by the Board and the Board may, but shall not be required to, increase the base salary during the Employment Term.

1

4.2 Annual Bonus. During the Employment Term, the Executive shall be eligible for the following bonus and benefits, subject in each case to the Boards approval of such award and the Boards amendment or cancellation of the applicable scheme or program (including solely with respect to the Executive):

(a) Eligibility for Annual Bonus. For each calendar year of the Employment Term, the Executive shall be eligible to receive an annual bonus comprised of either cash or Company stock or a combination of cash and Company stock, as may be determined by the Board in its sole discretion (the "Annual Bonus") based on the achievement of performance targets established by the Board or the appropriate committee thereof. The amount and terms of such Annual Bonus will be established by the Board, or the appropriate committee thereof, in the amount and on the terms that it shall determine in its sole and absolute discretion. To be eligible to receive an Annual Bonus for any calendar year, the Executive must be employed by the Company on the payroll date that the Annual Bonus is paid, except in the case of the Executives death or Permanent Disability prior to such payroll date, whereby the Executive must only be employed by the Company as of the last day of the calendar year for which the Annual Bonus is applicable.

(b) Except as provided herein, all stock bonuses to be awarded by the Company will be subject to the terms of the agreement under which it is issued.

4.3 Equity Awards In consideration of the Executive entering into this Agreement, on the date on which the Company adopts its Equity Incentive Plan (the Incentive Plan), the Executive shall be eligible to participate in the Companys Incentive Plan or any successor plan, subject to the terms of such Incentive Plan, as determined by the Board or the appropriate committee thereof, in its discretion.

4.4 Fringe Benefits and Perquisites. During the Employment Term, the Executive shall be entitled to fringe benefits and perquisites consistent with the practices of the Company, and to the extent the Company provides similar benefits or perquisites (or both), to similarly situated executives of the Company.

4.5 Employee Benefits. During the Employment Term, the Executive shall be entitled to participate in all employee benefit plans, practices, and programs maintained by the Company, as in effect from time to time (collectively, Employee Benefit Plans), on a basis provided to other similarly situated executives of the Company, to the extent consistent with applicable law, and the terms of the applicable Employee Benefit Plans. The Company reserves the right to amend or cancel any Employee Benefit Plans at any time in its sole discretion, subject to the terms of such Employee Benefit Plan, and applicable law.

4.6 Vacation; Paid Time-Off. During the Employment Term, the Executive shall be entitled to 3 weeks of paid vacation days per calendar year (prorated for partial years) in accordance with the Company's vacation policies, as in effect from time to time. The Executive shall receive other paid time-off in accordance with the Companys policies for executive officers as such policies may exist from time to time.

4.7 Business Expenses. The Executive shall be entitled to reimbursement for all reasonable and necessary out-of-pocket business, entertainment, and travel expenses incurred by the Executive in connection with the performance of the Executives duties hereunder in accordance with the Companys expense reimbursement policies and procedures.

4.8 Indemnification. The Executive is entering into an indemnification agreement with the Company simultaneously with the execution of this Agreement.

2

5. Termination of Employment. Executives employment with the Company is at-will. The Employment Term and the Executives employment hereunder may be terminated by either the Company or the Executive at any time and for any reason. Upon termination of the Executives employment during the Employment Term, the Executive shall be entitled to the compensation and benefits described in this Section 5 and shall have no further rights to any compensation or any other benefits from the Company or any of its affiliates:

(a) Base Salary. Any accrued but unpaid Base Salary which shall be paid in accordance with the Companys customary payroll procedures, and an additional amount equal to 50% of the then current Base Salary which shall be due and payable within 45 days of the termination date;

(b) Annual Bonus. Any awarded and announced but unpaid Annual Bonus with respect to any completed calendar year immediately preceding the Termination Date, which shall be paid on the otherwise applicable payment date; provided that, if the Executives employment is terminated by the Company for Cause or by the Executive, then any such earned and announced but unpaid Annual Bonus shall be forfeited;

(c) Incentive Award. The treatment of any outstanding equity awards shall be determined in accordance with the terms of the Incentive Plan and the applicable award agreement;

(d) Reimbursement. Reimbursement for unreimbursed business expenses properly incurred by the Executive, which shall be subject to and paid in accordance with the Companys expense reimbursement policy; and

(e) Employee Benefits. Such employee benefits, if any, to which the Executive may be entitled under the Companys Employee Benefit Plans as of the Termination Date; provided, that, in no event shall the Executive be entitled to any payments in the nature of severance or termination payments except as specifically provided herein or otherwise expressly agreed to by the Company in writing, provided, further, for the avoidance of doubt, the Executive shall not be entitled to any such employee benefits after the Termination Date except to the extent required by law or expressly set forth in the Companys written policies, as may be in effect from time to time.

5.1 Definitions of Cause

(a) Definition of Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall mean any one of the following: (i) Executives material violation of any applicable material law or regulation respecting the business of the Company; (ii) Executives conviction of or indictment for, or plea of nolo contendere to, a felony or other crime involving moral turpitude; (iii) any act of dishonesty, fraud, or misrepresentation in relation to Executives duties to the Company which act is injurious to the Company; (iv) Executives willful and repeated failure to perform in any material respect Executives duties to or for the Company (other than on account of disability); (v) Executives failure to attempt in good faith to implement a clear and reasonable directive from the person(s) to whom Executive reports or to comply with any of the Companys policies and procedures; (vi) any act of gross misconduct which is materially and demonstrably injurious to the Company; (vii) Executives breach of fiduciary duty owed to the Company; or (viii) Executives repeated abuse of illegal substances which interferes with performance of services by Executive for the Company. For purposes hereof, the Company shall be deemed to include any of its affiliates.

5.2 Death or Disability.

(a) The Executives employment hereunder shall terminate automatically upon the Executives death during the Employment Term, and the Company may terminate the Executives employment on account of the Executives Disability.

(b) If the Executives employment is terminated during the Employment Term on account of the Executives death or Disability, the Executive (or the Executives estate and/or beneficiaries, as the case may be) shall be entitled to receive any accrued but unpaid Base Salary and any awarded and announced but unpaid Annual Bonus with respect to any completed calendar year immediately preceding the date of termination (the Accrued Amounts), subject in each case to the Executives (or the Executives estates) compliance with the Confidentiality Agreement and, if so requested by the Company, the execution of a release. Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, all payments made in connection with the Executives Disability shall be provided in a manner consistent with federal and state law.

(c) For purposes of this Agreement, Disability shall mean the Executives inability, due to physical or mental incapacity, to perform the essential functions of the job, with or without reasonable accommodation, for one hundred eighty (180) days out of any three hundred sixty-five (365) day period or one hundred twenty (120) consecutive days. Any question as to the existence of the Executives Disability as to which the Executive and the Company cannot agree shall be determined in writing by a qualified independent physician mutually acceptable to the Executive and the Company. The determination of Disability made in writing to the Company and the Executive shall be final and conclusive for all purposes of this Agreement.

3

5.3 Change in Control Termination. Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, if the Executives employment hereunder is terminated within twelve (12) months following a Change in Control, the Executive shall be entitled to receive the Accrued Amounts, subject in each case to the Executives compliance with the Confidentiality Agreement and, if so requested by the Company, the Executives execution of a release. For purposes of this Agreement, Change in Control shall mean: (i) a transaction or series of related transactions in which any person or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the outstanding voting securities of the Company having the right to vote for the election of members of the Companys Board, (ii) any reorganization, merger or consolidation of the Company, other than a transaction or series of related transactions in which the holders of the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior to such transaction or series of related transactions retain, immediately after such transaction or series of related transactions, at least a majority of the total voting power represented by the outstanding voting securities of the Company or such other surviving or resulting entity or (iii) a sale, lease or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company.

5.4 Termination.

(a) Upon termination of the Executives employment hereunder for any reason, the Executive shall be deemed to have resigned from all positions that the Executive holds as an officer or director of the Company or any of its affiliates.

(b) The Executives Termination Date shall be:

(i) If the Executives employment hereunder terminates on account of the Executives death, the date of the Executives death;

(ii) If the Executives employment hereunder is terminated on account of the Executives Disability, the date that it is determined that the Executive has a Disability;

(iii) If the Company terminates the Executives employment hereunder for Cause, the date the notice of termination is delivered to Executive; 

(iv) If the Company terminates the Executives employment hereunder without Cause, fifteen (15) days after the date the notice of termination is delivered to the Executive; and

(v) If the Executive terminates the Executives employment hereunder for any reason, thirty (30) days after the Company receives Executives notice of termination.

6. Confidential Information, Restrictive Covenants, and Proprietary Rights. The Executive understands that the nature of the Executives position gives the Executive access to, and knowledge of Confidential Information (as defined in the Confidentiality Agreement), and places the Executive in a position of trust and confidence with the Company. The Executive understands and acknowledges that the intellectual services the Executive provides to the Company are unique, special, or extraordinary. The Executive further understands and acknowledges that the Companys ability to reserve these for the exclusive knowledge and use of the Company is of great competitive importance and commercial value to the Company, and that improper use or disclosure by the Executive is likely to result in unfair or unlawful competitive activity. In consideration of the foregoing, the Executive agrees to be subject to the Confidentiality, Non-Competition and Proprietary Rights Agreement, in substantially the form attached hereto as Annex A (the Confidentiality Agreement).

4

7. Acknowledgements. 

7.1 The Executive acknowledges and agrees that (i) Executives execution of this Agreement is a material inducement to the parties to consummate the Transactions, for which the Executive will receive a substantial direct or indirect financial benefit which the Executive agrees constitutes adequate consideration for entering into this Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreement, and that the parties to the Business Combination Agreement would not have entered into such agreement or consummated the Transactions but for the Executives agreements set forth in this Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreement; (iii) it would impair the goodwill of the Company and Classover and reduce the value of the assets of the Company and Classover and cause serious and irreparable injury if the Executive were to use her ability and knowledge by engaging in a Competitive Business (as defined in the Confidentiality Agreement) in competition with the Company or Classover, and/or to otherwise breach the obligations contained herein and therein and that the Company and Classover would not have an adequate remedy at law because of the unique nature of Executives services, (iv) the Executive has no intention of engaging in a Competitive Business (other than through the Company or Classover) during the Restricted Period (as defined in the Confidentiality Agreement), (v) the relevant public policy aspects of restrictive covenants, covenants not to compete and non-solicitation provisions have been discussed, and every effort has been made to limit the restrictions placed upon the Executive to those that are reasonable and necessary to protect the Companys and Classovers legitimate interests, (vi) the foregoing restrictions on competition are fair and reasonable in type of prohibited activity, geographic area covered, scope and duration and do not impose an undue hardship on the Executive, (vii) the consideration provided to the Executive under this Agreement is not illusory, and (viii) such provisions do not impose a greater restraint than is necessary to protect the goodwill or other business interests of the Company and Classover.

7.2 The Executive acknowledges and agrees that the services to be rendered by the Executive to the Company are of a special and unique character; that the Executive will obtain knowledge and skill relevant to the Companys industry, methods of doing business and marketing strategies by virtue of the Executives employment; and that the restrictive covenants and other terms and conditions of this Agreement are reasonable and reasonably necessary to protect the legitimate business interest of the Company. The Executive further acknowledges that the amount of the Executives compensation and the consideration to be paid pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement reflect, in part, the Executives obligations and the Companys rights under the Confidentiality Agreement; that the Executive has no expectation of any additional compensation, royalties or other payment of any kind not otherwise referenced herein in connection herewith; and that the Executive will not be subject to undue hardship by reason of the Executives full compliance with the terms and conditions of the Confidentiality Agreement or the Companys enforcement thereof. 

8. Remedies. In the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Executive of this Agreement, the Executive hereby consents and agrees that the Company shall be entitled to seek, in addition to other available remedies, a temporary or permanent injunction or other equitable relief against such breach or threatened breach from any court of competent jurisdiction, without the necessity of showing any actual damages or that money damages would not afford an adequate remedy, and without the necessity of posting any bond or other security. The aforementioned equitable relief shall be in addition to, not in lieu of, legal remedies, monetary damages, or other available forms of relief.

9. Arbitration. Subject to Section 8, any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or related to this Agreement or any breach of this Agreement shall be submitted to and decided by binding arbitration to be conducted in New York, New York. Arbitration shall be administered exclusively by the American Arbitration Association and shall be conducted consistent with the rules, regulations, and requirements thereof as well as any requirements imposed by state law. Any arbitral award determination shall be final and binding upon the parties. 

10. Security.

10.1 Security and Access. The Executive agrees and covenants (a) to comply with all Company security policies and procedures as in force from time to time including without limitation those regarding computer equipment, telephone systems, facilities access, key cards, access codes, Company intranet, internet, social media and instant messaging systems, computer systems, e-mail systems, networks, document storage systems, data security, firewalls, passwords and any and all other Company IT resources and communication technologies (Facilities and Information Technology Resources); (b) not to access or use any Facilities and Information Technology Resources except as authorized by the Company; and (c) not to access or use any Facilities and Information Technology Resources in any manner after the termination of the Executives employment by the Company, whether termination is voluntary or involuntary. The Executive agrees to notify the Company promptly in the event the Executive learns of any violation of the foregoing by others, or of any other misappropriation or unauthorized access, use, reproduction, or reverse engineering of, or tampering with any Facilities and Information Technology Resources or other Company property or materials by others.

5

10.2 Exit Obligations. Upon (a) termination of the Executives employment for any reason or (b) the Companys request at any time during the Executives employment, the Executive shall (i) provide or return to the Company any and all Company or its affiliates property, including keys, access cards, security devices, employer credit cards, network access devices, computers, phones, PDAs, equipment, manuals, files, books, work product, e-mail messages, recordings, removable information storage devices, hard drives, and data and all Company or affiliates documents and materials belonging to the Company or its affiliates and stored in any fashion, including but not limited to those that constitute or contain any Confidential Information or Work Product (as defined in the Confidentiality Agreement), that are in the possession or control of the Executive, whether they were provided to the Executive by the Company or any of its business associates or created by the Executive in connection with the Executives employment by the Company; and (ii) delete or destroy all copies of any such documents and materials not returned to the Company that remain in the Executives possession or control, including those stored on any non-Company devices, networks, storage locations, and media in the Executives possession or control.

11. Governing Law: Jurisdiction and Venue. This Agreement, for all purposes, shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to conflicts of law principles to the extent the application of such principals would result in the application of the laws of a jurisdiction other than the State of New York.

12. Entire Agreement. Unless specifically provided herein, this Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreement contain all of the understandings and representations between the Executive and the Company pertaining to the subject matter hereof and supersede all other prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations and warranties, both written and oral, with respect to such subject matter. The parties mutually agree that the Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreement can be specifically enforced in any permitted court proceeding and can be cited as evidence in legal or other proceedings alleging breach of the Agreement.

13. Modification and Waiver. No provision of this Agreement may be amended or modified unless such amendment or modification is agreed to in writing and signed by the Chairman of the Board of the Company and the Executive. No waiver by either of the parties of any breach by the other party hereto of any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by the other party hereto shall be deemed a waiver of any similar or dissimilar provision or condition at the same or any prior or subsequent time, nor shall the failure of or delay by either of the parties in exercising any right, power, or privilege hereunder operate as a waiver thereof to preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other such right, power, or privilege.

14. Severability. Should any provision of this Agreement or the Confidentiality Agreement be held by any arbitrator(s) or court of competent jurisdiction to be enforceable only if modified, or if any portion of this Agreement or the Confidentiality Agreement shall be held as unenforceable and thus stricken, such holding shall not affect the validity of the remainder of this Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreement, the balance of which shall continue to be binding upon the parties with any such modification to become a part hereof and treated as though originally set forth in this Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreement.

The parties further agree that any such arbitrator(s) or court is expressly authorized to modify any such unenforceable provision of this Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreement in lieu of severing such unenforceable provision from this Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreement in its entirety, whether by rewriting the offending provision, deleting any or all of the offending provision, adding additional language to this Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreement, or by making such other modifications as it deems warranted to carry out the intent and agreement of the parties as embodied herein to the maximum extent permitted by law.

The parties expressly agree that this Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreement as so modified by the arbitrator(s) or court shall be binding upon and enforceable against each of them. In any event, should one or more of the provisions of this Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreement be held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability shall not affect any other provisions hereof, and if such provision or provisions are not modified as provided above, this Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreement shall be construed as if such invalid, illegal, or unenforceable provisions had not been set forth herein.

6

15. Captions. Captions and headings of the sections and paragraphs of this Agreement are intended solely for convenience and no provision of this Agreement is to be construed by reference to the caption or heading of any section or paragraph.

16. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

17. Successors and Assigns. This Agreement is personal to the Executive and shall not be assigned by the Executive. Any purported assignment by the Executive shall be null and void from the initial date of the purported assignment. The Company may assign this Agreement to any successor or assign (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the Company and permitted successors and assigns.

18. Notice. Notices and all other communications provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be delivered personally or sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, or by overnight carrier to the parties at the addresses set forth on the signature page (or such other addresses as specified by the parties by like notice).

19. Representations of the Executive. The Executive represents and warrants to the Company that:

(a) The Executives acceptance of employment with the Company and the performance of the Executives duties hereunder will not conflict with or result in a violation of, a breach of, or a default under any contract, agreement, or understanding to which the Executive is a party or is otherwise bound.

(b) The Executives acceptance of employment with the Company and the performance of the Executives duties hereunder will not violate any non-solicitation, non- competition, or other similar covenant or agreement of a prior employer.

20. Withholding. The Company shall have the right to withhold from any amount payable hereunder any Federal, state, and local taxes in order for the Company to satisfy any withholding tax obligation it may have under any applicable law or regulation.

21. Survival. Upon the expiration or other termination of this Agreement, the respective rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall survive such expiration or other termination to the extent necessary to carry out the intentions of the parties under this Agreement.

22. Acknowledgement of Full Understanding. THE EXECUTIVE ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE EXECUTIVE HAS FULLY READ, UNDERSTANDS AND VOLUNTARILY ENTERS INTO THIS AGREEMENT. THE EXECUTIVE ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE EXECUTIVE HAS HAD AN OPPORTUNITY TO ASK QUESTIONS AND CONSULT WITH AN ATTORNEY OF THE EXECUTIVES CHOICE BEFORE SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

7

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement effective as of the date first above written.

CLASSOVER HOLDINGS, INC.

By: 

/s Yanling Peng 

Name: 

Yanling Peng 

Title: 

CFO 

HUI LUO (STEPHANIE)

Signature: /s/ Hui Luo

Signature Page to Employment Agreement

8

ANNEXA

CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT

9
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>class_ex103.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
class_ex103.htm

EXHIBIT 10.3

INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT

This INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of the date set forth on the signature page hereto, is made by and between Classover Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and the person set forth under the caption Indemnitee on the signature page hereto (Indemnitee).

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company (Board) has determined that the ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors is in the best interests of the Companys shareholders; and

WHEREAS, it is reasonable, prudent and necessary for the Company to obligate itself contractually to indemnify such persons to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law so that such persons will serve or continue to serve the Company free from undue concern that they will not be adequately indemnified; and

WHEREAS, this Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of Article VII of the Bylaws of the Company and Article Seventh of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, in each case, as amended, and any resolutions adopted pursuant thereto, and shall neither be deemed to be a substitute therefor nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder; and

WHEREAS, Indemnitee is willing to serve on behalf of the Company on the condition that Indemnitee be indemnified according to the terms of this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants, terms and conditions set forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

1. Construction.

1.1. For the purposes of this Agreement:

(a) Change in Control means a change in control of the Company occurring after the date hereof of a nature that would be required to be reported in response to Item 6(e) of Schedule 14A of Regulation 14A (or in response to any similar item on any similar schedule or form) promulgated under the Exchange Act, whether or not the Company is then subject to such reporting requirement; provided, however, that, without limitation, a Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred if after the date hereof (i) any person (as such term is used in 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act), other than a person who is an officer or director of the Company on the date hereof (or any of such persons affiliates), is or becomes beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing 50% or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities of the Company without the prior approval of at least two-thirds of the members of the Board in office immediately prior to such person attaining such percentage interest; (ii) the Company is a party to a merger, consolidation, sale of assets or other reorganization, or a proxy contest, as a consequence of which (A) members of the Board in office immediately prior to such transaction or event constitute less than a majority of the Board thereafter or (B) the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior to such transaction do not continue to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity) more than 50% of the combined voting power of the voting securities of the surviving entity outstanding immediately after such transaction with the power to elect at least a majority of the board of directors or other governing body of such surviving entity; or (iii) during any period of two consecutive years, individuals who at the beginning of such period constituted the Board (including for this purpose any new director whose election or nomination for election by the Companys shareholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then still in office who were directors at the beginning of such period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved) cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board.

(b) Corporate Status means the status of a person who is or was a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary of the Company or of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise which such person is or was serving at the request of the Company. In addition to service at the actual request of the Company, for purposes of this Agreement, Indemnitee shall be deemed to be serving or to have served at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary of any other enterprise if Indemnitee is or was serving as a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary of such enterprise and (A) such enterprise is or at the time of such service was an affiliate of the Company, (B) such enterprise is or at the time of such service was an employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or an affiliate of the Company or (C) the Company or an affiliate of the Company directly or indirectly caused Indemnitee to be nominated, elected, appointed, designated, employed, engaged or selected to serve in such capacity.

(c) Disinterested Director means a director of the Company who is not and was not a party to the Proceeding in respect of which indemnification is sought by Indemnitee.

(d) Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

(e) Expenses means all reasonable attorneys fees, retainers, court costs (including trial and appeals), transcript costs, fees of experts, witness fees, travel expenses, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees, federal, state, local, or foreign taxes imposed as a result of the actual or deemed receipt of any payments under this Agreement, and all other disbursements or expenses of the types customarily incurred in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, appealing, preparing to appeal (including without limitation the premium, security for, and other costs relating to any costs bond, supersedes bond, or other appeal bond or its equivalent), investigating, or being or preparing to be a witness in a Proceeding.

2

(f) Independent Counsel means a law firm, or a member of a law firm, that is experienced in matters of corporation law and neither presently is, nor in the past five years has been, retained to represent: (i) the Company or Indemnitee in any other matter material to either such party, or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term Independent Counsel does not include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitees rights under this Agreement. Except as provided in the first sentence of Section 9.3 hereof, Independent Counsel shall be selected by (a) the Disinterested Directors or (b) a committee of the Board consisting of two or more Disinterested Directors or if (a) and (b) above are not possible, then by a majority of the full Board.

(g) Proceeding means any action, suit, arbitration, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, administrative hearing or any other proceeding, whether conducted by or on behalf of the Company or any other party, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, and whether formal or informal, except one initiated by an Indemnitee pursuant to Section 11 hereof to enforce Indemnitees rights under this Agreement.

2. Services by Indemnitee. Indemnitee is serving as a director, officer or employee of the Company. Indemnitee may at any time and for any reason resign from such position (subject to any other contractual obligation or any obligation imposed by operation of law).

3. Indemnification Generally. The Company shall indemnify and advance Expenses to Indemnitee in accordance with this Agreement to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law in effect on the date hereof and to such greater extent as any amendment to or interpretation of applicable law may thereafter from time to time permit. The rights of Indemnitee provided under the preceding sentence shall include, but shall not be limited to, the rights set forth in the other Sections hereof.

4. Proceedings Other Than Proceedings by or in Right of the Company. Indemnitee shall be entitled to the rights of indemnification provided in this Agreement if, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, Indemnitee is or was, or is or was threatened to be made, a party to any threatened, pending or completed Proceeding, other than a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor. Pursuant to this Agreement, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in settlement and all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf, in each case in connection with any such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted, in good faith, for a purpose which Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in, or, in the case of service for any other corporation or any partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise, not opposed to, the best interests of the Company and, in criminal Proceedings, in addition, had no reasonable cause to believe that Indemnitees conduct was unlawful.

3

5. Proceedings by or in Right of the Company. Indemnitee shall be entitled to the rights of indemnification provided in this Agreement if, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, Indemnitee is or was, or is or was threatened to be made, a party to any threatened, pending or completed Proceeding brought by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor. Pursuant to this Agreement, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against amounts paid in settlement and all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf, in each case in connection with the defense or settlement of any such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted, in good faith, for a purpose which Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in, or, in the case of service for any other corporation or any partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise, not opposed to, the best interests of the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no indemnification under this paragraph shall be made in respect of (1) a threatened Proceeding or a pending Proceeding which is settled or otherwise disposed of or (2) any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the Company by a court of competent jurisdiction and subject to no further appeal, unless and only to the extent that the court in which such Proceeding shall have been brought, or, if no Proceeding was brought, any court of competent jurisdiction, shall determine, upon application, in view of all the circumstances of the case, Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such portion of the settlement amount and expenses as the court deems proper.

6. Indemnification for Expenses of Party Who is Wholly or Partly Successful. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, a party to and is successful, on the merits, procedurally or otherwise, in any Proceeding, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against judgments, penalties, fines, amounts paid in settlement and Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf (to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law), in each case in connection therewith. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding but is successful, on the merits, procedurally or otherwise, as to one or more but less than all claims, issues or matters therein, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee against judgments, penalties, fines, amounts paid in settlement and Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf (to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law) in connection with each successfully resolved claim, issue or matter therein. For purposes of this Agreement, the term successful, on the merits or otherwise, includes, but is not limited to, (i) any termination, withdrawal, or dismissal (with or without prejudice) of any Proceeding against the Indemnitee without any express finding of liability or guilt against Indemnitee, including a settlement (with or without court approval), a motion for summary judgment, or a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, and (ii) the expiration of 90 days after the making of any claim or threat of a Proceeding without the institution of the same and without any promise or payment made to induce a settlement.

7. Indemnification for Expenses as a Witness. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, a witness in any Proceeding, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf in connection therewith.

4

8. Advancement of Amounts. The Company shall advance all judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in settlement (when eligible hereunder) and all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf, in each case in connection with any Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, within thirty (30) days after the receipt by the Company of a statement or statements from Indemnitee requesting such advance or advances from time to time, whether prior to or after final disposition of such Proceeding. Such statement or statements shall reasonably evidence any judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in settlement (when eligible hereunder) and any Expenses for which advancement is requested. In connection with any request for advancement of judgments, penalties, fines or amounts paid in settlement (when eligible hereunder) or of Expenses, Indemnitee shall not be required to provide any documentation or information to the extent that the provision thereof would undermine or otherwise jeopardize attorney-client privilege. The Indemnitee shall qualify for advances upon the execution and delivery to the Company of this Agreement, which shall constitute an undertaking providing that the Indemnitee undertakes to repay the advance (without interest) if and to the extent that it is ultimately determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final judgment, not subject to further appeal, that Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company. No other form of undertaking shall be required other than the execution of this Agreement. The Companys obligation in respect of the advancement of judgments, penalties, fines or amounts paid in settlement (when eligible hereunder) or of Expenses, in connection with a criminal Proceeding in which Indemnitee is a defendant, shall terminate at such time as Indemnitee pleads guilty or is convicted after trial and such conviction becomes final and no longer subject to appeal. Advances shall be unsecured and interest free. Advances shall be made without regard to Indemnitees ability to repay such amounts and, subject to judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in settlement being eligible for indemnification hereunder, without regard to Indemnitees ultimate entitlement to indemnification under the other provisions of this Agreement. Without limiting the generality or effect of the foregoing, within thirty days after any request by Indemnitee, the Company shall, in accordance with such request (but without duplication), (a) pay such Expenses on behalf of Indemnitee, (b) advance to Indemnitee funds in an amount sufficient to pay such Expenses, or (c) reimburse Indemnitee for such Expenses. The Company shall not seek from a court, or agree to, a bar order which would have the effect of prohibiting or limiting the Indemnitee's rights to receive advancement of judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in settlement (when eligible hereunder) and of Expenses under this Agreement.

9. Procedure for Determination of Entitlement to Indemnification.

9.1. To obtain indemnification under this Agreement in connection with any Proceeding, and for the duration thereof, Indemnitee shall submit to the Company a written request, including therein or therewith such documentation and information as is reasonably available to Indemnitee and is reasonably necessary to determine whether and to what extent Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification. The Secretary of the Company shall, promptly upon receipt of any such request for indemnification, advise the Board in writing that Indemnitee has requested indemnification.

5

9.2. Upon written request by Indemnitee for indemnification pursuant to Section 9.1 hereof, a determination, if required by applicable law, with respect to Indemnitees entitlement thereto shall be made in such case: (i) if a Change in Control shall have occurred, by Independent Counsel (unless Indemnitee shall request that such determination be made by the Board or the shareholders, in which case such determination shall be made in the manner provided for in clauses (ii) or (iii) of this Section 9.2) in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee; (ii) if a Change in Control shall not have occurred, at the election of the Company, (A) by the Board by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of Disinterested Directors, or (B) if a quorum of the Board consisting of Disinterested Directors is not obtainable, by a majority of a committee of the Board consisting of two or more Disinterested Directors, or (C) by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee, or (D) by the shareholders of the Company, by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of shareholders who are not parties to the proceeding, or if no such quorum is obtainable, by a majority vote of shareholders who are not parties to such proceeding; or (iii) as provided in Section 10.2 hereof. If it is so determined that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, payment to Indemnitee shall be made within ten (10) days after such determination. Indemnitee shall cooperate with the person, persons or entity making such determination with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification, including providing to such person, persons or entity upon reasonable advance request any documentation or information which is not privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure and which is reasonably available to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to such determination. Any costs or expenses (including attorneys fees and disbursements) incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating with the person, persons or entity making such determination shall be borne by the Company (irrespective of the determination as to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification) and the Company hereby indemnifies and agrees to hold Indemnitee harmless therefrom.

9.3. If a Change in Control shall have occurred, Independent Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee (unless Indemnitee shall request that such selection be made by the Board), and Indemnitee (or the Board, as the case may be) shall give written notice to the other party advising it of the identity of Independent Counsel so selected. In either event, Indemnitee or the Company, as the case may be, may, within seven (7) days after such written notice of selection shall have been given, deliver to the Company or to Indemnitee, as the case may be, a written objection to such selection. Such objection may be asserted only on the ground that Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 1.1 hereof, and the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. If such written objection is made, Independent Counsel so selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until a court has determined that such objection is without merit. If, within twenty (20) days after submission by Indemnitee of a written request for indemnification pursuant to Section 9.1 hereof, no Independent Counsel shall have been selected and not objected to, either the Company or Indemnitee may petition a court of competent jurisdiction, for resolution of any objection which shall have been made by the Company or Indemnitee to the others selection of Independent Counsel and/or for the appointment as Independent Counsel of a person selected by such court or by such other person as such court shall designate, and the person with respect to whom an objection is so resolved or the person so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel under Section 9.2 hereof. The Company shall pay any and all reasonable fees and expenses of Independent Counsel incurred by such Independent Counsel in connection with its actions pursuant to this Agreement, and the Company shall pay all reasonable fees and expenses incident to the procedures of this Section 9.3 hereof, regardless of the manner in which such Independent Counsel was selected or appointed. Upon the due commencement date of any judicial proceeding pursuant to Section 11.1 (iii) hereof, Independent Counsel shall be discharged and relieved of any further responsibility in such capacity (subject to the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing).

6

10. Presumptions and Effects of Certain Proceedings.

10.1. In making a determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification hereunder, the person or persons or entity making such determination shall presume that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement if Indemnitee has submitted a request for indemnification in accordance with Section 9.1 hereof, and the Company shall have the burden of proof to overcome that presumption by clear and convincing evidence in connection with the making by any person, persons or entity of any determination contrary to that presumption.

10.2. If the person, persons or entity empowered or selected under Section 9 hereof to determine whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification shall not have made a determination within sixty (60) days after receipt by the Company of the request therefor, the requisite determination of entitlement to indemnification shall be deemed to have been made and Indemnitee shall be entitled to such indemnification, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law, as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final judgment, not subject to further appeal; provided, however, that such 60-day period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional thirty (30) days, if the person, persons or entity making the determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification in good faith require(s) such additional time for the obtaining or evaluating of documentation and/or information relating thereto; and provided, further, that the foregoing provisions of this Section 10.2 shall not apply (i) if the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by the shareholders pursuant to Section 9.2 hereof and if (A) within 15 days after receipt by the Company of the request for such determination the Board has resolved to submit such determination to the shareholders for their consideration at an annual meeting thereof to be held within 75 days after such receipt and such determination is made thereat, or (B) a special meeting of shareholders is called within 15 days after such receipt for the purpose of making such determination, such meeting is held for such purpose within 60 days after having been so called and such determination is made thereat, or (ii) if the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 9.2 hereof. In connection with each meeting at which a shareholder determination will be made, the Company shall solicit proxies that expressly include a proposal to indemnify or reimburse the Indemnitee. The Company shall afford the Indemnitee ample opportunity to present evidence of the facts upon which the Indemnitee relies for indemnification in any Company proxy statement relating to such shareholder determination. Subject to the fiduciary duties of its members under applicable law, the Board will not recommend against indemnification or reimbursement in any proxy statement relating to the proposal to indemnify or reimburse the Indemnitee.

10.3. The termination of any Proceeding or of any claim, issue or matter therein, by judgment, order, settlement or conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement) of itself adversely affect the right of Indemnitee to indemnification or create a presumption that Indemnitee did not act in good faith, for a purpose which Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in, or, in the case of service for any other corporation or any partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise, not opposed to, the best interests of the Company, or, in criminal Proceedings, that Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that Indemnitees conduct was unlawful, or that Indemnitee did not meet any other applicable standard of conduct.

7

10.4. Reliance as Safe Harbor. For purposes of this Agreement, the Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company, or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, to have had no reasonable cause to believe Indemnitees conduct was unlawful, or to have met any other applicable standard of conduct, if Indemnitees action is based on (i) the records or books of account of the Company, or another enterprise, including financial statements, (ii) information supplied to Indemnitee by the officers of the Company or another enterprise in the course of their duties, or (iii) the advice of legal counsel for the Company or another enterprise, or of an independent certified public accountant or an appraiser or other expert selected with reasonable care by the Company or another enterprise. The term another enterprise as used in this Section shall mean any other corporation or any partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise of which the Indemnitee is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, partner, trustee, employee or agent. The provisions of this Section shall not be deemed to be exclusive or to limit in any way the other circumstances in which the Indemnitee may be deemed to have met the applicable standard of conduct applicable hereunder. Whether or not the foregoing provisions of this Section 10.4 are satisfied, it shall in any event be presumed that Indemnitee has at all times acted in good faith, for a purpose which Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in, or, in the case of service for any other corporation or any partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise, not opposed to, the best interests of the Company, and, in criminal Proceedings, that Indemnitee had no reasonable cause to believe that Indemnitees conduct was unlawful, and that Indemnitee met any other applicable standard of conduct. Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall have the burden of proof and the burden of persuasion by clear and convincing evidence.

11. Remedies of Indemnitee.

11.1. In the event that (i) a determination is made pursuant to Section 9 hereof that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under this Agreement, (ii) advancement of Expenses is not timely made pursuant to Section 8 hereof, (iii) the determination of indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 9.2 hereof and such determination shall not have been made and delivered in a written opinion within sixty (60) days after receipt by the Company of the request for indemnification, (iv) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to Section 7 hereof within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor, or (v) payment of indemnification is not made within thirty (30) days after a determination has been made that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification or such determination is deemed to have been made pursuant to Section 9 or 10 hereof, Indemnitee shall be entitled to an adjudication in an appropriate court of the State of Delaware, or in any other court of competent jurisdiction, of Indemnitees entitlement to such indemnification or advancement of Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines or, when eligible hereunder, amounts paid in settlement. The Company shall not oppose Indemnitees right to seek any such adjudication.

11.2. In the event that a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 9 hereof that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification, any judicial proceeding commenced pursuant to this Section shall be conducted in all respects as a de novo trial on the merits and Indemnitee shall not be prejudiced by reason of that adverse determination.

8

11.3. If a determination shall have been made or deemed to have been made pursuant to Section 9 or 10 hereof that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, the Company shall be bound by such determination in any judicial proceeding commenced pursuant to this Section, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law.

11.4. The Company shall be precluded from asserting in any judicial proceeding commenced pursuant to this Section that the procedures and presumptions of this Agreement are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court that the Company is bound by all the provisions of this Agreement.

11.5. In the event that Indemnitee, pursuant to this Section, seeks a judicial adjudication of Indemnitees rights under, or to recover damages for breach of, this Agreement or any other agreement, including any other indemnification, contribution or advancement agreement, or any provision of the certificate of incorporation or bylaws of the Company now or hereafter in effect, or for recovery under directors and officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Company, Indemnitee shall be entitled to recover from the Company, and shall be indemnified by the Company against, any and all expenses (of the kinds described in the definition of Expenses) actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in such judicial adjudication, but only if Indemnitee prevails therein. In any suit brought by the Company to recover an advancement of Expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the Company shall pay all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by the Indemnitee in connection with such suit in the event the Indemnitee has been successful, on the merits or otherwise, in defense of such suit. If it shall be determined in such judicial adjudication that Indemnitee is entitled to receive less than all of the indemnification or advancement of expenses sought, the expenses incurred by Indemnitee in connection with such judicial adjudication shall be appropriately prorated. In addition, the Company shall, if so requested by Indemnitee, advance the foregoing expenses to Indemnitee, subject to and in accordance with Section 8 hereof.

9

12. Procedure Regarding Indemnification. With respect to any Proceedings, the Indemnitee, prior to taking any action with respect to such Proceeding, shall consult with the Company as to the procedure to be followed in defending, settling, or compromising the Proceeding and may not consent to any settlement or compromise of the Proceeding without the written consent of the Company (which consent may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed). The Company shall be entitled to participate in defending, settling or compromising any Proceeding and to assume the defense of such Proceeding with counsel of its choice and shall assume such defense if requested by the Indemnitee. Notwithstanding the election by, or obligation of, the Company to assume the defense of a Proceeding, the Indemnitee shall have the right to participate in the defense of such Proceeding and to employ counsel of Indemnitee's choice, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of the Indemnitee unless (i) the employment of such counsel has been authorized in writing by the Company, (ii) Indemnitee shall have reasonably determined that there is a conflict of interest between the Company and Indemnitee in the conduct of the defense of the Proceeding, (iii) the Indemnitee has reasonably concluded that there may be defenses available to Indemnitee which are different from or additional to those available to the Company (in which latter case the Company shall not have the right to direct the defense of such Proceeding on behalf of the Indemnitee), (iv) after a Change in Control, the employment of counsel by Indemnitee has been approved by the Independent Counsel, (v) the Company shall not in fact have employed counsel to assume the defense of such Proceeding, or (vi) the fees and expenses are non-duplicative and reasonably incurred in connection with Indemnitees role in the Proceedings, despite the Companys assumption of the defense, in each of which cases all Expenses of the Proceeding shall be borne by the Company. The Company shall not be entitled to assume the defense of any Proceeding brought by or on behalf of the Company, or as to which Indemnitee shall have made the determination provided for in (ii) above or under the circumstances provided for in (iii) and (iv) above. Indemnitee agrees that any such separate counsel retained by Indemnitee will be not more than one additional firm of attorneys, and such firm shall be a member of any approved list of panel counsel under the Companys applicable directors and officers liability insurance policy, should the applicable policy provide for a panel of approved counsel and should such approved panel list comprise law firms with well-established reputations in the type of litigation at issue. (For clarity, the fact of a firms being part of a panel shall not be evidence of a firms having a well-established national reputation for the type of litigation at issue.) If the Company assumes the defense of a Proceeding, then counsel for the Company and Indemnitee shall keep Indemnitee reasonably informed of the status of the Proceeding and promptly send to Indemnitee copies of all documents filed or produced in the Proceeding, and the Company shall not compromise or settle any such Proceeding without the written consent of the Indemnitee (which consent may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed) if the relief provided shall be other than monetary damages and shall promptly notify the Indemnitee of any settlement and the amount thereof. The Company shall not be liable to indemnify the Indemnitee under this Agreement for any amounts paid in settlement of any Proceeding effected without the Companys written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, or for any judicial or other award, if the Company was not given an opportunity, in accordance with this Section, to participate in the defense of such Proceeding.

13. Non-Exclusivity; Survival of Rights; Insurance; Subrogation; Contribution.

13.1. The rights of indemnification and to receive advancement of judgments, penalties, fines, amounts paid in settlement and Expenses as provided by this Agreement shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which Indemnitee may at any time be entitled under applicable law, the certificate of incorporation or bylaws of the Company, any agreement, a vote of shareholders or a resolution of directors, or otherwise. No amendment, alteration or repeal of this Agreement or any provision hereof shall be effective as to any Indemnitee with respect to any action taken or omitted by such Indemnitee in Indemnitees Corporate Status prior to such amendment, alteration or repeal.

10

13.2. For the duration of Indemnitees service as a director and/or officer of the Company or of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise which such person is or was serving at the request of the Company, and thereafter for so long as Indemnitee shall be subject to any Proceeding by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts (taking into account the scope and amount of coverage available relative to the cost thereof) to cause to be maintained in effect policies of directors and officers liability insurance providing coverage for directors and/or officers of the Company that comparable to what similarly situated companys would maintain. In all policies of directors and officers liability insurance obtained by the Company, Indemnitee shall be an insured in such a manner as to provide Indemnitee the same rights and benefits, subject to the same limitations, as are accorded to the Companys directors and officers most favorably insured by such policy. Company shall promptly notify Indemnitee of any good faith determination not to provide such coverage or of any lapse or termination in any such policy. In the event of a Change in Control or the Companys becoming insolvent, the Company shall maintain in force any and all directors and officers liability insurance in respect of the individual directors and officers of the Company, for a fixed period of six years thereafter (a Tail Policy). Such coverage shall be non-cancellable and shall be placed and serviced for the duration of its term by the Companys incumbent insurance broker. Such broker shall place the Tail policy with the incumbent insurance carriers using the policies that were in place at the time of the change of control event (unless the incumbent carriers will not offer such policies, in which case the Tail Policy placed by the Companys insurance broker shall be substantially comparable in scope and amount as the expiring policies, and the insurance carriers for the Tail Policy shall have an AM Best rating that is the same or better than the AM Best ratings of the expiring policies).

13.3. In the event of any payment under this Agreement, subject to Section 13.4 hereof, the Company shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee, who shall execute all papers required and take all action necessary to secure such rights, including execution of such documents as are reasonably necessary to enable the Company to bring suit to enforce such rights.

13.4. The Company shall not be liable under this Agreement to make any payment of amounts otherwise indemnifiable hereunder if and to the extent that Indemnitee has otherwise actually received such payment under any insurance policy, contract, agreement or otherwise; provided, however, that payment made to Indemnitee pursuant to an insurance policy purchased and maintained by Indemnitee at his or her own expense of any amounts otherwise indemnifiable or obligated to be made pursuant to this Agreement shall not reduce the Companys obligations to Indemnitee pursuant to this Agreement.

13.5. If a determination is made that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification, after Indemnitee submits a written request therefor, under this Agreement, then in respect of any threatened, pending or completed Proceeding in which the Company is jointly liability with the Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), the Company shall contribute to the amount of judgments, penalties, fines, amounts paid in settlement and Expenses paid by the Indemnitee in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect (i) the relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and the Indemnitee on the other hand from the transaction from which Proceeding arose, and (ii) the relative fault of the Company on the one hand and of the Indemnitee on the other hand in connection with the events that resulted in such judgments, penalties, fines, amounts paid in settlement and Expenses, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the Company on the one hand and of the Indemnitee on the other hand shall be determined by reference to, among other things, the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent the circumstances resulting in such Expenses, judgments, fines or amounts paid in settlement. The Company agrees that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section were determined by pro rata allocation or any other method of allocation that does not take into account the foregoing equitable considerations. The determination as to the amount of the contribution, if any, shall be made by: (i) a court of competent jurisdiction upon the application of both the Indemnitee and the Company (if the Proceeding had been brought in, and final determination had been rendered by such court); (ii) the Board by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of Disinterested Directors; or (iii) Independent Counsel, if a quorum is not obtainable for purpose of (ii) above, or, even if obtainable, a quorum of Disinterested Directors so directs.

11

14. Duration of Agreement. This Agreement shall continue so long as Indemnitee may be subject to or a witness in any possible Proceeding in respect of which Indemnitee is granted rights of indemnification or advancement of Expenses hereunder, and until one (1) year after the final termination of any such Proceeding then pending (including any rights of appeal thereto) and of any proceeding commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 11 hereof relating thereto (including any rights of appeal thereto). This Agreement shall be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns and shall inure to the benefit of Indemnitee and Indemnitees spouse, heirs, executors, personal representatives and administrators. The Company shall require and cause any successor (whether direct or indirect by purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise) to all, substantially all, or a substantial part, of the business and/or assets of the Company, by written agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Indemnitee, expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.

15. Severability. If any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever: (a) the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section hereof containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby; and (b) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section hereof containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested by the provision held invalid, illegal or unenforceable.

16. Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Company and the Indemnitee with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements, understanding, negotiations and discussion, both written and oral, between the parties hereto with respect to such subject matter (the Prior Agreements); provided, however, that if this Agreement shall ever be held void or unenforceable for any reasons whatsoever, and is not reformed pursuant to Section 15 hereof, then (i) this Agreement shall not be deemed to have superseded any Prior Agreements; (ii) all of such Prior Agreements shall be deemed to be in full force and effect notwithstanding the execution of this Agreement; and (iii) the Indemnitee shall be entitled to maximum indemnification benefits provided under any Prior Agreements, as well as those provided under applicable law, the certificate of incorporation or bylaws of the Company, a vote of shareholders or resolution of directors.

12

17. Exception to Right of Indemnification or Advancement of Expenses.

17.1. Except as provided in Section 11.5 hereof, Indemnitee shall not be entitled to indemnification or advancement of Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in settlement under this Agreement with respect to any Proceeding, or any claim therein, brought or made by Indemnitee against the Company.

17.2. Indemnitee shall not be entitled to indemnification or advancement of Expenses under this Agreement with respect to any Proceeding, or any claim therein, arising from the purchase and sale by Indemnitee of securities in violation of 16(b) of the Exchange Act or Company similar successor statute.

18. Covenant Not to Sue; Limitation of Actions; Release of Claims. No legal action shall be brought and no cause of action shall be asserted by or on behalf of the Company (or any of its subsidiaries) against the Indemnitee, Indemnitees spouse, heirs, executors, personal representatives or administrators after the expiration of two (2) years from the date of accrual of such cause of action and any claim or cause of action of the Company (or any of its subsidiaries) shall be extinguished and deemed released unless asserted by the filing of a legal action within such two (2) year period; provided, however, that if any shorter period of limitation is otherwise applicable to any such cause of action, such shorter period shall govern.

19. Identical Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement.

20. Headings. The headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute part of this Agreement or to affect the construction thereof.

21. Modification and Waiver. No supplement, modification or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by both of the parties hereto. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions hereof (whether or not similar) nor shall such waiver constitute a continuing waiver.

22. Required Notice.

22.1. Indemnitee agrees promptly to notify the Company in writing upon being served with any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document relating any Proceeding or matter which may be subject to indemnification or advancement of Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines or amounts paid in settlement covered hereunder. The failure to notify the Company on a timely basis shall not constitute a waiver of Indemnitees rights under this Agreement, except to the extent that such failure or delay (i) causes the amounts paid or to be paid by the Company to be greater than they otherwise would have been, (ii) adversely affects the Companys ability to obtain for itself or Indemnitee coverage or proceeds under any insurance policy available to the Company or Indemnitee, or (iii) otherwise results in prejudice to the Company.

13

22.2. If the Indemnitee is the subject of, or is, to the knowledge of the Company, implicated in any way during an investigation, whether formal or informal, that is related to Indemnitees Corporate Status and that reasonably could lead to a Proceeding for which indemnification can be provided under this Agreement, the Company shall notify the Indemnitee of such investigation and shall share (to the extent legally permissible) with Indemnitee any information it has provided to any third parties concerning the investigation (Shared Information). By executing this Agreement, Indemnitee agrees that such Shared Information is material non-public information that Indemnitee is obligated to hold in confidence and may not disclose publicly; provided, however, that Indemnitee may use the Shared Information and disclose such Shared Information to Indemnitees legal counsel and third parties, in each case solely in connection with defending Indemnitee from legal liability.

23. Notices. All notices, requests, demands and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if (i) delivered by hand and receipted for by the party to whom such notice or other communication shall have been directed, or (ii) mailed by certified or registered mail with postage prepaid, on the third business day after the date on which it is so mailed:

if to Indemnitee, to the address set forth on the signature page; or

if to the Company, to:

Classover Holdings, Inc.

450 7th Avenue, Suite 905

New York, New York 10123

Attention: Hui Luo, Chief Executive Officer

E-mail: sluo@classover.com

or, in either case, to such other address or such other person as Indemnitee or the Company shall designate in writing in accordance with this Section, except that notices regarding changes in notices shall be effective only upon receipt.

24. Governing Law. This Agreement and the legal relations among the parties shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its conflict of laws rules. The Company and Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally (i) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought only in the Chancery Court of the State of Delaware (the Delaware Court), and not in any other state or federal court in the United States of America or any court in any other country, (ii) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Court for purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, (iii) waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such action or proceeding in the Delaware Court, and (iv) waive, and agree not to plead or to make, any claim that any such action or proceeding brought in the Delaware Court has been brought in an improper or inconvenient forum.

14

25. Mutual Acknowledgment. Both the Company and Indemnitee acknowledge that, in certain instances, Federal law or applicable public policy may prohibit the Company from indemnifying its directors and officers under this Agreement or otherwise. Indemnitee understands and acknowledges that the Company may be required in the future in certain circumstances to undertake with the Securities and Exchange Commission to submit the question of indemnification to a court for a determination of the Companys right under public policy to indemnify Indemnitee.

26. Monetary Damages Insufficient; Specific Performance. The Company and Indemnitee agree that a monetary remedy for breach of this Agreement may be inadequate, impracticable and difficult of proof, and further agree that such breach may cause Indemnitee irreparable harm. Accordingly, the parties hereto agree that Indemnitee may enforce this Agreement by seeking injunctive relief and/or specific performance hereof, without any necessity of showing actual damage or irreparable harm (having agreed that actual and irreparable harm will result in not forcing the Company to specifically perform its obligations pursuant to this Agreement) and that by seeking injunctive relief and/or specific performance, Indemnitee shall not be precluded from seeking or obtaining any other relief to which he may be entitled. The Company and Indemnitee further agree that Indemnitee shall be entitled to such specific performance and injunctive relief, including temporary restraining orders, preliminary injunctions and permanent injunctions, without the necessity of posting bonds or other undertaking in connection therewith. The Company acknowledges that in the absence of a waiver, a bond or undertaking may be required of Indemnitee by the Court, and the Company hereby waives any such requirement of a bond or undertaking. If Indemnitee seeks mandatory injunctive relief, it shall not be a defense to enforcement of the Companys obligations set forth in this Agreement that Indemnitee has an adequate remedy at law for damages.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank]

15

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date set forth below.

COMPANY: 

INDEMNITEE: 

CLASSOVER HOLDINGS, INC. 

(Name) 

By: 

Name: 

(Signature) 

Title: 

(Street Address) 

(City, State and Zip) 

(Date) 

(E-mail) 

[Signature Page to Indemnification Agreement]

16
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>class_ex104.htm
<DESCRIPTION>REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
class_ex104.htm

EXHIBIT 10.4

Final Form

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

This REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of April 4, 2024, is by and among Classover Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and the undersigned buyers (each, a Buyer, and collectively, the Buyers).

RECITALS

A. In connection with the Securities Purchase Agreement by and among the parties hereto, dated as of November 22, 2024 (the Securities Purchase Agreement), the Company has agreed, upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Securities Purchase Agreement, to issue and sell to each Buyer the Preferred Shares (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) which will be convertible into Conversion Shares (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) in accordance with the terms of the Certificate of Designations (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement).

B. To induce the Buyers to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Company has agreed to provide certain registration rights under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder, or any similar successor statute (collectively, the 1933 Act), and applicable state securities laws.

AGREEMENT

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each of the Buyers hereby agree as follows:

1. Definitions.

Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Securities Purchase Agreement. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

(a) Business Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York generally are open for use by customers on such day.

(b) Closing Date shall have the meaning set forth in the Securities Purchase Agreement.

(c) Effective Date means the date that the applicable Registration Statement has been declared effective by the SEC.

1

(d) Effectiveness Deadline means (i) with respect to the initial Registration Statement required to be filed pursuant to Section 2(a), the earlier of the (A) 60th calendar day after the Closing Date and (B) 5th Business Day after the date the Company is notified (orally or in writing, whichever is earlier) by the SEC that such Registration Statement will not be reviewed or will not be subject to further review and (ii) with respect to any additional Registration Statements that may be required to be filed by the Company pursuant to this Agreement, the earlier of the (A) 60th calendar day following the date on which the Company was required to file such additional Registration Statement and (B) 5th Business Day after the date the Company is notified (orally or in writing, whichever is earlier) by the SEC that such Registration Statement will not be reviewed or will not be subject to further review.

(e) Filing Deadline means (i) with respect to the initial Registration Statement required to be filed pursuant to Section 2(a), the 45th calendar day after the Closing Date (unless on such date, the Registration Statement is required to include financial statements that are not required to be filed in the Companys periodic reports under the 1934 Act, in which case the Filing Deadline shall be the 5th calendar day after such financial statements are required to be included in any such periodic report, but in no event later than the 90th calendar day after the Closing Date) and (ii) with respect to any additional Registration Statements that may be required to be filed by the Company pursuant to this Agreement, the date on which the Company was required to file such additional Registration Statement pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

(f) Investor means a Buyer or any transferee or assignee of any Registrable Securities or Preferred Shares, as applicable, to whom a Buyer assigns its rights under this Agreement and who agrees to become bound by the provisions of this Agreement in accordance with Section 9 and any transferee or assignee thereof to whom a transferee or assignee of any Registrable Securities or Preferred Shares, as applicable, assigns its rights under this Agreement and who agrees to become bound by the provisions of this Agreement in accordance with Section 9.

(g) Person means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization or a government or any department or agency thereof.

(h) register, registered, and registration refer to a registration effected by preparing and filing one or more Registration Statements in compliance with the 1933 Act and pursuant to Rule 415 and the declaration of effectiveness of such Registration Statement(s) by the SEC.

(i) Registrable Securities means (i) the Conversion Shares, and (ii) any capital stock of the Company issued or issuable with respect to the Conversion Shares or the Preferred Shares, including, without limitation, (1) as a result of any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, exchange or similar event or otherwise and (2) shares of capital stock of the Company into which the shares of Common Stock (as defined in the Certificate of Designations) are converted or exchanged and shares of capital stock of a Successor Entity (as defined in the Preferred Shares) into which the shares of Common Stock are converted or exchanged, in each case, without regard to any limitations on conversion of the Preferred Shares.

2

(j) Registration Statement means a registration statement or registration statements of the Company filed under the 1933 Act covering Registrable Securities.

(k) Required Holders means, as of any given time, the holders of a majority of the Registrable Securities as of such time (excluding any Registrable Securities held by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries as of such time).

(l) Required Registration Amount means 250% of the maximum number of Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Shares (assuming for purposes hereof that (w) all of the Preferred Warrants have been exercised in full, (x) the Preferred Shares are convertible at the Floor Price (as defined in the Certificate of Designations) then in effect, and (y) any such conversion shall not take into account any limitations on the conversion of the Preferred Shares set forth in the Certificate of Designations), all subject to adjustment as provided in Section 2(d) and/or Section 2(f).

(m) Rule 144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the SEC under the 1933 Act, as such rule may be amended from time to time, or any other similar or successor rule or regulation of the SEC that may at any time permit the Investors to sell securities of the Company to the public without registration.

(n) Rule 415 means Rule 415 promulgated by the SEC under the 1933 Act, as such rule may be amended from time to time, or any other similar or successor rule or regulation of the SEC providing for offering securities on a continuous or delayed basis.

(o) SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any successor thereto.

2. Registration.

(a) Mandatory Registration. The Company shall prepare and, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than the Filing Deadline, file with the SEC an initial Registration Statement on Form S-3 covering the resale of all of the Registrable Securities, provided that such initial Registration Statement shall register for resale at least the number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Required Registration Amount as of the date such Registration Statement is initially filed with the SEC; provided further that if Form S-3 is unavailable for such a registration, the Company shall use such other form as is required by Section 2(c). Such initial Registration Statement, and each other Registration Statement required to be filed pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, shall contain (except if otherwise directed by the Required Holders) the Selling Stockholders and Plan of Distribution sections in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit B. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to have such initial Registration Statement, and each other Registration Statement required to be filed pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, declared effective by the SEC as soon as practicable, but in no event later than the applicable Effectiveness Deadline for such Registration Statement.

(b) Legal Counsel. Subject to Section 5 hereof, Kelley Drye & Warren LLP, counsel solely to the lead investor (Legal Counsel), shall review and oversee any registration, solely on behalf of the lead investor, pursuant to this Section 2.

3

(c) Ineligibility to Use Form S-3. In the event that Form S-3 is not available for the registration of the resale of Registrable Securities hereunder, the Company shall (i) register the resale of the Registrable Securities on Form S-1 or another appropriate form reasonably acceptable to the Required Holders and (ii) undertake to register the resale of the Registrable Securities on Form S3 as soon as such form is available, provided that the Company shall maintain the effectiveness of all Registration Statements then in effect until such time as a Registration Statement on Form S-3 covering the resale of all the Registrable Securities has been declared effective by the SEC and the prospectus contained therein is available for use.

(d) Sufficient Number of Shares Registered. In the event the number of shares available under any Registration Statement is insufficient to cover all of the Registrable Securities required to be covered by such Registration Statement or an Investors allocated portion of the Registrable Securities pursuant to Section 2(h), the Company shall amend such Registration Statement (if permissible), or file with the SEC a new Registration Statement (on the short form available therefor, if applicable), or both, so as to cover at least the Required Registration Amount as of the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the filing of such amendment or new Registration Statement, in each case, as soon as practicable, but in any event not later than fifteen (15) days after the necessity therefor arises (but taking account of any Staff position with respect to the date on which the Staff will permit such amendment to the Registration Statement and/or such new Registration Statement (as the case may be) to be filed with the SEC). The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause such amendment to such Registration Statement and/or such new Registration Statement (as the case may be) to become effective as soon as practicable following the filing thereof with the SEC, but in no event later than the applicable Effectiveness Deadline for such Registration Statement. For purposes of the foregoing provision, the number of shares available under a Registration Statement shall be deemed insufficient to cover all of the Registrable Securities if at any time the number of shares of Common Stock available for resale under the applicable Registration Statement is less than the product determined by multiplying (i) the Required Registration Amount as of such time by (ii) 0.90. The calculation set forth in the foregoing sentence shall be made without regard to any limitations on conversion, amortization and/or redemption of the Preferred Shares (and such calculation shall assume (A) that the Preferred Shares are then convertible in full into shares of Common Stock at the then prevailing Conversion Rate (as defined in the Certificate of Designations), and (B) the initial outstanding principal amount of the Preferred Shares remains outstanding through the scheduled Maturity Date (as defined in the Certificate of Designations) and no redemptions of the Preferred Shares occur prior to the scheduled Maturity Date.

(e) Current Public Information Failure. If a Registration Statement is not effective for any reason or the prospectus contained therein is not available for use for any reason after the initial Effective Date (other than during an Allowable Grace Period and, if the Registration Statement is on Form S-1, except during the ten (10) Business Days following the filing of the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K), and either (x) the Company fails for any reason to satisfy the requirements of Rule 144(c)(1), including, without limitation, the failure to satisfy the current public information requirement under Rule 144(c) or (y) the Company has ever been an issuer described in Rule 144(i)(1)(i) or becomes such an issuer in the future, and the Company shall fail to satisfy any condition set forth in Rule 144(i)(2) as a result of which any of the Investors are unable to sell Registrable Securities without restriction under Rule 144 (including, without limitation, volume restrictions) (a Current Public Information Failure), then, as partial relief for the damages to any holder by reason of any such delay in, or reduction of, its ability to sell the underlying shares of Common Stock (which remedy shall not be exclusive of any other remedies available at law or in equity, including, without limitation, specific performance), the Company shall pay to each holder of Registrable Securities relating to such Registration Statement an amount in cash equal to one percent (1%) of such Investors Purchase Price (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) (1) on the date of such Current Public Information Failure, as applicable, and (2) on every thirty (30) day anniversary of a Current Public Information Failure until the earlier of (i) the date such Current Public Information Failure is cured and (ii) such time that such public information is no longer required pursuant to Rule 144 (in each case, pro rated for periods totaling less than thirty (30) days). The payments to which a holder of Registrable Securities shall be entitled pursuant to this Section 2(e) are referred to herein as Registration Delay Payments. Following the initial Registration Delay Payment for any particular event or failure (which shall be paid on the date of such event or failure, as set forth above), without limiting the foregoing, if an event or failure giving rise to the Registration Delay Payments is cured prior to any thirty (30) day anniversary of such event or failure, then such Registration Delay Payment shall be made on the third (3rd) Business Day after such cure. In the event the Company fails to make Registration Delay Payments in a timely manner in accordance with the foregoing, such Registration Delay Payments shall bear interest at the rate of one percent (1%) per month (prorated for partial months) until paid in full. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Registration Delay Payments shall be owed to an Investor (other than with respect to a Maintenance Failure resulting from a suspension or delisting of (or a failure to timely list) the shares of Common Stock on the Principal Market) with respect to any period during which all of such Investors Registrable Securities may be sold by such Investor without restriction under Rule 144 (including, without limitation, volume restrictions) and without the need for current public information required by Rule 144(c)(1) (or Rule 144(i)(2), if applicable).

4

(f) Offering. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, in the event the staff of the SEC (the Staff) or the SEC seeks to characterize any offering pursuant to a Registration Statement filed pursuant to this Agreement as constituting an offering of securities by, or on behalf of, the Company, or in any other manner, such that the Staff or the SEC do not permit such Registration Statement to become effective and used for resales in a manner that does not constitute such an offering and that permits the continuous resale at the market by the Investors participating therein (or as otherwise may be acceptable to each Investor) without being named therein as an underwriter, then the Company shall reduce the number of shares to be included in such Registration Statement by all Investors until such time as the Staff and the SEC shall so permit such Registration Statement to become effective as aforesaid. In making such reduction, the Company shall reduce the number of shares to be included by all Investors on a pro rata basis (based upon the number of Registrable Securities otherwise required to be included for each Investor) unless the inclusion of shares by a particular Investor or a particular set of Investors are resulting in the Staff or the SECs by or on behalf of the Company offering position, in which event the shares held by such Investor or set of Investors shall be the only shares subject to reduction (and if by a set of Investors on a pro rata basis by such Investors or on such other basis as would result in the exclusion of the least number of shares by all such Investors); provided, that, with respect to such pro rata portion allocated to any Investor, such Investor may elect the allocation of such pro rata portion among the Registrable Securities of such Investor. In addition, in the event that the Staff or the SEC requires any Investor seeking to sell securities under a Registration Statement filed pursuant to this Agreement to be specifically identified as an underwriter in order to permit such Registration Statement to become effective, and such Investor does not consent to being so named as an underwriter in such Registration Statement, then, in each such case, the Company shall reduce the total number of Registrable Securities to be registered on behalf of such Investor, until such time as the Staff or the SEC does not require such identification or until such Investor accepts such identification and the manner thereof. Any reduction pursuant to this paragraph will first reduce all Registrable Securities other than those issued pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement. In the event of any reduction in Registrable Securities pursuant to this paragraph, an affected Investor shall have the right to require, upon delivery of a written request to the Company signed by such Investor, the Company to file a registration statement within twenty (20) days of such request (subject to any restrictions imposed by Rule 415 or required by the Staff or the SEC) for resale by such Investor in a manner acceptable to such Investor, and the Company shall following such request cause to be and keep effective such registration statement in the same manner as otherwise contemplated in this Agreement for registration statements hereunder, in each case until such time as: (i) all Registrable Securities held by such Investor have been registered and sold pursuant to an effective Registration Statement in a manner acceptable to such Investor or (ii) all Registrable Securities may be resold by such Investor without restriction (including, without limitation, volume limitations) pursuant to Rule 144 (taking account of any Staff position with respect to affiliate status) and without the need for current public information required by Rule 144(c)(1) (or Rule 144(i)(2), if applicable) or (iii) such Investor agrees to be named as an underwriter in any such Registration Statement in a manner acceptable to such Investor as to all Registrable Securities held by such Investor and that have not theretofore been included in a Registration Statement under this Agreement (it being understood that the special demand right under this sentence may be exercised by an Investor multiple times and with respect to limited amounts of Registrable Securities in order to permit the resale thereof by such Investor as contemplated above).

5

(g) Piggyback Registrations. Without limiting any obligation of the Company hereunder or under the Securities Purchase Agreement, if there is not an effective Registration Statement covering all of the Registrable Securities or the prospectus contained therein is not available for use and the Company shall determine to prepare and file with the SEC a registration statement or offering statement relating to an offering for its own account or the account of others under the 1933 Act of any of its equity securities (other than on Form S-4 or Form S-8 (each as promulgated under the 1933 Act) or their then equivalents relating to equity securities to be issued solely in connection with any acquisition of any entity or business or equity securities issuable in connection with the Companys stock option or other employee benefit plans), then the Company shall deliver to each Investor a written notice of such determination and, if within fifteen (15) days after the date of the delivery of such notice, any such Investor shall so request in writing, the Company shall include in such registration statement or offering statement all or any part of such Registrable Securities such Investor requests to be registered; provided, however, the Company shall not be required to register any Registrable Securities pursuant to this Section 2(g) that are eligible for resale pursuant to Rule 144 without restriction (including, without limitation, volume restrictions) and without the need for current public information required by Rule 144(c)(1) (or Rule 144(i)(2), if applicable) or that are the subject of a then-effective Registration Statement.

(h) Allocation of Registrable Securities. The initial number of Registrable Securities included in any Registration Statement and any increase in the number of Registrable Securities included therein shall be allocated pro rata among the Investors based on the number of Registrable Securities held by each Investor at the time such Registration Statement covering such initial number of Registrable Securities or increase thereof is declared effective by the SEC. In the event that an Investor sells or otherwise transfers any of such Investors Registrable Securities, each transferee or assignee (as the case may be) that becomes an Investor shall be allocated a pro rata portion of the then-remaining number of Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement for such transferor or assignee (as the case may be). Any shares of Common Stock included in a Registration Statement and which remain allocated to any Person which ceases to hold any Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement shall be allocated to the remaining Investors, pro rata based on the number of Registrable Securities then held by such Investors which are covered by such Registration Statement.

6

(i) No Inclusion of Other Securities. Except for securities to be registered by the Company in accordance with any registration statement as provided for by that certain outstanding Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 14, 2021, among the SPAC and the SPAC securityholders listed on the signature page thereto (as amended) (which, for the avoidance of doubt, if any reduction in secuties registered in any Registration Statement is reasonably necessary, shall be reduced in full before any reduction to any Registable Securities registerd thereunder), the Company shall in no event include any securities other than Registrable Securities on any Registration Statement filed in accordance herewith without the prior written consent of the Required Holders. Until the Applicable Date (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement), the Company shall not enter into any agreement providing any registration rights to any of its security holders, except as otherwise permitted under the Securities Purchase Agreement.

3. Related Obligations.

The Company shall use its best efforts to effect the registration of the Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method of disposition thereof, and, pursuant thereto, the Company shall have the following obligations:

(a) The Company shall promptly prepare and file with the SEC a Registration Statement with respect to all the Registrable Securities (but in no event later than the applicable Filing Deadline) and use its best efforts to cause such Registration Statement to become effective as soon as practicable after such filing (but in no event later than the Effectiveness Deadline). Subject to Allowable Grace Periods, the Company shall keep each Registration Statement effective (and the prospectus contained therein available for use) pursuant to Rule 415 for resales by the Investors on a delayed or continuous basis at then-prevailing market prices (and not fixed prices) at all times until the earlier of (i) the date as of which all of the Investors may sell all of the Registrable Securities required to be covered by such Registration Statement (disregarding any reduction pursuant to Section 2(f)) without restriction pursuant to Rule 144 (including, without limitation, volume restrictions) and without the need for current public information required by Rule 144(c)(1) (or Rule 144(i)(2), if applicable) or (ii) the date on which the Investors shall have sold all of the Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement (the Registration Period). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Company shall ensure that, when filed and at all times while effective, each Registration Statement (including, without limitation, all amendments and supplements thereto) and the prospectus (including, without limitation, all amendments and supplements thereto) used in connection with such Registration Statement (1) shall not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein, or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of prospectuses, in the light of the circumstances in which they were made) not misleading and (2) will disclose (whether directly or through incorporation by reference to other SEC filings to the extent permitted) all material information regarding the Company and its securities. The Company shall submit to the SEC, within one (1) Business Day after the later of the date that (i) the Company learns that no review of a particular Registration Statement will be made by the Staff or that the Staff has no further comments on a particular Registration Statement (as the case may be) and (ii) the consent of Legal Counsel is obtained pursuant to Section 3(c) (which consent shall be immediately sought), a request for acceleration of effectiveness of such Registration Statement to a time and date not later than twenty-four (24) hours after the submission of such request. The Company shall respond in writing to comments made by the SEC in respect of a Registration Statement as soon as practicable, but in no event later than fifteen (15) days after the receipt of comments by or notice from the SEC that an amendment is required in order for a Registration Statement to be declared effective.

7

(b) Subject to Section 3(r) of this Agreement, the Company shall prepare and file with the SEC such amendments (including, without limitation, post-effective amendments) and supplements to each Registration Statement and the prospectus used in connection with each such Registration Statement, which prospectus is to be filed pursuant to Rule 424 promulgated under the 1933 Act, as may be necessary to keep each such Registration Statement effective at all times during the Registration Period for such Registration Statement, and, during such period, comply with the provisions of the 1933 Act with respect to the disposition of all Registrable Securities of the Company required to be covered by such Registration Statement until such time as all of such Registrable Securities shall have been disposed of in accordance with the intended methods of disposition by the seller or sellers thereof as set forth in such Registration Statement; provided, however, by 8:30 a.m. (New York time) on the Business Day immediately following each Effective Date, the Company shall file with the SEC in accordance with Rule 424(b) under the 1933 Act the final prospectus to be used in connection with sales pursuant to the applicable Registration Statement (whether or not such a prospectus is technically required by such rule). In the case of amendments and supplements to any Registration Statement which are required to be filed pursuant to this Agreement (including, without limitation, pursuant to this Section 3(b)) by reason of the Company filing a report on Form 8-K, Form 10-Q or Form 10-K or any analogous report under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act), the Company shall, if permitted under the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC, have incorporated such report by reference into such Registration Statement, if applicable, or shall file such amendments or supplements with the SEC on the same day on which the 1934 Act report is filed which created the requirement for the Company to amend or supplement such Registration Statement.

(c) The Company shall (A) permit Legal Counsel and legal counsel for each other Investor to review and comment upon (i) each Registration Statement at least five (5) Business Days prior to its filing with the SEC and (ii) all amendments and supplements to each Registration Statement (including, without limitation, the prospectus contained therein) (except for Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and any similar or successor reports) within a reasonable number of days prior to their filing with the SEC, and (B) not file any Registration Statement or amendment or supplement thereto in a form to which Legal Counsel or any legal counsel for any other Investor reasonably objects. The Company shall not submit a request for acceleration of the effectiveness of a Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement thereto or to any prospectus contained therein without the prior consent of Legal Counsel, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. The Company shall promptly furnish to Legal Counsel and legal counsel for each other Investor, without charge, (i) copies of any correspondence from the SEC or the Staff to the Company or its representatives relating to each Registration Statement, provided that such correspondence shall not contain any material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement), (ii) after the same is prepared and filed with the SEC, one (1) copy of each Registration Statement and any amendment(s) and supplement(s) thereto, including, without limitation, financial statements and schedules, all documents incorporated therein by reference, if requested by an Investor, and all exhibits and (iii) upon the effectiveness of each Registration Statement, one (1) copy of the prospectus included in such Registration Statement and all amendments and supplements thereto. The Company shall reasonably cooperate with Legal Counsel and legal counsel for each other Investor in performing the Companys obligations pursuant to this Section 3.

8

(d) The Company shall promptly furnish to each Investor whose Registrable Securities are included in any Registration Statement, without charge, (i) after the same is prepared and filed with the SEC, at least one (1) copy of each Registration Statement and any amendment(s) and supplement(s) thereto, including, without limitation, financial statements and schedules, all documents incorporated therein by reference, if requested by an Investor, all exhibits and each preliminary prospectus, (ii) upon the effectiveness of each Registration Statement, ten (10) copies of the prospectus included in such Registration Statement and all amendments and supplements thereto (or such other number of copies as such Investor may reasonably request from time to time) and (iii) such other documents, including, without limitation, copies of any preliminary or final prospectus, as such Investor may reasonably request from time to time in order to facilitate the disposition of the Registrable Securities owned by such Investor.

(e) The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to (i) register and qualify, unless an exemption from registration and qualification applies, the resale by Investors of the Registrable Securities covered by a Registration Statement under such other securities or blue sky laws of all applicable jurisdictions in the United States, (ii) prepare and file in those jurisdictions, such amendments (including, without limitation, post-effective amendments) and supplements to such registrations and qualifications as may be necessary to maintain the effectiveness thereof during the Registration Period, (iii) take such other actions as may be necessary to maintain such registrations and qualifications in effect at all times during the Registration Period, and (iv) take all other actions reasonably necessary or advisable to qualify the Registrable Securities for sale in such jurisdictions; provided, however, the Company shall not be required in connection therewith or as a condition thereto to (x) qualify to do business in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to qualify but for this Section 3(e), (y) subject itself to general taxation in any such jurisdiction, or (z) file a general consent to service of process in any such jurisdiction. The Company shall promptly notify Legal Counsel, legal counsel for each other Investor and each Investor who holds Registrable Securities of the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the registration or qualification of any of the Registrable Securities for sale under the securities or blue sky laws of any jurisdiction in the United States or its receipt of actual notice of the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose.

9

(f) The Company shall notify Legal Counsel, legal counsel for each other Investor and each Investor in writing of the happening of any event, as promptly as practicable after becoming aware of such event, as a result of which the prospectus included in a Registration Statement, as then in effect, may include an untrue statement of a material fact or omission to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading (provided that in no event shall such notice contain any material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries), and, subject to Section 3(r), promptly prepare a supplement or amendment to such Registration Statement and such prospectus contained therein to correct such untrue statement or omission and deliver ten (10) copies of such supplement or amendment to Legal Counsel, legal counsel for each other Investor and each Investor (or such other number of copies as Legal Counsel, legal counsel for each other Investor or such Investor may reasonably request). The Company shall also promptly notify Legal Counsel, legal counsel for each other Investor and each Investor in writing (i) when a prospectus or any prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment has been filed, when a Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment has become effective (notification of such effectiveness shall be delivered to Legal Counsel, legal counsel for each other Investor and each Investor by facsimile or e-mail on the same day of such effectiveness and by overnight mail), and when the Company receives written notice from the SEC that a Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment will be reviewed by the SEC, (ii) of any request by the SEC for amendments or supplements to a Registration Statement or related prospectus or related information, (iii) of the Companys reasonable determination that a post-effective amendment to a Registration Statement would be appropriate; and (iv) of the receipt of any request by the SEC or any other federal or state governmental authority for any additional information relating to the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement thereto or any related prospectus. The Company shall respond as promptly as practicable to any comments received from the SEC with respect to each Registration Statement or any amendment thereto (it being understood and agreed that the Companys response to any such comments shall be delivered to the SEC no later than fifteen (15) Business Days after the receipt thereof).

(g) The Company shall (i) use its reasonable best efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order or other suspension of effectiveness of each Registration Statement or the use of any prospectus contained therein, or the suspension of the qualification, or the loss of an exemption from qualification, of any of the Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction and, if such an order or suspension is issued, to obtain the withdrawal of such order or suspension at the earliest possible moment and (ii) notify Legal Counsel, legal counsel for each other Investor and each Investor who holds Registrable Securities of the issuance of such order and the resolution thereof or its receipt of actual notice of the initiation or threat of any proceeding for such purpose.

(h) If any Investor may be required under applicable securities law to be described in any Registration Statement as an underwriter and such Investor consents to so being named an underwriter, at the request of any Investor, the Company shall furnish to such Investor, on the date of the effectiveness of such Registration Statement and thereafter from time to time on such dates as an Investor may reasonably request (i) a letter, dated such date, from the Companys independent certified public accountants in form and substance as is customarily given by independent certified public accountants to underwriters in an underwritten public offering, addressed to the Investors, and (ii) an opinion, dated as of such date, of counsel representing the Company for purposes of such Registration Statement, in form, scope and substance as is customarily given in an underwritten public offering, addressed to the Investors.

10

(i) If any Investor may be required under applicable securities law to be described in any Registration Statement as an underwriter and such Investor consents to so being named an underwriter, upon the written request of such Investor, the Company shall make available for inspection by (i) such Investor, (ii) legal counsel for such Investor and (iii) one (1) firm of accountants or other agents retained by such Investor (collectively, the Inspectors), all pertinent financial and other records, and pertinent corporate documents and properties of the Company (collectively, the Records), as shall be reasonably deemed necessary by each Inspector, and cause the Companys officers, directors and employees to supply all information which any Inspector may reasonably request; provided, however, each Inspector shall agree in writing to hold in strict confidence and not to make any disclosure (except to such Investor) or use of any Record or other information which the Companys board of directors determines in good faith to be confidential, and of which determination the Inspectors are so notified, unless (1) the disclosure of such Records is necessary to avoid or correct a misstatement or omission in any Registration Statement or is otherwise required under the 1933 Act, (2) the release of such Records is ordered pursuant to a final, non-appealable subpoena or order from a court or government body of competent jurisdiction, or (3) the information in such Records has been made generally available to the public other than by disclosure in violation of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement). Such Investor agrees that it shall, upon learning that disclosure of such Records is sought in or by a court or governmental body of competent jurisdiction or through other means, give prompt notice to the Company and allow the Company, at its expense, to undertake appropriate action to prevent disclosure of, or to obtain a protective order for, the Records deemed confidential. Nothing herein (or in any other confidentiality agreement between the Company and such Investor, if any) shall be deemed to limit any Investors ability to sell Registrable Securities in a manner which is otherwise consistent with applicable laws and regulations.

(j) The Company shall hold in confidence and not make any disclosure of information concerning an Investor provided to the Company unless (i) disclosure of such information is necessary to comply with federal or state securities laws, (ii) the disclosure of such information is necessary to avoid or correct a misstatement or omission in any Registration Statement or is otherwise required to be disclosed in such Registration Statement pursuant to the 1933 Act, (iii) the release of such information is ordered pursuant to a subpoena or other final, non-appealable order from a court or governmental body of competent jurisdiction, or (iv) such information has been made generally available to the public other than by disclosure in violation of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document. The Company agrees that it shall, upon learning that disclosure of such information concerning an Investor is sought in or by a court or governmental body of competent jurisdiction or through other means, give prompt written notice to such Investor and allow such Investor, at such Investors expense, to undertake appropriate action to prevent disclosure of, or to obtain a protective order for, such information.

11

(k) Without limiting any obligation of the Company under the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts either to (i) cause all of the Registrable Securities covered by each Registration Statement to be listed on each securities exchange on which securities of the same class or series issued by the Company are then listed, if any, if the listing of such Registrable Securities is then permitted under the rules of such exchange, (ii) secure designation and quotation of all of the Registrable Securities covered by each Registration Statement on an Eligible Market (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement), or (iii) if, despite the Companys best efforts to satisfy the preceding clauses (i) or (ii) the Company is unsuccessful in satisfying the preceding clauses (i) or (ii), without limiting the generality of the foregoing, to use its best efforts to arrange for at least two market makers to register with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) as such with respect to such Registrable Securities. In addition, the Company shall cooperate with each Investor and any broker or dealer through which any such Investor proposes to sell its Registrable Securities in effecting a filing with FINRA pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110 as requested by such Investor. The Company shall pay all fees and expenses in connection with satisfying its obligations under this Section 3(k).

(l) The Company shall cooperate with the Investors who hold Registrable Securities being offered and, to the extent applicable, facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of certificates (not bearing any restrictive legend) representing the Registrable Securities to be offered pursuant to a Registration Statement and enable such certificates to be in such denominations or amounts (as the case may be) as the Investors may reasonably request from time to time and registered in such names as the Investors may request.

(m) If requested by an Investor, the Company shall as soon as practicable after receipt of notice from such Investor and subject to Section 3(r) hereof, (i) incorporate in a prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment such information as an Investor reasonably requests to be included therein relating to the sale and distribution of Registrable Securities, including, without limitation, information with respect to the number of Registrable Securities being offered or sold, the purchase price being paid therefor and any other terms of the offering of the Registrable Securities to be sold in such offering; (ii) make all required filings of such prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment after being notified of the matters to be incorporated in such prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment; and (iii) supplement or make amendments to any Registration Statement or prospectus contained therein if reasonably requested by an Investor holding any Registrable Securities.

(n) The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause the Registrable Securities covered by a Registration Statement to be registered with or approved by such other governmental agencies or authorities as may be necessary to consummate the disposition of such Registrable Securities.

(o) The Company shall make generally available to its security holders as soon as practical, but not later than ninety (90) days after the close of the period covered thereby, an earnings statement (in form complying with, and in the manner provided by, the provisions of Rule 158 under the 1933 Act) covering a twelve-month period beginning not later than the first day of the Companys fiscal quarter next following the applicable Effective Date of each Registration Statement.

(p) The Company shall otherwise use its reasonable best efforts to comply with all applicable rules and regulations of the SEC in connection with any registration hereunder.

12

(q) Within one (1) Business Day after a Registration Statement which covers Registrable Securities is declared effective by the SEC, the Company shall deliver, and shall cause legal counsel for the Company to deliver, to the transfer agent for such Registrable Securities (with copies to the Investors whose Registrable Securities are included in such Registration Statement) confirmation that such Registration Statement has been declared effective by the SEC in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A.

(r) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein (but subject to the last sentence of this Section 3(r)), at any time after the Effective Date of a particular Registration Statement, the Company may delay the disclosure of material, non-public information concerning the Company or any of its Subsidiaries the disclosure of which at the time is not, in the good faith opinion of the board of directors of the Company, in the best interest of the Company and, in the opinion of counsel to the Company, otherwise required (a Grace Period), provided that the Company shall promptly notify the Investors in writing of the (i) existence of material, non-public information giving rise to a Grace Period (provided that in each such notice the Company shall not disclose the content of such material, non-public information to any of the Investors) and the date on which such Grace Period will begin and (ii) date on which such Grace Period ends, provided further that (I) no Grace Period shall exceed fourteen (14) consecutive days and during any three hundred sixty five (365) day period all such Grace Periods shall not exceed an aggregate of thirty (30) days, (II) the first day of any Grace Period must be at least five (5) Trading Days after the last day of any prior Grace Period and (III) no Grace Period may exist during the sixty (60) Trading Day period immediately following the Effective Date of such Registration Statement (provided that such sixty (60) Trading Day period shall be extended by the number of Trading Days during such period and any extension thereof contemplated by this proviso during which such Registration Statement is not effective or the prospectus contained therein is not available for use) (each, an Allowable Grace Period). For purposes of determining the length of a Grace Period above, such Grace Period shall begin on and include the date the Investors receive the notice referred to in clause (i) above and shall end on and include the later of the date the Investors receive the notice referred to in clause (ii) above and the date referred to in such notice. The provisions of Section 3(g) hereof shall not be applicable during the period of any Allowable Grace Period. Upon expiration of each Grace Period, the Company shall again be bound by the first sentence of Section 3(f) with respect to the information giving rise thereto unless such material, non-public information is no longer applicable. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 3(r), the Company shall cause its transfer agent to deliver unlegended shares of Common Stock to a transferee of an Investor in accordance with the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement in connection with any sale of Registrable Securities with respect to which such Investor has entered into a contract for sale, and delivered a copy of the prospectus included as part of the particular Registration Statement to the extent applicable, prior to such Investors receipt of the notice of a Grace Period and for which the Investor has not yet settled.

(s) The Company shall take all other reasonable actions necessary to expedite and facilitate disposition by each Investors of its Registrable Securities pursuant to each Registration Statement.

13

(t) Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary or affiliate thereof shall identify any Investor as an underwriter in any public disclosure or filing with the SEC, the Principal Market or any Eligible Market and any Buyer being deemed an underwriter by the SEC shall not relieve the Company of any obligations it has under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement); provided, however, that the foregoing shall not prohibit the Company from including the disclosure found in the "Plan of Distribution" section attached hereto as Exhibit B in the Registration Statement.

(u) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has entered, as of the date hereof, nor shall the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, on or after the date of this Agreement, enter into any agreement with respect to its securities, that would have the effect of impairing the rights granted to the Buyers in this Agreement or otherwise conflicts with the provisions hereof.

4. Obligations of the Investors.

(a) At least five (5) Business Days prior to the first anticipated filing date of each Registration Statement, the Company shall notify each Investor in writing of the information the Company requires from each such Investor with respect to such Registration Statement. It shall be a condition precedent to the obligations of the Company to complete the registration pursuant to this Agreement with respect to the Registrable Securities of a particular Investor that such Investor shall furnish to the Company such information regarding itself, the Registrable Securities held by it and the intended method of disposition of the Registrable Securities held by it, as shall be reasonably required to effect and maintain the effectiveness of the registration of such Registrable Securities and shall execute such documents in connection with such registration as the Company may reasonably request.

(b) Each Investor, by such Investors acceptance of the Registrable Securities, agrees to cooperate with the Company as reasonably requested by the Company in connection with the preparation and filing of each Registration Statement hereunder, unless such Investor has notified the Company in writing of such Investors election to exclude all of such Investors Registrable Securities from such Registration Statement.

(c) Each Investor agrees that, upon receipt of any notice from the Company of the happening of any event of the kind described in Section 3(g) or the first sentence of 3(f), such Investor will immediately discontinue disposition of Registrable Securities pursuant to any Registration Statement(s) covering such Registrable Securities until such Investors receipt of the copies of the supplemented or amended prospectus contemplated by Section 3(g) or the first sentence of Section 3(f) or receipt of notice that no supplement or amendment is required. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 4(c), the Company shall cause its transfer agent to deliver unlegended shares of Common Stock to a transferee of an Investor in accordance with the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement in connection with any sale of Registrable Securities with respect to which such Investor has entered into a contract for sale prior to the Investors receipt of a notice from the Company of the happening of any event of the kind described in Section 3(g) or the first sentence of Section 3(f) and for which such Investor has not yet settled.

5. Expenses of Registration.

All reasonable expenses, other than underwriting discounts and commissions, incurred in connection with registrations, filings or qualifications pursuant to Sections 2 and 3, including, without limitation, all registration, listing and qualifications fees, printers and accounting fees, FINRA filing fees (if any) and fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company shall be paid by the Company. The Company shall reimburse Legal Counsel for its fees and disbursements in connection with registration, filing or qualification pursuant to Sections 2 and 3 of this Agreement which amount shall be limited to $10,000 for each such registration, filing or qualification.

14

6. Indemnification.

(a) To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Company will, and hereby does, indemnify, hold harmless and defend each Investor and each of its directors, officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees, agents, advisors, representatives (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding the lack of such title or any other title) and each Person, if any, who controls such Investor within the meaning of the 1933 Act or the 1934 Act and each of the directors, officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees, agents, advisors, representatives (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding the lack of such title or any other title) of such controlling Persons (each, an Indemnified Person), against any losses, obligations, claims, damages, liabilities, contingencies, judgments, fines, penalties, charges, costs (including, without limitation, court costs, reasonable attorneys fees and costs of defense and investigation), amounts paid in settlement or expenses, joint or several, (collectively, Claims) incurred in investigating, preparing or defending any action, claim, suit, inquiry, proceeding, investigation or appeal taken from the foregoing by or before any court or governmental, administrative or other regulatory agency, body or the SEC, whether pending or threatened, whether or not an Indemnified Person is or may be a party thereto (Indemnified Damages), to which any of them may become subject insofar as such Claims (or actions or proceedings, whether commenced or threatened, in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon: (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact in a Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto or in any filing made in connection with the qualification of the offering under the securities or other blue sky laws of any jurisdiction in which Registrable Securities are offered (Blue Sky Filing), or the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, (ii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any preliminary prospectus if used prior to the effective date of such Registration Statement, or contained in the final prospectus (as amended or supplemented, if the Company files any amendment thereof or supplement thereto with the SEC) or the omission or alleged omission to state therein any material fact necessary to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which the statements therein were made, not misleading or (iii) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act, any other law, including, without limitation, any state securities law, or any rule or regulation thereunder relating to the offer or sale of the Registrable Securities pursuant to a Registration Statement or (iv) any violation of this Agreement (the matters in the foregoing clauses (i) through (iv) being, collectively, Violations). Subject to Section 6(c), the Company shall reimburse the Indemnified Persons, promptly as such expenses are incurred and are due and payable, for any legal fees or other reasonable expenses incurred by them in connection with investigating or defending any such Claim. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the indemnification agreement contained in this Section 6(a): (i) shall not apply to a Claim by an Indemnified Person arising out of or based upon a Violation which occurs in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished in writing to the Company by such Indemnified Person for such Indemnified Person expressly for use in connection with the preparation of such Registration Statement or any such amendment thereof or supplement thereto, if such prospectus was timely made available by the Company pursuant to Section 3(d); and (ii) shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any Claim if such settlement is effected without the prior written consent of the Company, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Indemnified Person and shall survive the transfer of any of the Registrable Securities by any of the Investors pursuant to Section 9.

15

(b) In connection with any Registration Statement in which an Investor is participating, such Investor agrees to severally and not jointly indemnify, hold harmless and defend, to the same extent and in the same manner as is set forth in Section 6(a), the Company, each of its directors, each of its officers who signs the Registration Statement and each Person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of the 1933 Act or the 1934 Act (each, an Indemnified Party), against any Claim or Indemnified Damages to which any of them may become subject, under the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act or otherwise, insofar as such Claim or Indemnified Damages arise out of or are based upon any Violation, in each case, to the extent, and only to the extent, that such Violation occurs in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by such Investor expressly for use in connection with such Registration Statement; and, subject to Section 6(c) and the below provisos in this Section 6(b), such Investor will reimburse an Indemnified Party any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such Indemnified Party in connection with investigating or defending any such Claim; provided, however, the indemnity agreement contained in this Section 6(b) and the agreement with respect to contribution contained in Section 7 shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any Claim if such settlement is effected without the prior written consent of such Investor, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, provided further that such Investor shall be liable under this Section 6(b) for only that amount of a Claim or Indemnified Damages as does not exceed the net proceeds to such Investor as a result of the applicable sale of Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement. Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of such Indemnified Party and shall survive the transfer of any of the Registrable Securities by any of the Investors pursuant to Section 9.

16

(c) Promptly after receipt by an Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party (as the case may be) under this Section 6 of notice of the commencement of any action or proceeding (including, without limitation, any governmental action or proceeding) involving a Claim, such Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party (as the case may be) shall, if a Claim in respect thereof is to be made against any indemnifying party under this Section 6, deliver to the indemnifying party a written notice of the commencement thereof, and the indemnifying party shall have the right to participate in, and, to the extent the indemnifying party so desires, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly noticed, to assume control of the defense thereof with counsel mutually satisfactory to the indemnifying party and the Indemnified Person or the Indemnified Party (as the case may be); provided, however, an Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party (as the case may be) shall have the right to retain its own counsel with the fees and expenses of such counsel to be paid by the indemnifying party if: (i) the indemnifying party has agreed in writing to pay such fees and expenses; (ii) the indemnifying party shall have failed promptly to assume the defense of such Claim and to employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party (as the case may be) in any such Claim; or (iii) the named parties to any such Claim (including, without limitation, any impleaded parties) include both such Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party (as the case may be) and the indemnifying party, and such Indemnified Person or such Indemnified Party (as the case may be) shall have been advised by counsel that a conflict of interest is likely to exist if the same counsel were to represent such Indemnified Person or such Indemnified Party and the indemnifying party (in which case, if such Indemnified Person or such Indemnified Party (as the case may be) notifies the indemnifying party in writing that it elects to employ separate counsel at the expense of the indemnifying party, then the indemnifying party shall not have the right to assume the defense thereof and such counsel shall be at the expense of the indemnifying party, provided further that in the case of clause (iii) above the indemnifying party shall not be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of more than one (1) separate legal counsel for such Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party (as the case may be). The Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person (as the case may be) shall reasonably cooperate with the indemnifying party in connection with any negotiation or defense of any such action or Claim by the indemnifying party and shall furnish to the indemnifying party all information reasonably available to the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person (as the case may be) which relates to such action or Claim. The indemnifying party shall keep the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person (as the case may be) reasonably apprised at all times as to the status of the defense or any settlement negotiations with respect thereto. No indemnifying party shall be liable for any settlement of any action, claim or proceeding effected without its prior written consent; provided, however, the indemnifying party shall not unreasonably withhold, delay or condition its consent. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person (as the case may be), consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement or other compromise which does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person (as the case may be) of a release from all liability in respect to such Claim or litigation, and such settlement shall not include any admission as to fault on the part of the Indemnified Party. Following indemnification as provided for hereunder, the indemnifying party shall be subrogated to all rights of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person (as the case may be) with respect to all third parties, firms or corporations relating to the matter for which indemnification has been made. The failure to deliver written notice to the indemnifying party within a reasonable time of the commencement of any such action shall not relieve such indemnifying party of any liability to the Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party (as the case may be) under this Section 6, except to the extent that the indemnifying party is materially and adversely prejudiced in its ability to defend such action.

(d) The indemnification required by this Section 6 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or Indemnified Damages are incurred.

(e) The indemnity and contribution agreements contained herein shall be in addition to (i) any cause of action or similar right of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person against the indemnifying party or others, and (ii) any liabilities the indemnifying party may be subject to pursuant to the law.

17

7. Contribution.

To the extent any indemnification by an indemnifying party is prohibited or limited by law, the indemnifying party agrees to make the maximum contribution with respect to any amounts for which it would otherwise be liable under Section 6 to the fullest extent permitted by law; provided, however: (i) no contribution shall be made under circumstances where the maker would not have been liable for indemnification under the fault standards set forth in Section 6 of this Agreement, (ii) no Person involved in the sale of Registrable Securities which Person is guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the 1933 Act) in connection with such sale shall be entitled to contribution from any Person involved in such sale of Registrable Securities who was not guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation; and (iii) contribution by any seller of Registrable Securities shall be limited in amount to the amount of net proceeds received by such seller from the applicable sale of such Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 7, no Investor shall be required to contribute, in the aggregate, any amount in excess of the amount by which the net proceeds actually received by such Investor from the applicable sale of the Registrable Securities subject to the Claim exceeds the amount of any damages that such Investor has otherwise been required to pay, or would otherwise be required to pay under Section 6(b), by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission.

8. Reports Under the 1934 Act.

With a view to making available to the Investors the benefits of Rule 144, the Company agrees to:

(a) make and keep public information available, as those terms are understood and defined in Rule 144;

(b) file with the SEC in a timely manner all reports and other documents required of the Company under the 1933 Act and the 1934 Act so long as the Company remains subject to such requirements (it being understood and agreed that nothing herein shall limit any obligations of the Company under the Securities Purchase Agreement) and the filing of such reports and other documents is required for the applicable provisions of Rule 144; and

(c) furnish to each Investor so long as such Investor owns Registrable Securities, promptly upon request, (i) a written statement by the Company, if true, that it has complied with the reporting, submission and posting requirements of Rule 144, the 1933 Act and the 1934 Act, (ii) a copy of the most recent annual or quarterly report of the Company and such other reports and documents so filed by the Company with the SEC if such reports are not publicly available via EDGAR, and (iii) such other information as may be reasonably requested to permit the Investors to sell such securities pursuant to Rule 144 without registration.

18

9. Assignment of Registration Rights.

All or any portion of the rights under this Agreement shall be automatically assignable by each Investor to any transferee or assignee (as the case may be) of all or any portion of such Investors Registrable Securities or Preferred Shares if: (i) such Investor agrees in writing with such transferee or assignee (as the case may be) to assign all or any portion of such rights, and a copy of such agreement is furnished to the Company within a reasonable time after such transfer or assignment (as the case may be); (ii) the Company is, within a reasonable time after such transfer or assignment (as the case may be), furnished with written notice of (a) the name and address of such transferee or assignee (as the case may be), and (b) the securities with respect to which such registration rights are being transferred or assigned (as the case may be); (iii) immediately following such transfer or assignment (as the case may be) the further disposition of such securities by such transferee or assignee (as the case may be) is restricted under the 1933 Act or applicable state securities laws if so required; (iv) at or before the time the Company receives the written notice contemplated by clause (ii) of this sentence such transferee or assignee (as the case may be) agrees in writing with the Company to be bound by all of the provisions contained herein; (v) such transfer or assignment (as the case may be) shall have been made in accordance with the applicable requirements of the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Certificate of Designations and the Preferred Shares (as the case may be); and (vi) such transfer or assignment (as the case may be) shall have been conducted in accordance with all applicable federal and state securities laws.

10. Amendment of Registration Rights.

Provisions of this Agreement may be amended and the observance thereof may be waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either retroactively or prospectively), only with the written consent of the Company and the Required Holders; provided that any such amendment or waiver that complies with the foregoing, but that disproportionately, materially and adversely affects the rights and obligations of any Investor relative to the comparable rights and obligations of the other Investors shall require the prior written consent of such adversely affected Investor. Any amendment or waiver effected in accordance with this Section 10 shall be binding upon each Investor and the Company, provided that no such amendment shall be effective to the extent that it (1) applies to less than all of the holders of Registrable Securities or (2) imposes any obligation or liability on any Investor without such Investors prior written consent (which may be granted or withheld in such Investors sole discretion). No waiver shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by an authorized representative of the waiving party. No consideration shall be offered or paid to any Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of this Agreement unless the same consideration (other than the reimbursement of legal fees) also is offered to all of the parties to this Agreement.

11. Miscellaneous.

(a) Solely for purposes of this Agreement, a Person is deemed to be a holder of Registrable Securities whenever such Person owns, or is deemed to own, of record such Registrable Securities. If the Company receives conflicting instructions, notices or elections from two or more Persons with respect to the same Registrable Securities, the Company shall act upon the basis of instructions, notice or election received from such record owner of such Registrable Securities.

19

(b) Any notices, consents, waivers or other communications required or permitted to be given under the terms of this Agreement must be in writing and will be deemed to have been delivered: (i) upon receipt, when delivered personally; (ii) upon receipt, when sent by facsimile (provided confirmation of transmission is mechanically or electronically generated and kept on file by the sending party) or electronic mail (provided that such sent email is kept on file (whether electronically or otherwise) by the sending party and the sending party does not receive an automatically generated message from the recipient's email server that such e-mail could not be delivered to such recipient); or (iii) one (1) Business Day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight delivery service with next day delivery specified, in each case, properly addressed to the party to receive the same. The addresses, facsimile numbers and email addresses for such communications shall be:

If to the Company:

Classover Holdings, Inc.

8 The Green, #18195

Dover, Delaware 19901

Telephone: (929) 465-9707

Attention: Chief Executive Officer

Email: morgan@batteryfuture.com

With a copy (for informational purposes only) to:

Graubard Miller

405 Lexington Avenue, 44th Floor

New York, New York 10174

Telephone: (212) 818-8800

Attention: Jeffrey M. Gallant; Eric T. Schwartz

Email: jgallant@graubard.com; eschwartz@graubard.com

If to the Transfer Agent:

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

One State Street

New York, New York 10004

Attention: Account Administrator

If to Legal Counsel:

Kelley Drye & Warren LLP

3 World Trade Center

175 Greenwich Street

New York, NY 10007

Telephone: (212) 808-7540

Facsimile: (212) 808-7897

Attention: Michael A. Adelstein, Esq.

E-mail: madelstein@kelleydrye.com

If to a Buyer, to its address, facsimile number and/or email address set forth on the Schedule of Buyers attached to the Securities Purchase Agreement, with copies to such Buyers representatives as set forth on the Schedule of Buyers, or to such other address, facsimile number, and/or email address and/or to the attention of such other Person as the recipient party has specified by written notice given to each other party five (5) days prior to the effectiveness of such change, provided that Kelley Drye & Warren LLP shall only be provided notices sent to the lead investor. Written confirmation of receipt (A) given by the recipient of such notice, consent, waiver or other communication, (B) mechanically or electronically generated by the senders facsimile machine or email containing the time, date, recipient facsimile number or email address and an image of the first page of such transmission or (C) provided by a courier or overnight courier service shall be rebuttable evidence of personal service, receipt by facsimile or receipt from a nationally recognized overnight delivery service in accordance with clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above, respectively.

20

(c) Failure of any party to exercise any right or remedy under this Agreement or otherwise, or delay by a party in exercising such right or remedy, shall not operate as a waiver thereof. The Company and each Investor acknowledge and agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed that each party hereto shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent or cure breaches of the provisions of this Agreement by any other party hereto and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof (without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required), this being in addition to any other remedy to which any party may be entitled by law or equity.

(d) All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by the internal laws of the State of Delware, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Delware or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of Delware. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in Wilmington, Delaware, for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof to such party at the address for such notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

(e) If any provision of this Agreement is prohibited by law or otherwise determined to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the provision that would otherwise be prohibited, invalid or unenforceable shall be deemed amended to apply to the broadest extent that it would be valid and enforceable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Agreement so long as this Agreement as so modified continues to express, without material change, the original intentions of the parties as to the subject matter hereof and the prohibited nature, invalidity or unenforceability of the provision(s) in question does not substantially impair the respective expectations or reciprocal obligations of the parties or the practical realization of the benefits that would otherwise be conferred upon the parties. The parties will endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the prohibited, invalid or unenforceable provision(s) with a valid provision(s), the effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the prohibited, invalid or unenforceable provision(s).

21

(f) This Agreement, the other Transaction Documents, the schedules and exhibits attached hereto and thereto and the instruments referenced herein and therein constitute the entire agreement among the parties hereto and thereto solely with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof. There are no restrictions, promises, warranties or undertakings, other than those set forth or referred to herein and therein. This Agreement, the other Transaction Documents, the schedules and exhibits attached hereto and thereto and the instruments referenced herein and therein supersede all prior agreements and understandings among the parties hereto solely with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof; provided, however, nothing contained in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document shall (or shall be deemed to) (i) have any effect on any agreements any Investor has entered into with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries prior to the date hereof with respect to any prior investment made by such Investor in the Company, (ii) waive, alter, modify or amend in any respect any obligations of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any rights of or benefits to any Investor or any other Person in any agreement entered into prior to the date hereof between or among the Company and/or any of its Subsidiaries and any Investor and all such agreements shall continue in full force and effect or (iii) limit any obligations of the Company under any of the other Transaction Documents.

(g) Subject to compliance with Section 9 (if applicable), this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the permitted successors and assigns of each of the parties hereto. This Agreement is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any Person, other than the parties hereto, their respective permitted successors and assigns and the Persons referred to in Sections 6 and 7 hereof.

(h) The headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning hereof. Unless the context clearly indicates otherwise, each pronoun herein shall be deemed to include the masculine, feminine, neuter, singular and plural forms thereof. The terms including, includes, include and words of like import shall be construed broadly as if followed by the words without limitation. The terms herein, hereunder, hereof and words of like import refer to this entire Agreement instead of just the provision in which they are found.

(i) This Agreement may be executed in two or more identical counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or by an email which contains a portable document format (.pdf) file of an executed signature page, such signature page shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such signature page were an original thereof.

22

(j) Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents as any other party may reasonably request in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

(k) The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in Section 10, terms used in this Agreement but defined in the other Transaction Documents shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms on the Closing Date in such other Transaction Documents unless otherwise consented to in writing by each Investor.

(l) All consents and other determinations required to be made by the Investors pursuant to this Agreement shall be made, unless otherwise specified in this Agreement, by the Required Holders, determined as if all of the outstanding Preferred Shares then held by the Investors have been converted for Registrable Securities without regard to any limitations on redemption, amortization and/or conversion of the Preferred Shares then held by Investors.

(m) This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and assigns, and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person.

(n) The obligations of each Investor under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents are several and not joint with the obligations of any other Investor, and no Investor shall be responsible in any way for the performance of the obligations of any other Investor under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or in any other Transaction Document, and no action taken by any Investor pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Investors as, and the Company acknowledges that the Investors do not so constitute, a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of group or entity, or create a presumption that the Investors are in any way acting in concert or as a group or entity with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents or any matters, and the Company acknowledges that the Investors are not acting in concert or as a group, and the Company shall not assert any such claim, with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any of the other the Transaction Documents. Each Investor shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce its rights, including, without limitation, the rights arising out of this Agreement or out of any other Transaction Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any other Investor to be joined as an additional party in any proceeding for such purpose. The use of a single agreement with respect to the obligations of the Company contained herein was solely in the control of the Company, not the action or decision of any Investor, and was done solely for the convenience of the Company and not because it was required or requested to do so by any Investor. It is expressly understood and agreed that each provision contained in this Agreement and in each other Transaction Document is between the Company and an Investor, solely, and not between the Company and the Investors collectively and not between and among Investors.

[signature page follows]

23

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each Buyer and the Company have caused their respective signature page to this Registration Rights Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first written above.

COMPANY:

CLASSOVER HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: 

/s/ Hui Luo 

Name: Hui Luo 

Title: CEO 

24

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each Buyer and the Company have caused their respective signature page to this Registration Rights Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first written above.

BUYERS:

[________] 

By: 

/s/ 

Name: 

Title: 

25
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21.1
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>class_ex211.htm
<DESCRIPTION>SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT
<TEXT>
class_ex211.htm

EXHIBIT 21.1

Subsidiaries of the Registrant

All listed subsidiaries are wholly owned by the Corporation, directly or indirectly, unless otherwise noted.

Name 

Jurisdiction of Organization

Battery Future Acquisition Corp. 

Cayman Islands

Class Over Inc. 

Delaware
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>class-20250404.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>class-20250404_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Document Period End Date 

Entity Ex Transition Period 

Entity File Number 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address Address Line 1 

Entity Address Address Line 2 

Entity Address City Or Town 

Entity Address State Or Province 

Entity Address Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Local Phone Number 

Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Class of Stock [Axis] 

Class B Common Shares 

Redeemable Warrant
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.CAL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>class-20250404_cal.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>class-20250404_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>class-20250404_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 04, 2025

Document Information Line Items 

Entity Registrant Name CLASSOVER HOLDINGS, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0002022308

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Document Period End Date Apr. 04, 2025

Entity Ex Transition Period false

Entity File Number 001-42588

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity Tax Identification Number 99-2827182

Entity Address Address Line 1 450 7th Avenue

Entity Address Address Line 2 Suite 905

Entity Address City Or Town New York

Entity Address State Or Province NY

Entity Address Postal Zip Code 10123

City Area Code 800

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Local Phone Number 345-9588

Class B Common Shares 

Document Information Line Items 

Security 12b Title Class B Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol KIDZ

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Redeemable Warrant 

Document Information Line Items 

Security 12b Title Redeemable warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class B Common Stock, each at an exercise price of $11.50 per share

Trading Symbol KIDZW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=class_ClassBCommonSharesMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=class_RedeemableWarrantMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
3 
25 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://class.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

class-20250404.xsd 
class-20250404_cal.xml 
class-20250404_def.xml 
class-20250404_lab.xml 
class-20250404_pre.xml 
class_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
true
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>0001929980-25-000257-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>class_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0002022308 

2025-04-04 
2025-04-04 

0002022308 

class:ClassBCommonSharesMember 

2025-04-04 
2025-04-04 

0002022308 

class:RedeemableWarrantMember 

2025-04-04 
2025-04-04 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

0002022308 
false 
--12-31 
8-K 
2025-04-04 
CLASSOVER HOLDINGS, INC. 
DE 
001-42588 
99-2827182 
450 7th Avenue 
Suite 905 
New York 
NY 
10123 
800 
345-9588 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class B Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
KIDZ 
NASDAQ 
Redeemable warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class B Common Stock, each at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 
KIDZW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>