<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-007774.txt : 20250116
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-007774.hdr.sgml : 20250116
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250116170349
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-007774
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		30
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250114
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250116
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250116

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Li-Cycle Holdings Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001828811
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	HAZARDOUS WASTE MANAGEMENT [4955]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			A6
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1031

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40733
		FILM NUMBER:		25536294

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O LI-CYCLE CORP.
		STREET 2:		10-2351 ROYAL WINDSOR DRIVE
		CITY:			MISSISSAUGA
		STATE:			A6
		ZIP:			L5J 4S7
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4165833509

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O LI-CYCLE CORP.
		STREET 2:		10-2351 ROYAL WINDSOR DRIVE
		CITY:			MISSISSAUGA
		STATE:			A6
		ZIP:			L5J 4S7
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d867622d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

00-0000000false000182881100018288112025-01-142025-01-14

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 14, 2025

Li-Cycle Holdings Corp.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Province of Ontario, Canada 001-40733 Not Applicable

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

207 Queens Quay West, Suite 590, Toronto, ONM5J IA7, Canada

(Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)

(877) 542-9253

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

Not Applicable.

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common shares, without par value LICY New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On January 15, 2025, Li-Cycle Holdings Corp. (the Company) entered into an underwriting agreement (the Underwriting Agreement) with Aegis Capital Corp. (Aegis or the Underwriter), pursuant to which the Company agreed to offer and sell, in an underwritten public offering in the United States (the Offering), an aggregate of (i) 5,000,000 units (the Units), each consisting of (a) one common share, without par value, of the Company (each, a CommonShare), (b) one eight-month warrant to purchase one Common Share (the Series A Warrants) and (c) one five-year warrant to purchase one Common Share (the Series B Warrants) and (ii) in lieu of Units, 10,000,000 pre-funded units (the Pre-Funded Units), each consisting of (a) one pre-funded warrant to purchase one Common Share (the Pre-Funded Warrants and, together with the Series A Warrants and the Series B Warrants, the Warrants), (b) one Series A Warrant and (c) one Series B Warrant.

The public offering price per Unit is $1.00 and the public offering price per Pre-Funded Unit is $0.99999, which is equal to the public offering price per Unit minus the exercise price of $0.00001 per Pre-Funded Warrant. The initial exercise price of each Series A Warrant is $1.00 per Common Share. The Series A Warrants will be immediately exercisable and will expire on the eight-month anniversary of the initial date of issuance of the Series A Warrants. The initial exercise price of each Series B Warrant is $1.00 per Common Share. The Series B Warrants will be immediately exercisable and will expire on the five-year anniversary of the initial date of issuance of the Series B Warrants.

Additionally, the Company granted Aegis a 45-day option to purchase up to 2,250,000 additional Common Shares (15.0% of the Common Shares included in the Units and the Pre-Funded Units sold in the Offering), at a price of $0.99998 per Common Share; and/or up to 2,250,000 additional Series A Warrants to purchase an aggregate of an additional 2,250,000 Common Shares (15.0% of the Series A Warrants included in the Units and Pre-Funded Units sold in the Offering) at a price of $0.00001 per Series A Warrant; and/or up to 2,250,000 additional Series B Warrants to purchase an aggregate of an additional 2,250,000 Common Shares (15.0% of the Series B Warrants included in the Units and Pre-Funded Units sold in the Offering) at a price of $0.00001 per Series B Warrant. The Underwriter may exercise this option with respect to the Common Shares only, Series A Warrants only, Series B Warrants only, or any combination thereof. On January 16, 2025, Aegis exercised its over-allotment option with respect to 2,250,000 Series A Warrants and 2,250,000 Series B Warrants.

The Offering was made pursuant to that certain Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-278010), which was filed on March 15, 2024 and declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on March 29, 2024, including the prospectus contained therein and a prospectus supplement dated January 15, 2025, filed with the SEC on January 16, 2025.

In connection with the Offering, on January 14, 2025, the Company entered into a letter agreement with Glencore Canada Corporation (Glencore) (the Glencore Consent and Waiver Agreement), a related party of the Company and the holder of the senior secured convertible note dated as of March 25, 2024 issued by the Company (the Glencore Senior Secured Convertible Note), pursuant to which Glencore has, among other things, granted its consent to the issuance by the Company of the Warrants and agreed to waive any default or event of default under the Glencore Senior Secured Convertible Note which may occur as a result of the issuance of the Warrants and the Companys compliance with the terms of the Warrants relating to (i) the participation by the holders of the Warrants in certain dividends and other distributions declared by the Company to the holders of the Common Shares (under the terms of the Warrants), and (ii) the payment of cash or non-cash consideration upon the repurchase or exercise of Warrants in connection with a Fundamental Transaction (as defined in the Warrants) so long as, to the extent any of the Glencore Notes (as defined below) are outstanding immediately prior to the occurrence of a Fundamental Transaction, the Company shall have complied with its obligations to redeem the Glencore Notes in accordance with their terms in connection with such Fundamental Transaction prior to the Company paying cash or non-cash consideration to the holders of the Warrants. In addition, the Company has

agreed to amend the Glencore Senior Secured Convertible Note, the First A&R Note and the Second A&R Note (in each case as defined in the Glencore Senior Secured Glencore Note) and the form of warrants attached thereto (collectively, the Glencore Notes), to reflect any terms contained in the Warrants that are more favorable to the holders of the Warrants than those contained in the Glencore Notes, to the extent requested by Glencore. Such amendments to the Glencore Notes are required to be completed within ten (10) business days following the closing of the Offering (i.e., by January 31, 2025).

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC (Continental) is acting as warrant agent for the Warrants pursuant to the warrant agency agreement entered into on January 16, 2025, by and between the Company and Continental (the Warrant Agreement).

The closing of the Offering occurred on January 16, 2025. The Company received net proceeds of approximately $13.4 million from the Offering, after deducting the Offering expenses payable by the Company, including the Underwriters discounts and commissions. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the Offering for working capital and general corporate purposes.

The foregoing description of the Underwriting Agreement, the Series A Warrants, the Series B Warrants, the Pre-Funded Warrants, the Glencore Consent and Waiver Agreement and the Warrant Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of the Underwriting Agreement, the Form of Series A Warrant, the Form of Series B Warrant, the Form of Pre-Funded Warrant, the Glencore Consent and Waiver Agreement and the Warrant Agreement, copies of which are filed as Exhibits 1.1, 4.1, 4.2, 4.3, 10.2 and 10.1, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated by reference herein.

On the basis of 30,427,796 Common Shares outstanding as of December 31, 2024, immediately after the issuance of the Common Shares issued in connection with the Offering, the Company has 35,427,796 Common Shares issued and outstanding.

Item 8.01 

Other Events.

On January 15, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the pricing of the Offering, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is hereby incorporated by reference herein. On January 16, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the closing of the Offering, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 99.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is hereby incorporated by reference herein.

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits: 

Exhibit

No. 

Description

1.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated January 15, 2025, by and between Li-Cycle Holdings Corp. and Aegis Capital Corp. 

4.1 Form of Eight-Month Warrant. 

4.2 Form of Five-Year Warrant. 

4.3 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant. 

5.1 Opinion of McCarthy Ttrault LLP. 

5.2 Opinion of Freshfields US LLP. 

10.1 Warrant Agency Agreement, dated January 16, 2025, by and between Li-Cycle Holdings Corp. and Continental Stock Transfer & Company, LLC. 

10.2 Consent and Waiver Agreement in respect of Senior Secured Glencore Note, dated January 14, 2025, by and between Li-Cycle Holdings Corp. and Glencore Canada Corporation. 

23.1 Consent of McCarthy Ttrault LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1). 

23.2 Consent of Freshfields US LLP (included in Exhibit 5.2). 

99.1 Press Release, dated January 15, 2025. 

99.2 Press Release, dated January 16, 2025. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded with the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

LI-CYCLE HOLDINGS CORP.

By: 

/s/ Ajay Kochhar

Name: Ajay Kochhar

Title: President & CEO and Director

Date: January 16, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d867622dex11.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-1.1
<TEXT>
EX-1.1

Exhibit 1.1 

Li-Cycle Holdings Corp. 

Underwriting Agreement 

New
York, New York 

January 15, 2025 

Aegis
Capital Corp. 

1345 Avenue of the Americas, 27th Floor 

New
York, New York 10015 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

The undersigned, Li-Cycle Holdings Corp., an Ontario corporation (the Company),
hereby confirms its agreement (together with all exhibits and schedules hereto, this Agreement) with the several underwriters (such underwriters, including the Representative (as defined below), the Underwriters
and each an Underwriter) named in Schedule I hereto for which Aegis Capital Corp. (Aegis) is acting as representative to the several Underwriters (in such capacity, the Representative
and if there are no Underwriters other than the Representative, references to multiple Underwriters shall be disregarded and the term Representative as used herein shall have the same meaning as Underwriter) on the terms and conditions set forth
herein. It is understood that the several Underwriters are to make a public offering of the Securities (as defined below) as soon as the Representative deems it advisable to do so (the Offering). 

The Company hereby confirms its agreement to issue and sell to the Underwriters an aggregate of (A) 5,000,000 units (the
Units), each Unit consisting of one common share, no par value per share (Common Share), of the Company together with one eight-month warrant to purchase one Common Share (the Eight-Month Warrant)
and one five-year warrant to purchase one Common Share (the Five-Year Warrant and, together with the Eight-Month Warrants, the Warrant(s)); (B) an aggregate of 10,000,000
pre-funded units (the Pre-Funded Units), each Pre-Funded Unit consisting of one
pre-funded warrant to purchase one Common Share (Pre-Funded Warrant), and one Eight-Month Warrant and one Five-Year Warrant, in lieu of Units sold as
part of the Offering, and (C) at the election of the Representative, (i) up to an additional 2,250,000 Common Shares (the Option Shares) and/or (ii) up to additional 2,250,000 Eight-Month Warrants and up to
additional 2,250,000 Five-Year Warrants (such additional Eight-Month Warrants and Five-Year Warrants, the Option Warrants). The Units and the Pre-Funded Units will not be issued or
certificated. The Common Shares and the Warrants that comprise the Units and the Pre-Funded Warrants and the Warrants that comprise the Pre-Funded Units are immediately
separable and will be issued separately. 

ARTICLE I. 

DEFINITIONS 

1.1
Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings set forth in this Section 1.1: 

Action shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(k). 

Affiliate means with respect to any Person, any other Person that, directly or indirectly through one or
more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with such Person as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act. 

Applicable Laws has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(o). 

Authorizations means all requisite power and authority, and all necessary consents, approvals,
authorizations, orders, registrations, qualifications, licenses, filings and permits of, with and from all governmental, judicial, regulatory or administrative agency, body or court, domestic or Foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any
of their assets or business and all third parties, Foreign and domestic required for the issue and sale of the Units and the Pre-Funded Units. 

Board of Directors means the board of directors of the Company. 

Business Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or
other day on which is a federal holiday in the United States or any day on which commercial banks in the City of New York are authorized or required by law to remain closed; provided that banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or obligated to be
closed due to a shelter in place, non-essential employee or similar closure of physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority if such banks electronic
funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) are open for use by customers on such day. 

Closing means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Units and
Pre-Funded Units pursuant to Section 2.1. 

Closing Date means the first (1st) Trading Day
following the date hereof or at such earlier time as shall be agreed upon by the Representative and the Company. 

Closing Share(s) means the Common Shares included in the Units. 

Closing Warrant(s) means the Warrants included in the Units or the
Pre-Funded Units, but not including the Option Warrants. 

Commission means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Common Share Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the
holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Shares, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles
the holder thereof to receive, Common Shares. 

Company Auditors means KPMG LLP, and Marcum Canada LLP.

Company U.S. Counsel means Freshfields US LLP, with offices located at 3 World Trade Center, 175
Greenwich Street, New York, NY 10007. 

Company Canadian Counsel means McCarthy Ttrault LLP, with
offices located at 66 Wellington Street West, Suite 5300, TD Bank Tower Box 48, Toronto, Ontario M5K 1E6, Canada. 

Company IT Systems shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in
Section 3.1(tt). 

Dollars or $ means United States dollars. 

EDGAR shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(f).

Environmental Laws shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(n).

Effective Date means the date and time as of which the Registration Statement was declared effective by
the Commission in accordance with the rules and regulations under the Securities Act. 

Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Execution Date shall mean the date on which the parties execute and enter into this Agreement. 

FCPA means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended. 

FINRA means the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. 

Foreign means any country other than the United States of America. 

2 

GAAP shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in
Section 3.1(i). 

Hazardous Materials shall have the meaning ascribed to such
term in Section 3.1(n). 

Indebtedness means (a) any liabilities for
borrowed money or amounts owed in excess of $100,000 (other than trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (b) all guaranties, endorsements and other contingent obligations in respect of indebtedness of others, whether or
not the same are or should be reflected in the Companys consolidated balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course of
business; and (c) the present value of any lease payments in excess of $50,000 due under leases required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP. 

Intellectual Property Rights shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in
Section 3.1(s). 

Liens means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest,
encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction. 

Lock-Up Agreements means the
lock-up agreements that are delivered on the date hereof by each of the Companys executive officers, directors, and other persons owning 10% or more of the Companys issued and outstanding Common
Shares (the Lock-up Parties) listed on Exhibit A attached hereto in the form of Exhibit B attached hereto. 

Material Adverse Effect shall mean any material adverse change or effect, or any development involving a
prospective material adverse change or effect, in or affecting the business, operations, financial position or properties of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. 

Material Permit shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(ii).

Offering shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1(c). 

Option Closing Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in
Section 2.2(c).

Option Closing Purchase Price shall have the meaning ascribed
to such term in Section 2.2(b), which aggregate purchase price shall be net of the underwriting discounts and commissions. 

Option Shares shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the recitals. 

Over-Allotment Option shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in
Section 2.2(a). 

Person means an individual or corporation, partnership,
trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind. 

Pre-Funded Unit Purchase Price shall have the meaning ascribed to
such term in Section 2.1(a). 

Preliminary Prospectus Supplementmeans the preliminary prospectus supplement to the Prospectus that described the Securities and the Offering filed with the Commission on January 15, 2025. 

Proceeding means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an
informal investigation or partial proceeding, such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened. 

Prospectus means the base prospectus filed with the Registration Statement. 

Prospectus Supplement shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in
Section 2.4(e).

3 

Registration Statement a shelf registration
statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-278010), including any related prospectus or prospectuses, for the registration of the Securities under the Securities Act. 

Required Approvals shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e).

Rule 144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may
be amended or interpreted from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such rule. 

Rule 424 means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be
amended or interpreted from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such rule. 

SEC Reports shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(i). 

Securities means (A) the Units, the Closing Shares, the applicable Closing Warrants, and the applicable
Warrant Shares, (B) the Pre-Funded Units, the Pre-Funded Warrants, the applicable Closing Warrants and the applicable Warrant Shares, and (C) the Option
Shares, the Option Warrants and the applicable Warrant Shares. 

Securities Act means the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Shares means, collectively,
the Common Shares delivered to the Underwriters in accordance with Section 2.1(a) and Section 2.2(a). 

Subsidiary means any significant subsidiary of the Company (as such term is defined in Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X promulgated by the Commission) and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the
date hereof. 

Trading Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading. 

Trading Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Shares are listed or
quoted for trading on the date in question: the OTCQB Venture Market, the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the New York Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction Documents means this Agreement, the Lock-Up
Agreements, the Warrant Agency Agreement, the Closing Warrants, the Pre-Funded Warrants, the Option Warrants, and any other documents or agreements executed in connection with the transactions contemplated
hereunder. 

Transfer Agent means Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC with a mailing
address of 1 State Street, 30th Floor, New York, New York 10004, and any successor transfer agent of the Company, who shall also be the Warrant Agent. 

Underwriters Information shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in
Section 6.1. 

Underwriter Counsel means Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP,
with offices located at 1185 Avenue of the Americas, 31st floor, New York, NY 10036. 

Unit Purchase Price shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in
Section 2.1(a). 

Warrant Shares means the Common Shares issuable upon exercise
of the Warrants and Pre-Funded Warrants. 

4 

ARTICLE II. 

PURCHASE AND SALE 

2.1
Closing. 

(a) Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Company agrees to sell, in the
aggregate, 5,000,000 Units, and each Underwriter agrees to purchase, severally and not jointly, at the Closing, the number of Units set forth opposite the name of such Underwriter on Schedule I attached hereto and made a part hereof at a
purchase price of $0.93 per Unit (which represents 93% of the public offering price of $1.00 per Unit) (the Unit Purchase Price) and an aggregate of 10,000,000 Pre-Funded Units, at a
purchase price of $0.9299907 per Pre-Funded Unit (which represents 93% of the public offering price of $0.99999 per Pre-Funded Unit) (the Pre-Funded Unit Purchase Price). 

(b) On the Closing Date, each Underwriter
shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company, via wire transfer, immediately available funds equal to such Underwriters Unit Purchase Price and/or Pre-Funded Unit Purchase Price and the Company
shall deliver to, or as directed by, such Underwriter its respective Units and/or its respective Pre-Funded Units and the Company shall deliver the other items required pursuant to
Section 2.3 deliverable at the Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.3 and 2.4, the Closing shall occur at the offices of Underwriter Counsel or such other location
(including remotely by facsimile or other electronic transmission) as the Company and Representative shall mutually agree. 

2.2
Over-Allotment Option. 

(a) For the purposes of covering any over-allotments in connection with the distribution and
sale of the Units and/or the Pre-Funded Units, the Representative, on behalf of the Underwriters, is hereby granted an option (the Over-Allotment Option) to purchase (i) up to 2,250,000
Option Shares and/or (ii) up to 2,250,000 Eight-Month Warrants and up to 2,250,000 Five-Year Warrants. 

(b) In
connection with the exercise of the Over-Allotment Option, the purchase price to be paid for the Option Shares subject to the Over-Allotment Option will be equal to $0.99998 per Option Share and the purchase price to be paid for the Option
Warrants will be equal to $0.00001 per Option Warrant (each and/or both, the Option Closing Purchase Price, as the context may require). 

(c) The Over-Allotment Option granted pursuant to this Section 2.2 may be exercised by the
Representative as to all (at any time) or any part (from time to time) of the Option Shares and/or the Option Warrants within 45 days after the Execution Date. An Underwriter will not be under any obligation to purchase any Option Shares or Option
Warrants prior to the exercise of the Over-Allotment Option by the Representative and may purchase either Option Shares or Option Warrants or both Option Shares and Option Warrants in its sole discretion. The Over-Allotment Option granted hereby may
be exercised by the giving of oral notice to the Company from the Representative, which must be confirmed in writing by overnight mail or facsimile or other electronic transmission setting forth the number of Option Shares and/or Option Warrants to
be purchased and the date and time for delivery of and payment for the Option Shares and/or Option Warrants (each, an Option Closing Date), which will not be later than the earlier of (i) 45 days after the Execution Date and
(ii) one (1) full Business Day after the date of the notice, or such other time as shall be agreed upon by the Company and the Representative, at the offices of Underwriter Counsel, or at such other place (including remotely by facsimile or
other electronic transmission) as shall be agreed upon by the Company and the Representative. If such delivery and payment for the Option Shares and/or Option Warrants does not occur on the Closing Date, each Option Closing Date will be as set forth
in the notice. Upon exercise of the Over-Allotment Option, the Company will become obligated to convey to the Underwriters, and, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Underwriters will become obligated to purchase, the number of
Option Shares and/or Option Warrants specified in such notice. The Representative may cancel the Over-Allotment Option at any time prior to the expiration of the Over-Allotment Option by written notice to the Company. 

5 

2.3 Deliveries. The Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each
Underwriter (if applicable) the following: 

(a) At the Closing Date, the Closing Shares,
Pre-Funded Warrants and Closing Warrants, and, as to each Option Closing Date, if any, the applicable Option Shares and/or Option Warrants, which Closing Shares,
Pre-Funded Warrants, Closing Warrants, Option Shares and/or Option Warrants shall be delivered by certificates (in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative) representing the Closing Shares, Pre-Funded Warrants, Closing Warrants, Option Shares and/or Option Warrants (or, in the case of the Closing Shares and/or Option Shares uncertificated through the full fast transfer facilities of the Depository
Trust Company (the DTC)) for the account of the Underwriters; 

(b) At the Closing Date and at each
Option Closing Date, if any, the duly executed and delivered legal opinion of Company Counsel and Canadian Counsel and negative assurance letter of Company Counsel, dated as of the Closing Date, and dated as of each Option Closing Date, if any, in
form and substance reasonably satisfactory to counsel to the Underwriters; 

(c) Contemporaneously herewith, a comfort
letter, addressed to the Underwriters and in form and substance satisfactory in all respects to the Representative from the Company Auditors dated, respectively, as of the date of this Agreement and a bring-down letter dated as of the Closing Date
and each Option Closing Date, if any; 

(d) On the Closing Date and on each Option Closing Date, if any, the duly executed
and delivered Officers Certificate to the effect that to their knowledge: 

i. 

the representations and warranties of the Company in this Agreement are true and correct on and as of the
applicable Closing Date or Option Closing Date with the same effect as if made on such date, except for those representations and warranties that speak solely as of a specific date and were true and correct as of such date, and the Company has
complied with all the agreements and conditions and satisfied all the conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied at or prior to the Closing Date or Option Closing Date; and 

ii. 

no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or notice by the Commission objecting
to its use has been issued and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened. 

(e) On the Closing Date and on each Option Closing Date, if any, the duly executed and delivered Secretarys Certificate;

(f) Dated within five Business Days of the Closing Date and on each Option Closing Date, if any, a certificate of good
standing from the Province of Ontario, Canada, for the Company and a certificate of good standing for each Canadian and U.S. subsidiary of the Company from the Secretary of State (or similar authority) in each respective jurisdiction of their
organization, each dated as of such Closing Date or each Option Closing Date, to the extent such concept exists in the relevant jurisdiction; 

(g) On or before the Execution Date, the Lock-up Parties listed on Exhibit
A attached hereto shall have delivered to the Representative the Lock-Up Agreements in the form of Exhibit B attached hereto; 

(h) On the Closing Date and on each Option Closing Date, if any, the duly executed and delivered Certificate of the
Companys Chief Financial Officer, substantially in the form required by Exhibit C attached hereto; 

(i) On the
Closing Date, the Company and the Transfer Agent shall execute and deliver the Warrant Agency Agreement for the Warrants and the Pre-Funded Warrants in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Representative;

6 

(j) Such other customary certificates or documents as the Underwriters and
Underwriters Counsel may have reasonably requested. 

2.4 Closing Conditions. The respective obligations of each Underwriter
hereunder in connection with the Closing and each Option Closing Date, as applicable, are subject to the following conditions being met: 

(a) the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein on the date hereof and at the Closing
Time and each Option Closing Date, as applicable (unless as of a specific date therein); 

(b) all obligations, covenants
and agreements of the Company required to be performed under this Agreement at or prior to the date in question pursuant to the terms hereof shall have been performed or such performance shall have been waived by the Representative; 

(c) the delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.3 of this Agreement; 

(d) the Registration Statement shall be effective on the date of this Agreement and at each of the Closing Date and each Option
Closing Date, if any, no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the use of the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement or the Prospectus shall have been issued and no proceedings for that purpose shall have been initiated
or, to the Companys knowledge, shall be pending or contemplated by the Commission and any request on the part of the Commission for additional information shall have been complied with to the reasonable satisfaction of the Representative; 

(e) the Company shall have filed the final supplement to the Prospectus pursuant to Rule 424(b)(5) of the rules of the
Commission relating to the Securities and the Offering in accordance with the provisions of Rule 430B and Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act (Prospectus Supplement); 

(f) by the Execution Date, if required by FINRA, the Underwriters shall have received a notice of no objections from FINRA as
to the amount of compensation allowable or payable to and the terms and arrangements for acting as the Underwriters as described in the Registration Statement, Preliminary Prospectus Supplement or Prospectus Supplement; 

(g) the Company shall have submitted to the New York Stock Exchange a Supplemental Listing Application with respect to the
Closing Shares, Option Shares and Warrant Shares; 

(h) the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its
knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common Shares under the Exchange Act, nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating such registration; and 

(i) prior to and on each of the Closing Date and each Option Closing Date, if any: (i) there shall have been no material
adverse change or development involving a prospective material adverse change in the condition or the business activities, financial or otherwise, of the Company from the date of the latest Registration Statement, Preliminary Prospectus Supplement
or Prospectus Supplement; (ii) except as disclosed in the latest Registration Statement, Preliminary Prospectus Supplement or Prospectus Supplement or otherwise disclosed to the Representative, no written action suit or proceeding, at law or in
equity, shall have been pending or threatened against the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company before or by any court or federal or state commission, board or other administrative agency wherein an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding may
materially adversely affect the business, operations, prospects or financial condition or income of the Company; (iii) no stop order applicable to the Company shall have been issued under the Securities Act and no proceedings therefor shall
have been initiated or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened by the Commission; (iv) since the date of the latest balance sheet included in the Registration Statement, Preliminary Prospectus Supplement or Prospectus Supplement, or as
disclosed to the Representative, the Company has not incurred any material liabilities or obligations, direct or contingent, nor has it entered into any material transactions not in the ordinary course of business, other than pursuant to this
Agreement and the transactions referred to herein or those liabilities, obligations and transactions which are disclosed or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, Preliminary Prospectus Supplement or Prospectus Supplement;
(v) the Company has not paid or declared any dividends or other distributions of any 

7 

kind on any class of its capital stock; (vi) the Company has not altered its method of accounting; and (vii) the Registration Statement, Preliminary Prospectus Supplement and Prospectus
Supplement and any amendments or supplements thereto, on the dates filed, shall contain all material statements which are required to be stated therein in accordance with the Securities Act and the rules and regulations thereunder and shall conform
in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, and neither the Registration Statement, Preliminary Prospectus Supplement, Prospectus Supplement nor any amendment or supplement thereto
shall contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 

If any of the conditions specified in this Section 2.4 shall not have been fulfilled when and as required by this
Agreement all obligations of the Underwriters hereunder may be cancelled by the Representative at, or at any time prior to, the consummation of the Closing. Notice of such cancellation shall be given to the Company in writing or orally. Any such
oral notice shall be confirmed promptly thereafter in writing. 

ARTICLE III. 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

3.1 Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to the Underwriters as of the Execution Date, as
of the Closing Date and as of each Option Closing Date, if any, as follows: 

(a) Subsidiaries. The Subsidiaries of
the Company are listed in Schedule 21.1 of the Companys Form 10-K/A filed with the Commission on April 29, 2024. Except as described in the Registration Statement, Preliminary Prospectus Supplement
or Prospectus Supplement all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable. If the Company has no subsidiaries, all other
references to the Subsidiaries or any of them in the Transaction Documents shall be disregarded. 

(b) Organization and
Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing and in good standing (to the extent such concept exists in the relevant jurisdiction) under the laws of their
respective jurisdiction of incorporation or organization, with the requisite power and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good
standing or have such power or authority would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, or prevent the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in material violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation or formation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents.
Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing as a Foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such
qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could not have or reasonably be expected to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of
this Agreement or, (ii) a Material Adverse Effect and no Proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification, except as
described in the Registration Statement, Preliminary Prospectus Supplement or Prospectus Supplement. 

(c) Authorization;
Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder, including but not limited to, the
issuance of the Units, Closing Shares, Closing Warrants, Pre-Funded Units, Pre-Funded Warrants, Option Shares and Option Warrants and the Warrant Shares. The execution
and delivery of this Agreement by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further action is required by the
Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys shareholders in connection herewith or therewith other than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement has been (or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and,
when delivered 

8 

in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as
limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation, conservatorship, receivership or other laws of general application related to, or affecting enforcement of creditors rights
generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law. 

(d) No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction
Documents to which it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not and will not (i) violate any provision of the Companys or any
Subsidiarys certificate of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, (ii) violate or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under or result in the
creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or
affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company or a
Subsidiary is subject (including U.S. and Foreign federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii),
such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(e) Filings, Consents and
Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local, Foreign or other governmental authority or
other Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the filing with the Commission of the Prospectus Supplement, (ii) such filings as are required to be made
under applicable state securities laws or applicable provincial securities laws of Canada which have been made by the Company, (iii) the rules and regulations of FINRA, and (iv) application(s) to each applicable Trading Market for the
listing of the Common Shares to be issued hereunder (including the Warrant Shares) for trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby (collectively, the Required Approvals). 

(f) Registration Statement. The Company has filed with the Commission the Registration Statement under the Securities
Act, which became effective on March 29, 2024 (the Effective Date), for the registration under the Securities Act of the Securities. At the time of such filing, the Company met the requirements of Form S-3 under the Securities Act. The Registration Statement meets the requirements set forth in Rule 415(a)(1)(x) under the Securities Act and complies with said rule and the Prospectus
Supplement will meet the requirements set forth in Rule 424(b). The Company is eligible to use Form S-3 under the Securities Act pursuant to General Instruction I.B.1 of Form S-3. Any reference in this Agreement to the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, Preliminary Prospectus Supplement or the Prospectus Supplement shall be deemed to refer to and include the documents
incorporated by reference therein pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3 which were filed under the Exchange Act, on or before the date of this Agreement, or the issue date of the Preliminary Prospectus
Supplement or the Prospectus Supplement, as the case may be; and any reference in this Agreement to the terms amend, amendment or supplement with respect to the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus
Supplement or the Prospectus Supplement shall be deemed to refer to and include the filing of any document under the Exchange Act after the date of this Agreement, or the issue date of the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement or the Prospectus
Supplement, as the case may be, deemed to be incorporated therein by reference. All references in this Agreement to financial statements and schedules and other information which is contained, included, described,
referenced, set forth or stated in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement or the Prospectus Supplement (and all other references of like import) shall be deemed to mean and include all
such financial statements and schedules and other information which is or is deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement or the Prospectus Supplement, as the case may be. No stop order
suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the use of the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement or the Prospectus Supplement has been issued, and no proceeding for any such purpose is pending or has been initiated or, to the
Companys knowledge, is threatened by the Commission. For purposes of this Agreement, free writing prospectus has the meaning set forth in Rule 405 under the Securities Act. The Company will not, without the prior
consent of the Representative, prepare, use or refer to, any free writing prospectus. 

9 

(g) Issuance of Securities. The Securities are duly authorized and,
when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company. The Company has reserved from its duly authorized
capital stock the maximum number of Common Shares issuable pursuant to this Agreement. The Closing Shares, Option Shares and the Common Shares to be issued upon the exercise of the Closing Warrants, the
Pre-Funded Warrants and the Option Warrants are not and will not be subject to the preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the Company. All
corporate actions required to be taken for the authorization, issuance and sale of the Securities have been duly and validly taken. The Securities when issued, will conform in all material respects to all statements with respect thereto contained in
the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement and the Prospectus Supplement. 

(h)
Capitalization. The Company has an authorized, issued and outstanding capitalization as set forth in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus as of the dates referred to therein other than (1) the grant of additional options,
restricted stock units, performance stock units or other equity awards under the Companys existing equity plans and other securities, (2) changes in the number of outstanding Common Shares due to the issuance of shares upon vesting or
exercise of options, restricted stock units, performance stock units or other equity awards under the Companys existing equity plans or the exercise or conversion of securities exercisable for, or convertible into, Common Shares outstanding on
the date hereof or as disclosed in the Registration Statement or Prospectus, (3) any repurchases of shares of the Company, (4) as described in the Proxy Statement filed on Schedule 14A, (5) securities offered and sold pursuant to the
Registration Statement or (6) otherwise publicly announced. No Person other than the Representative has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents, except such rights which have been waived prior to the date hereof. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement and the Prospectus Supplement, there are no outstanding
options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for
or acquire, any common stock (or equivalent) or the capital stock of any Subsidiary, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional Common Shares or Common
Share Equivalents or the capital stock of any Subsidiary. The issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to issue Common Shares or other securities to any Person (other than the Underwriters). Except as
disclosed in the Registration Statement, Preliminary Prospectus Supplement and the Prospectus Supplement, there are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and
there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or such Subsidiary. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, Preliminary
Prospectus Supplement and the Prospectus Supplement, the Company does not have any stock appreciation rights or phantom stock plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the
Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. The authorized shares of the Company conform in all material respects to all statements relating thereto contained in the Registration Statement, Preliminary Prospectus
Supplement and the Prospectus Supplement. No further approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Securities. Other than what is disclosed in the Companys
Registration Statement, Preliminary Prospectus Supplement and the Prospectus Supplement, there are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys capital stock to which the Company is a
party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Companys stockholders. 

10 

(i) SEC Reports; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all
reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the three years preceding the date hereof (or
such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, together with the Prospectus, being collectively
referred to herein as the SEC Reports). As of their respective dates, to the knowledge of the Company, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as
applicable. The Company has been subject to Rule 144(i) under the Securities Act; it has filed all applicable reports and other materials required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as applicable, during the preceding 24
months. The consolidated financial statements of the Company included in the Registration Statement, the Form 10-K as amended by that certain Form 10-K/A, the
Preliminary Prospectus Supplement, the Prospectus Supplement present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of the dates indicated and have been prepared in compliance in all material respects with
the published requirements of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) or
International Accounting Standards Board applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved, except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain
all footnotes required, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended,
subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments. 

(j) Disclosure of Agreements. To the Companys knowledge, the agreements and instruments filed with the Commission
as listed in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement and the Prospectus Supplement conform in all material aspects to the descriptions thereof contained therein, other than such agreements that have expired by their terms
or whose termination is disclosed in documents filed by the Company on EDGAR, and there are no material agreements or other documents required by the Securities Act and the rules and regulations thereunder to be described in the Registration
Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement, the Prospectus Supplement or to be filed with the Commission as exhibits to the Registration Statement, that have not been so described or filed. Each such agreement or other instrument (however
characterized or described) to which the Company or a Subsidiary is a party and (i) that is filed as an exhibit to in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement, the Prospectus Supplement, and (ii) is material to the
Companys business, has been duly authorized and validly executed by the Company or a Subsidiary, respectively, is in full force and effect in all material respects and is enforceable against the Company or such Subsidiary and, to the
Companys knowledge, the other parties thereto, in accordance with its terms, except (x) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally,
(y) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may be limited under the federal and state United States and Foreign securities laws, and (z) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of
equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefore may be brought, except for any enforceability that, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, Preliminary Prospectus Supplement and the Prospectus Supplement, or otherwise disclosed to the Representative, none of such agreements or instruments has been
assigned by the Company or Subsidiary, and neither the Company nor, to the Companys knowledge, a Subsidiary or any other party is in default thereunder and, to the Companys knowledge, no event has occurred that, with the lapse of time or
the giving of notice, or both, would constitute a default thereunder, except for any default or event which would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. To the Companys knowledge, performance by the Company or the
Subsidiary of the material provisions of such agreements or instruments will not result in a violation of any existing applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree of any governmental agency or court, domestic or Foreign, having
jurisdiction over the Company, a Subsidiary or any of their assets or businesses, including, without limitation, those relating to environmental laws and regulations, except for any violation which would not reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Effect. 

11 

(k) Material Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or
Developments. Since the date of the latest financial statements included within the Registration Statement, except as specifically disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement, the Prospectus Supplement, or
disclosed to the Representative, (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has had or that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any liabilities (contingent
or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Companys financial statements pursuant
to GAAP or disclosed in filings made with the Commission, (iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting, (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders or
purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock and (iv) the Company has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant to existing Company stock option
plans, the issuance of Common Shares and Common Share Equivalents as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement or the Prospectus Supplement or the issuance of Common Shares pursuant to the Companys at-the-market offering. The Company does not have pending before the Commission any request for confidential treatment of information. Unless otherwise disclosed in the
Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement or the Prospectus Supplement, the Company has not declared or paid any dividend or made any other distribution on or in respect to its capital stock. 

(l) Litigation. There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company there is not pending or contemplated, any
material action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before or by any court,
arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or Foreign) (collectively, an Action), other than Actions described in the Registration Statement or Prospectus (including,
for the avoidance of doubt, the documents incorporated by reference thereto), which (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the Securities or (ii) could, if there
were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Except as disclosed to the Representative, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director or officer
thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under United States or Foreign federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. 

(m) Labor Relations. No material labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to
any of the employees of the Company, which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Company, none of the Companys or the Subsidiaries employees is a member of a union that relates to
such employees relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement. The Company and the Subsidiaries have complied in all material respects with
all U.S. federal, state, local and Foreign laws and regulations relating to current employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except where the failure to be in compliance could not, individually or
in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(n) Compliance. Except as disclosed in
the Registration Statement, Preliminary Prospectus Supplement and the Prospectus Supplement, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that has not been waived that, with
notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor has the Company or any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture, loan or
credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound (whether or not such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree or order of any
court, arbitrator or other United States or Foreign governmental authority or (iii) is or has been in violation of any material statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental authority, including without limitation all Foreign,
federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational health and safety, product quality and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as disclosed to the Representative or as could not have or
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

12 

(o) Environmental Laws. Except as disclosed to the Representative,
the Company and the Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with all federal, state, local and Foreign laws relating to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or
subsurface strata), including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of any petroleum products or byproducts, noise, odor, mold, asbestos, lead, polychlorinated biphenyls, per-
and poly-fluoroalkyl substances, or radon(collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the environment, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of
Hazardous Materials, as well as all Authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, permits, plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder
(Environmental Laws); (ii) have received all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses; and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and
conditions of any such permit, license or approval where in each clause (i), (ii) and (iii), the failure to so comply could be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 

(p) Compliance with Laws. Expect as disclosed in the Registration Statement, Preliminary Prospectus Supplement and the
Prospectus Supplement, the Company is and at all times has been in compliance with all statutes, rules, or regulations applicable to the Company, including, without limitation, all statutes, rules, or regulations relating to the ownership,
testing, development, manufacture, packaging, processing, use, distribution, marketing, labeling, promotion, sale, offer for sale, storage, import, export or disposal of any product manufactured or distributed by the Company, including the Federal
Hazardous Substances Act, state and Foreign laws relating to the same, and licensing and certification Laws covering any material aspect of the business of the Company (Applicable Laws), except in each case as would not,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (B) has not received any warning letter, untitled letter or other correspondence or written notice from any other governmental authority alleging or
asserting noncompliance with any Applicable Laws or any licenses, certificates, approvals, clearances, Authorizations, permits and supplements or amendments thereto required by any such Applicable Laws and/or to carry on its business as now
conducted; (C) to the Companys knowledge possesses all material Authorizations and such Authorizations are valid and in full force and effect and are not in material violation of any term of any such Authorizations; (D) has not
received written notice of any claim, action, suit, proceeding, hearing, enforcement, investigation, arbitration or other action from any Governmental Entity or third party alleging that any product operation or activity is in violation of any
Applicable Laws or Authorizations and has no knowledge that any such Governmental Entity or third party is considering any such claim, litigation, arbitration, action, suit, investigation or proceeding that if brought, would result in a Material
Adverse Effect, nor, to the Companys knowledge, has there been any material noncompliance with or violation of any Applicable Laws by the Company that could reasonably be expected to require the issuance of any such communication or result in
an investigation, corrective action, or enforcement action by any United States or Foreign governmental authority; (E) has not received written notice that any United States or Foreign governmental authority has taken, is taking or intends to
take action to limit, suspend, modify or revoke any Authorizations and has no knowledge that any such governmental authority has threatened or is considering such action; (F) has filed, obtained, maintained or submitted all material reports,
documents, forms, notices, applications, records, claims, submissions and supplements or amendments as required by any Applicable Laws or Authorizations and that all such reports, documents, forms, notices, applications, records, claims, submissions
and supplements or amendments were complete and correct on the date filed in all material respects (or were corrected or supplemented by a subsequent submission); and (G) has not, either voluntarily or involuntarily, initiated, conducted, or
issued or caused to be initiated, conducted or issued, any recall and, to the Companys knowledge, no governmental authority has initiated, conducted or intends to initiate any such notice or action. 

(q) Loans to Directors or Officers. There are no outstanding loans, advances (except normal advances for business
expenses in the ordinary course of business) or guarantees or indebtedness by the Company to or for the benefit of any of the officers or directors of the Company or any of their respective family members, except as disclosed in the Registration
Statement, Preliminary Prospectus Supplement and the Prospectus Supplement. 

(r) Authorizations. The Company has
filed and received approval of all Authorizations issued by, and has made all declarations and filings with all federal, state, local or Foreign governmental or regulatory authority that are necessary for the ownership or lease of its properties or
the conduct of its business as described in the Registration Statement, Preliminary Prospectus Supplement and the Prospectus Supplement. To its knowledge, the Company is in compliance with and is not in violation of, or in default under, any such
Authorization, except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Company, no event has occurred which allows, or after notice or lapse of time would allow, revocation, termination or modification
of any Authorization or result in any other material impairment of the rights of the holder of any Authorization and the Company does not have any reason to believe that any Authorization will not be renewed in the ordinary course. 

13 

(s) Title to Assets. Any material real property and facilities held
under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance, except as disclosed to the Representative and as described in the
Registration Statement, Preliminary Prospectus Supplement or the Prospectus Supplement. 

(t) Intellectual Property.
The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark applications, service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights
and similar rights it believes are necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses as described in the Registration Statement, Preliminary Prospectus Supplement and the Prospectus Supplement and which the failure to so
have could have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights). In the Companys reasonable opinion, the Company is not now infringing and, upon commercialization, will not infringe, any valid
claim of any issued patents, copyrights or trademarks of others. The Company has not conducted a freedom to operate study. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice (written or otherwise) that any of the Intellectual
Property Rights has expired, terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned, within two (2) years from the date of this Agreement, except where such action would not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement, a written notice of a claim or
otherwise has any knowledge that the Companys products or planned products as described in the Registration Statement, Preliminary Prospectus Supplement and the Prospectus Supplement violate or infringe upon the rights of any Person, except as
could not have or reasonably be expected to not have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Company, the Company and its subsidiaries have sufficient rights to the Intellectual Property Rights owned by the Company and its Subsidiaries
and the Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable and there is no existing infringement by another Person of any of the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and the Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy,
confidentiality and value of all of their trade secrets, except where failure to do so could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(u) Insurance. The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured in such amounts and covering such risks as the Company and
their Subsidiaries reasonably believe are adequate for the conduct of their business. 

(v) Transactions With
Employees. Except as described in the Registration Statement, Preliminary Prospectus Supplement or the Prospectus Supplement, none of the officers or directors of the Company or any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the
employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing
for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring payments to or from, any officer, director or such
employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000 other
than for (i) payment of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and (iii) other employee benefits, including stock option agreements under any stock option
plan of the Company, other than as disclosed in the Companys financial statements. 

(w) Sarbanes-Oxley; Internal
Accounting Controls. Other than disclosed in our annual and quarterly reports, the Company and the Subsidiaries are in material compliance with any and all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that are effective as of the
date hereof, and any and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the Commission thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date. The Company and the Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting
controls in a manner 

14 

designed to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as
necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, and
(iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. The Company and the Subsidiaries have established disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries that are intended to comply in all material respects with the
requirements of the Exchange. The Companys certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures of the Company and the Subsidiaries as of the end of the period covered by the most recently filed
periodic report under the Exchange Act (such date, the Evaluation Date). The Company presented in its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act the conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness of
the disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations as of the Evaluation Date. Since the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in the internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in the Exchange Act) of the
Company and the Subsidiaries that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the internal control over financial reporting of the Company and the Subsidiaries. 

(x) Certain Fees. Except as set forth in Section 2.1(a) of this Agreement, no brokerage or
finders fees or commissions are or will be payable by the Company or any Subsidiary to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement. There are no other arrangements, agreements or understandings of the Company or, to the Companys knowledge, any of its stockholders that may affect the Underwriters compensation, as determined by FINRA. Other than
payments to the Underwriters for this Offering or as set forth under Section 4.6 of this Agreement, the Company has not made and has no agreements, arrangements or understanding to make any direct or indirect payments (in
cash, securities or otherwise) to: (i) any person, as a finders fee, consulting fee or otherwise, in consideration of such person raising capital for the Company or introducing to the Company persons who raised or provided capital to the
Company; (ii) any FINRA member; or (iii) any person or entity that has any direct or indirect affiliation or association with any FINRA member, within the 180-day period preceding the initial filing
of the Registration Statement through the 90-day period after the Execution Date. None of the net proceeds of the Offering will be paid by the Company to any participating FINRA member or its affiliates,
except as specifically authorized herein. 

(y) Investment Company. The Company is not, and immediately after receipt
of payment for the Securities will not be an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. The Company shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment
company subject to registration under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

(z) Registration
Rights. No Person has any right to cause the Company or any Subsidiary to effect the registration under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company or any Subsidiary, other than those rights that have been disclosed in the Registration
Statement, Preliminary Prospectus Supplement or Prospectus Supplement or have been waived or satisfied. 

(aa) Compliance
with Exchange Act. The Common Shares are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, and the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of
the Common Shares under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating such registration. 

(bb) Reserved. 

(cc) Related Party Transactions. There are no business relationships or related party transactions involving the Company
or any other person required to be described in the Registration Statement, Preliminary Prospectus Supplement and the Prospectus Supplement that have not been described as required. 

(dd) Application of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if
any, in order to render inapplicable any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Companys memorandum of association
and articles of association (or similar charter documents) or the laws of its country of incorporation that is or could become applicable as a result of the Underwriters and the Company fulfilling their obligations or exercising their rights
hereunder. 

15 

(ee) Disclosure; 10b-5. The
Registration Statement (and any further documents to be filed with the Commission in connection with the Offering) contains all exhibits and schedules as required by the Securities Act. Each of the Registration Statement and any post-effective
amendment thereto, if any, at the time it became effective, complied in all material respects with the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the applicable rules and regulations under the Securities Act and did not and contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. The Preliminary Prospectus Supplement and the Prospectus, as of its date, complies in all material respects
with the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the applicable rules and regulations. The Prospectus, as amended or supplemented, did not contain as of the date thereof any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided, however, that this representation and warranty shall not apply to any statements or omission made in
reliance upon and in conformity with the Underwriters Information. Each document, filed, or to be filed pursuant to the Exchange Act and incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement, Preliminary Prospectus, when they were filed
with the Commission, conformed in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and the applicable rules and regulations, and none of such documents, when they were filed with the Commission,
contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein (with respect to the SEC Reports incorporated by reference in the Prospectus), in light of the circumstances under which
they were made not misleading; and any further documents so filed and incorporated by reference in the Prospectus, when such documents are filed with the Commission, will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Exchange Act and
the applicable rules and regulations, as applicable, and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made not
misleading. No post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement reflecting any facts or events arising after the date thereof which represent, individually or in the aggregate, a fundamental change in the information set forth therein is
required to be filed with the Commission. There are no documents required to be filed with the Commission in connection with the transaction contemplated hereby that (x) have not been filed as required pursuant to the Securities Act or
(y) will not be filed within the requisite time period. There are no contracts or other documents required to be described in the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement or the Prospectus Supplement, or to be filed as exhibits or schedules to the
Registration Statement, which have not been described or filed as required. The press releases disseminated by the Company during the twelve months preceding the date of this Agreement taken as a whole do not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made and when made, not misleading. 

(ff) No Integrated Offering. Neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their
behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this Offering of the Securities to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for
purposes of any applicable shareholder approval provisions of any Trading Market on which any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated. 

(gg) Tax Status. Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to
result in a Material Adverse Effect, or otherwise disclosed to the Representative, the Company and the Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all United States federal, state and local income and all Foreign income and franchise tax returns,
reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount required to be paid through the date hereof, to the extent that
such taxes have become due and are not being contested in good faith, except where the failure to do so would not have a Material Adverse Effect and (iii) except as otherwise described or contemplated in the Registration Statement, Preliminary
Prospectus or Prospectus Supplement, no tax deficiency has been determined adversely to the Company or any Subsidiary. 

16 

(hh) Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor, to the
Companys knowledge, any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any of their respective executive officers, has (i) directly or indirectly made any unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful
expenses related to Foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to Foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any Foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds,
(iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf of which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law, which payment is of a character required to be
disclosed in the Registration Statement, Preliminary Prospectus or Prospectus Supplement, or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA. The Company has taken reasonable steps to ensure that its accounting controls and
procedures are sufficient to cause the Company to comply in all material respects with the FCPA. 

(ii) Accountants.
To the knowledge and belief of the Company, the Company Auditors (i) are and were independent registered public accounting firm as required by the Exchange Act and (ii) either the Company Auditor or its replacement, shall express its
opinion with respect to the financial statements to be included in the Companys Annual Report for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2024. 

(jj) Regulatory. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the
appropriate federal, state, local or Foreign regulatory authorities, or by any similar Foreign, federal, state or local governmental or regulatory authority performing functions similar to those performed by such authorities necessary to conduct
their respective businesses as described in the Registration Statement, Preliminary Prospectus Supplement and the Prospectus Supplement, except where the failure to possess such permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect (each, a Material Permit), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any written notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any Material Permit. The disclosures in the
Registration Statement, Preliminary Prospectus Supplement and the Prospectus Supplement concerning the effects of federal, state, local and all Foreign regulation on the Companys business as currently contemplated are correct in all material
respects. 

(kk) Office of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Companys
knowledge, any director, officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department, the United Nations Security
Council, the European Union, His Majestys Treasury, or the Government of Canada. 

(ll) U.S. Real Property Holding
Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within the meaning of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon the Representatives
request. 

(mm) Reserved. 

(nn) Money Laundering. The operations of the Company and the Subsidiaries are and have been conducted in all material
respects in compliance with applicable financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, other applicable money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations
thereunder in jurisdictions where the Company and its Subsidiaries are subject (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws), expect where the failure to be in such compliance would not result in a Material Adverse Effect; and no
action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any
Subsidiary, threatened. 

(oo). Reserved.

(pp) FINRA Affiliation. No officer, director or, to the Companys knowledge, any beneficial owner of 5% or more of
the Companys Common Shares or Common Share Equivalents, has any direct or indirect affiliation or association with any FINRA member (as determined in accordance with the rules and regulations of FINRA) that is participating in the Offering. No
proceeds from the sale of the Securities (excluding underwriting compensation as disclosed in the Registration Statement, Preliminary Prospectus Supplement and the 

17 

Prospectus Supplement) will be paid to any FINRA member, any persons associated with a FINRA member or an affiliate of a FINRA member. To the Companys knowledge, no FINRA member
participating in the Offering has a conflict of interest with the Company. For this purpose, a conflict of interest exists when a FINRA member, the parent or affiliate of a FINRA member or any person associated with a FINRA member in the
aggregate beneficially own 5% or more of the Companys outstanding subordinated debt or common equity, or 5% or more of the Companys preferred equity. FINRA member participating in the Offering includes any associated person
of a FINRA member that is participating in the Offering, any member of such associated persons immediate family and any affiliate of a FINRA member that is participating in the Offering. Any person associated with a FINRA member
means (1) a natural person who is registered or has applied for registration under the rules of FINRA and (2) a sole proprietor, partner, officer, director, or branch manager of a FINRA member, or other natural person occupying a similar
status or performing similar functions, or a natural person engaged in the investment banking or securities business who is directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by a FINRA member. When used in this
Section 3.1(pp) the term affiliate of a FINRA member or affiliated with a FINRA member means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a FINRA member. The Company will
advise the Representative and Underwriter Counsel if it learns that any officer, director or owner of 5% or more of the Companys outstanding Common Shares or Common Share Equivalents is or becomes an affiliate or associated person of a FINRA
member firm. 

(qq) Officers Certificate. Any certificate signed by any duly authorized officer of the Company
and delivered to Underwriter Counsel on behalf of the Representative shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company to the Underwriters as to the matters covered thereby. 

(rr). Reserved.

(ss) Benefit Plans. To the knowledge of the Company, each material employee benefit plan, as defined in
Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA) that is maintained, administered or contributed to by the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates (as defined hereafter) for U.S.
employees or former U.S. employees of the Company has been maintained in material compliance with its terms and the requirements of any applicable statutes, orders, rules and regulations, including but not limited to ERISA and the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended (the Code). These plans are referred to collectively herein as the Employee Plans. An ERISA Affiliate of any person or entity means any other person or entity which, together with
that person or entity, could be treated as a single employer under Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code. To the knowledge of the Company (i) each material employee benefit plan in respect of employees of the Company or any
Subsidiary in Canada complies in all material respects with applicable laws and such plans have been established, registered, funded, contributed to, administered, communicated, and invested in material compliance with applicable laws and their
terms; (ii) no fact or circumstances exists which would adversely affect the registered status (if and as required) of any such plan; and (iii) neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any of the agents or delegates of such entities,
have breached any material obligation with respect to the administration or investment of any such plan. 

(tt) IT
Systems. Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect, and except as it may relate to Internal Control weaknesses disclosed in the SEC Reports, the Company reasonably believes that (i) the Company
and the Subsidiaries computer systems, networks, hardware, software, databases, websites, and equipment used to process, store, maintain and operate data, information, and functions used in connection with the business of the Company and the
Subsidiaries (the Company IT Systems)are adequate for, and operate and perform as required in connection with, the operation of the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries as currently conducted and (ii) the Company has
implemented commercially reasonable backup, security and disaster recovery measures; 

(uu) Ineligible Issuer Status.
At the date hereof, the Company is not an ineligible issuer, as defined under Rule 405 under the Securities Act. 

(vv) Industry Data. The statistical and market-related data included in each of the Registration Statement, Preliminary
Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement are based on or derived from sources that the Company reasonably and in good faith believes are reliable and accurate or represent the Companys good faith estimates that are made on the basis of data
derived from such sources. 

18 

(ww) Contracts Affecting Capital. There are no transactions,
arrangements or other relationships between and/or among the Company, any of its affiliates (as such term is defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act Regulations) and any unconsolidated entity, including, but not limited to, any structured finance,
special purpose or limited purpose entity that could reasonably be expected to materially affect the Companys or its subsidiaries liquidity or the availability of or requirements for their capital resources required to be described or
incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement which have not been described or incorporated by reference as required. 

(xx) Diligence Materials. The Company has provided to the Representative and Representative Counsel all materials
required or necessary to respond in all material respects to the diligence request submitted to the Company or Company Counsel by the Representative. 

(yy) Stabilization. Neither the Company nor, to its knowledge, any of its or its subsidiaries employees, directors
or shareholders (without the consent of the Representative) has taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that has constituted or that might reasonably be expected to cause or result in, under Regulation M of the Exchange Act, or
otherwise, stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Securities. 

(zz) Exchange Act Registration of Common Shares; Canadian Reporting Issuer Status. All of the issued and outstanding
Common Shares have been registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act and are listed for trading on the Trading Market. There is no suit, action, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened
against the Company by the Exchange or the Commission with respect to any intention by such entity to deregister the Common Shares, or prohibit or terminate the listing of the Common Shares, on the Trading Market. The Company has taken no action
that is designed to terminate the registration of the Common Shares under the Exchange Act. The Company is a reporting issuer in Ontario, is in compliance in all material respects with its continuous and timely disclosure obligations under Ontario
securities laws and is not on a list of reporting issuers that is in default in the Province of Ontario. To the knowledge of the Company, there is no suit, action, proceeding or investigation pending or threatened against the Company by the Ontario
Securities Commission to terminate the Companys status as a reporting issuer, nor has the Company taken any action that is intentionally designed to terminate the Companys status as a reporting issuer in the Province of Ontario. 

(aaa) Ontario Prospectus Exemption. The issuance of the Securities is exempt from the prospectus
requirements of the Securities Act (Ontario) under Section 2.1 or Section 2.3, as applicable, of Ontario Securities Commission Rule 72-503 Distributions Outside
Canada. 

ARTICLE IV. 

OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES 

4.1 Amendments to Registration Statement. The Company has delivered, or will as promptly as practicable deliver, to the Underwriters
complete conformed copies of the Registration Statement and of each consent and certificate of experts, as applicable, filed as a part thereof, and conformed copies of the Registration Statement (without exhibits), and the Prospectus, as amended or
supplemented, in such quantities and at such places as an Underwriter reasonably requests. Neither the Company nor any of its directors and officers has distributed and none of them will distribute, prior to the Closing Date, any offering material
in connection with the offering and sale of the Securities other than the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement, Prospectus Supplement, and the Registration Statement. The Company shall not file any such amendment or supplement to which the
Representative shall reasonably and timely object in writing. 

19 

4.2 Federal Securities Laws. 

(a) Compliance. During the time when a Prospectus is required to be delivered under the Securities Act, the Company will use its best
efforts to comply with all requirements imposed upon it by the Securities Act and the rules and regulations thereunder and the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, as from time to time in force, so far as necessary to permit the
continuance of sales of or dealings in the Securities in accordance with the provisions hereof and the Prospectus. If at any time when a Prospectus relating to the Securities is required to be delivered under the Securities Act, any event shall have
occurred as a result of which, in the opinion of counsel for the Company or counsel for the Representative, the Prospectus, as then amended or supplemented, includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state any material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, or if it is necessary at any time to amend the Prospectus to comply with the Securities Act, the Company will
notify the Underwriters promptly and prepare and file with the Commission, subject to Section 4.1 hereof, an appropriate amendment or supplement in accordance with Section 10 of the Securities Act. 

(b) Exchange Act Registration. The Company will use its best efforts to maintain the registration of the Common Shares under the
Exchange Act; provided, that such provision shall not prevent a sale, merger or similar transaction involving the Company. The Company will not deregister the Common Shares under the Exchange Act without the prior written consent of
the Representative, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld and provided that such provision shall not prevent a sale, merger or similar transaction involving the Company. 

(c) Free Writing Prospectuses. The Company will not make any offer relating to the Securities that would constitute an issuer free
writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433 of the rules and regulations under the Securities Act, without the prior written consent of the Representative. Any such free writing prospectus consented to by the Representative is herein referred to as a
Permitted Free Writing Prospectus. The Company represents that it will treat each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus as an issuer free writing prospectus as defined in the rules and regulations under the Securities Act,
and has complied and will comply with the applicable requirements of Rule 433 of the Securities Act, including timely Commission filing where required, legending and record keeping. 

4.3 Delivery to the Underwriters of Prospectuses. The Company will deliver to the Underwriters, without charge, from time to time
during the period when the Prospectus is required to be delivered under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act such number of copies of each Prospectus as the Underwriters may reasonably request. 

4.4 Effectiveness and Events Requiring Notice to the Underwriters. The Company will use its reasonable best efforts to cause the
Registration Statement to remain effective with a current prospectus until the date on which the Pre-Funded Warrants and Warrants are no longer outstanding, and will notify the Underwriters and holders of the Pre-Funded Warrants and Warrants immediately and confirm the notice in writing: (i) of the effectiveness of the Registration Statement and any amendment thereto; (ii) of the issuance by the Commission of
any stop order or of the initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding for that purpose; (iii) of the issuance by any state or Foreign securities commission of any proceedings for the suspension of the qualification of the Securities for
offering or sale in any jurisdiction or of the initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding for that purpose; (iv) the electronic filing with the Commission of any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or Prospectus
Supplement; (v) of the receipt of any comments or request for any additional information from the Commission; and (vi) of the happening of any event during the period described in this Section 4.4 that, in the
judgment of the Company, makes any statement of a material fact made in the Registration Statement, Preliminary Prospectus Supplement and the Prospectus Supplement untrue or that requires the making of any changes in the Registration Statement,
Preliminary Prospectus Supplement and the Prospectus Supplement in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. If the Commission or any Foreign or state securities commission shall
enter a stop order or suspend such qualification at any time, the Company will make every reasonable effort to obtain promptly the lifting of such order. 

4.5 Reserved. 

4.6
Reports to the Underwriters; Expenses of the Offering. 

(a) Periodic Reports, etc. The Company will furnish or make
available to the Underwriters during any period when a Prospectus is required to be delivered by the Underwriters (i) as soon as available, copies of all annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements or other communications filed or
furnished with the Commission, (ii) such additional documents and information with respect to the Company and the affairs of any future Subsidiaries of the Company as the Representative may from time to time reasonably request; provided
however, that the requirements of this Section shall be satisfied to the extent that such reports, statement, combinations, financial statements or other documents are available on EDGAR. 

20 

(b) Transfer Agent; Warrant Agent. The Company shall retain the Transfer Agent and a
Warrant Agent or a transfer and registrar agent and warrant agent and registrar who is a member of DTC for a period of one (1) year and will furnish to the Underwriters at the Companys sole cost and expense such transfer sheets of the
Companys securities as an Underwriter may reasonably request, including the daily and monthly consolidated transfer sheets of the Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent and the DTC, provided, however, that such requests cannot be made more than once
monthly; and provided that such provision shall not prevent a sale, merger or similar transaction involving the Company. 

(c)
Reserved.

(d) General Expenses Related to the Offering. The Company hereby agrees to pay on each of the Closing Date and
each Option Closing Date, if any, to the extent not paid at the Closing Date, all expenses incident to the performance of the obligations of the Company under this Agreement, including, but not limited to: (a) all filing fees and expenses
relating to the registration of the securities with the Commission; (b) all fees and expenses relating to the listing of the Companys Common Shares on a national exchange, if applicable; (c) all fees, expenses and disbursements
relating to the registration or qualification of the securities under the blue sky securities laws of such states and other jurisdictions as the Representative may reasonably designate (including, without limitation, all filing and
registration fees, and the reasonable fees and disbursements of the Companys blue sky counsel, which will be the Representatives counsel) unless such filings are not required in connection with the Companys listing on a
national exchange, if applicable; (d) all fees, expenses and disbursements relating to the registration, qualification or exemption of the securities under the securities laws of such Foreign jurisdictions as the Representative may reasonably
designate; (e) any fees for counsel to lead investors in the Offering, subject to a maximum of $25,000; (f) the costs of all mailing and printing of the Offering documents; (g) transfer and/or stamp taxes, if any, payable upon the transfer
of securities from the Company to the Representative; and (h) the fees and expenses of the Companys counsel and accountants; and (i) fees and expenses including road show, diligence, and reasonable legal fees and
disbursements for the Representatives counsel and any counsel to any syndicate organized by the Representative, subject to such counsel presenting reasonably detailed supporting documentation for the same. For the sake of clarity, it is
understood and agreed that the Company shall be responsible for the above fees and expenses and the Representatives external counsels and any counsel to the syndicates legal costs detailed in this Section irrespective of whether
the Offering is consummated or not, subject a maximum of $75,000 whether or not there is a Closing. The Representative may deduct from the net proceeds of the Offering payable to the Company on the date of Closing, or the closing of the
Over-Allotment Option, if any, the expenses set forth herein to be paid by the Company to the underwriters on the terms herein. Upon the termination of this Agreement, the Company agrees to reimburse Aegis for, or otherwise pay and bear, the
expenses and fees to be paid and borne by the Company as provided for above and to reimburse Aegis for the full amount of its expenses incurred to such date as provided above (which shall include, but shall not be limited to, all fees and
disbursements of Aegiss legal counsel, travel, lodging and other road show expenses, mailing, printing and reproduction expenses, and any expenses incurred by Aegis in conducting its due diligence). 

(e) Aegis shall be entitled to a cash fee equal to seven percent (7.0%) of the gross proceeds received by the Company from the sale of any
equity, debt and/or equity derivative instruments to any investor actually introduced by Aegis to the Company as of the date hereof. 

(f)
Company Standstill: Following the Closing of the Offering, without the prior written consent of Aegis, the Company will not, for a period of ninety (90) days after the Closing of the Offering (the Standstill Period),
(a) offer, sell, issue, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any equity of the Company or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for equity of the Company; (b) file or caused to be filed any
registration statement with the Commission relating to the offering of any equity of the Company or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for equity of the Company; or (c) enter into any agreement or announce the
intention to effect any of the actions described in subsections (a) or (b) hereof (all of such matters, the Standstill Restrictions). The following matters shall not be prohibited by the Standstill Restrictions: (i) the
adoption of an equity incentive plan and the grant of awards or equity pursuant to any equity incentive plan, and the filing of a registration statement on Form S-8; (ii) securities issued pursuant to
agreements, options, restricted share units or convertible securities existing as of the date hereof provided the terms are not modified; and (iii) securities issued pursuant to 

21 

acquisitions or strategic transactions (whether by merger, consolidation, purchase of equity, purchase of assets, reorganization or otherwise) approved by a majority of the disinterested
directors of the Company, provided that such securities are issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection
therewith during the Standstill Period, and provided that any such issuance shall only be to a person or entity (or to the equity holders of an entity) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset in a
business synergistic with the business of the Company and shall provide to the Company additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the
purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing in securities. In no event should any equity transaction during the Standstill Period result in the sale of equity at an offering price to the public less than that of
the Offering provided herein. 

4.7 Application of Net Proceeds. The Company will apply the net proceeds from the Offering received
by it in a manner consistent with the application described under the caption Use of Proceeds in the Prospectus. 

4.8
Stabilization. Neither the Company, nor, to its knowledge, any of its employees, directors or shareholders (without the consent of the Representative) will take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that has constituted or that
might reasonably be expected to cause or result in, under the Exchange Act, or otherwise, stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Securities. 

4.9 Reserved.

4.10
Reserved. 

4.11 FINRA. The Company shall advise the Underwriters (who shall make an appropriate filing with FINRA) if it is
aware that any officer, director, 10% or greater shareholder of the Company or Person that received the Companys unregistered equity securities in the past 180 days is or becomes an affiliate or associated person of a FINRA member firm prior
to the earlier of the termination of this Agreement or the conclusion of the distribution of the Offering. 

4.12 No Fiduciary
Duties. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Underwriters responsibility to the Company is solely contractual and commercial in nature, based on arms-length negotiations and that neither the Underwriters nor their affiliates or any
selected dealer shall be deemed to be acting in a fiduciary capacity, or otherwise owes any fiduciary duty to the Company or any of its affiliates in connection with the Offering and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company acknowledges that the Underwriters may have financial interests in the success of the Offering that are not limited to the difference between the price to the public and the
purchase price paid to the Company by the Underwriters for the shares and the Underwriters have no obligation to disclose, or account to the Company for, any of such additional financial interests. The Company hereby waives and releases, to the
fullest extent permitted by law, any claims that the Company may have against the Underwriters with respect to any breach or alleged breach of fiduciary duty by the Underwriters. 

4.13 . 

4.14 Securities Laws
Disclosure; Publicity. At the request of the Representative, by 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the next Business Day following the date hereof, the Company shall issue a press release disclosing the material terms of the Offering. The Company
and the Representative shall consult with each other in issuing any press releases with respect to the Offering, and neither the Company nor any Underwriter shall issue any such press release nor otherwise make any such public statement without the
prior consent of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure is required by law, in which case the disclosing party shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice of such public
statement or communication. The Company will not issue press releases or engage in any other publicity, without the Representatives prior consent, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld, for a period ending at 5:00 p.m. (New York City
time) on the first business day following the 45th day following the Closing Date, other than normal and customary releases issued in the ordinary course of the Companys business. 

22 

4.15 Shareholder Rights Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or,
with the consent of the Company, any other Person, that any Underwriter of the Securities is an Acquiring Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement)
or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by the Company, or that any Underwriter of Securities could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving Securities. 

4.16 Reservation of Common Shares. As of the date hereof, the Company has reserved, and the Company shall continue to reserve and keep
available at all times while the Over-Allotment Option is outstanding, free of preemptive rights, a sufficient number of Common Shares for the purpose of enabling the Company to issue the Closing Shares, Common Shares issuable upon the exercise of
the Closing Warrants, the Pre-Funded Warrants, the Option Shares and Common Shares issuable upon the exercise of the Option Warrants pursuant to the Over-Allotment Option. 

4.17 Listing of Common Shares. The Company agrees to use its commercially reasonable best efforts to effect and maintain the trading of
the Common Shares, including the Closing Shares, the Warrant Shares and the Option Shares on a Trading Market for at least one (1) after the Closing Date; provided that such provision shall not prevent a sale, merger or similar transaction
involving the Company. 

4.18 Directors and Officers Insurance. The Company will use its reasonable best efforts to continue to
maintain the level of D&O insurance obtained by the Company as of the date hereof at least for a period of two (2) years after the Closing. 

4.19 Warrant Shares. If all or any portion of a Warrant or Pre-Funded Warrant is exercised at a
time when there is an effective registration statement to cover the issuance of the Warrant Shares or if the Warrant or Pre-Funded Warrant is exercised via cashless exercise, the Warrant Shares issued pursuant
to any such exercise shall be issued free of all restrictive legends. If at any time following the date hereof the Registration Statement (or any subsequent registration statement registering the sale or resale of the Warrant Shares) is not
effective or is not otherwise available for the sale of the Warrant Shares, the Company shall immediately notify the holders of the Warrants and Pre-Funded Warrant in writing that such registration statement
is not then effective and thereafter shall promptly notify such holders when the registration statement is effective again and available for the sale of the Warrant Shares (it being understood and agreed that the foregoing shall not limit the
ability of the Company to issue, or any holder thereof to sell, any of the Warrant Shares in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws). 

4.20 No sales in Canada. Each Underwriter will not, and will ensure that its Affiliates do not, offer for sale, solicit offers to
purchaser, sell or carry out any act in connection with the sale of, Securities, in Canada or to or for the account of Canadian resident investors. 

ARTICLE V. 

DEFAULT BY
UNDERWRITERS 

If on the Closing Date or any Option Closing Date, if any, any Underwriter shall fail to purchase and pay for the
portion of the Units or Pre-Funded Units or Option Shares or Option Warrants, as the case may be, which such Underwriter has agreed to purchase and pay for on such date (otherwise than by reason of any default
on the part of the Company), the Representative, or if a Representative is the defaulting Underwriter, the non-defaulting Underwriters, shall use their reasonable efforts to procure within thirty six
(36) hours thereafter one or more of the other Underwriters, or any others, to purchase from the Company such amounts as may be agreed upon and upon the terms set forth herein, the Units or Pre-Funded
Units or Option Shares or Option Warrants, as the case may be, which the defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters failed to purchase. If during such thirty six (36) hours the Representative shall not have procured such other Underwriters, or any
others, to purchase the Units or Pre-Funded Units or Option Shares or Option Warrants, as the case may be, agreed to be purchased by the defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters, then (a) if the aggregate
number of Units or Pre-Funded Units or Option Shares or Option Warrants, as the case may be, with respect to which such default shall occur does not exceed 10% of the Units or
Pre-Funded Units or Option Shares or Option Warrants, as the case may be, covered hereby, the other Underwriters shall be obligated, severally, in proportion to the respective numbers of Units or Pre-Funded Units or Option Shares or Option Warrants, as the case may be, which they are obligated to purchase hereunder, to purchase the Units or Pre-Funded Units or Option
Shares or Option Warrants, as the case may be, which such defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters failed to purchase, 

23 

or (b) if the aggregate number of Units or Pre-Funded Units or Option Shares or Option Warrants, as the case may be, with respect to which such
default shall occur exceeds 10% of the Units or Pre-Funded Units or Option Shares or Option Warrants, as the case may be, covered hereby, the Company or the Representative will have the right to terminate this
Agreement without liability on the part of the non-defaulting Underwriters or of the Company except to the extent provided in Article VI hereof. In the event of a default by any Underwriter or
Underwriters, as set forth in this Article V, the applicable Closing Date may be postponed for such period, not exceeding seven days, as the Representative, or if a Representative is the defaulting Underwriter, the non-defaulting Underwriters, may determine in order that the required changes in the Prospectus or in any other documents or arrangements may be effected. The term Underwriter includes any person
substituted for a defaulting Underwriter. Any action taken under this Section shall not relieve any defaulting Underwriter from liability in respect of any default of such Underwriter under this Agreement. 

ARTICLE VI. 

INDEMNIFICATION 

6.1
Indemnification of the Underwriters. The Company shall indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter, its directors, owners, officers, employees and agents of such Underwriter and each person, if any, who controls such Underwriter within the
meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act from and against any and all losses, claims, liabilities, expenses and damages (including any and all investigative, legal and other expenses reasonably incurred
in connection with, and any amount paid in settlement of, any action, suit or proceeding between any of the indemnified parties and any indemnifying parties or between any indemnified party and any third party, or otherwise, or any claim asserted),
to which they, or any of them, may become subject under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or other federal or state statutory law or regulation, at common law or otherwise, insofar as such losses, claims, liabilities, expenses or damages arise
out of or are based on (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement, Preliminary Prospectus Supplement or Prospectus Supplement (or any amendment thereto), including the
information deemed to be a part of the Registration Statement at the time of effectiveness and at any subsequent time pursuant to Rules 430A and 430B of the Securities Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, as applicable, or the omission or
alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading or (ii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained the Preliminary
Prospectus Supplement or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement to any of the foregoing) or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading or (iii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any materials or information provided to investors by, or with the approval of, the Company in connection with
the marketing of the Offering of the Securities, including any roadshow or investor presentations made to investors by the Company (whether in person or electronically) (collectively, Marketing Materials) or the omission or
alleged omission therefrom of a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading or (iv) in whole or in part any inaccuracy in any material respect in
the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein; provided, however, that the Company shall not be liable to the extent that such loss, claim, liability, expense or damage is based on any untrue statement or omission
or alleged untrue statement or omission made in reliance on and in conformity with Underwriters Information. This indemnity agreement will be in addition to any liability that the Company might otherwise have. For all purposes of this
Agreement, the information set forth in the Prospectus Supplement in the sections under the caption Underwriting constitutes the only information (the Underwriters Information) relating to the Underwriters
furnished in writing to the Company by the Underwriters through the Representative specifically for inclusion in the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement or the Prospectus. 

6.2 Indemnification of the Company. Each Underwriter, severally and not jointly, agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, the
directors, officers, employees and agents of the Company and each other person or entity, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, against any losses,
liabilities, claims, damages and expenses whatsoever, as incurred (including but not limited to reasonable attorneys fees and any and all reasonable expenses whatsoever, incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation,
commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever, and any and all amounts paid in settlement of any claim or litigation), joint or several, to which they or any of them may become subject under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise,
insofar as such losses, liabilities, claims, damages or 

24 

expenses (or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon an untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement, any Preliminary
Prospectus Supplement or the Prospectus Supplement, or any amendment or supplement to it, or arise out of or are based upon the omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the
statements therein not misleading, in each case to the extent, but only to the extent, that any such loss, liability, claim, damage or expense (or action in respect thereof) arises out of or is based upon any such untrue statement or alleged untrue
statement or omission or alleged omission made therein in reliance upon the Underwriters Information; provided, however, that in no case shall any Underwriter be liable or responsible for any amount in excess of the
underwriting discount and commissions received applicable to the Securities purchased by such Underwriter hereunder. 

6.3
Indemnification Procedures. Any party that proposes to assert the right to be indemnified under this Article VI shall, promptly after receipt of notice of commencement of any action against such party in respect of which a claim is to
be made against an indemnifying party or parties under this Article VI, notify each such indemnifying party of the commencement of such action, enclosing a copy of all papers served, but the omission so to notify such indemnifying party shall
not relieve the indemnifying party from any liability that it may have to any indemnified party under the foregoing provisions of this Article VI unless, and only to the extent that, such omission results in the forfeiture of substantive
rights or defenses by the indemnifying party. If any such action is brought against any indemnified party and it notifies the indemnifying party of its commencement, the indemnifying party will be entitled to participate in and, to the extent that
it elects by delivering written notice to the indemnified party promptly after receiving notice of the commencement of the action from the indemnified party, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly notified, to assume the defense of the
action, with counsel satisfactory to the indemnified party, and after notice from the indemnifying party to the indemnified party of its election to assume the defense, the indemnifying party will not be liable to the indemnified party for any legal
or other expenses except as provided below and except for the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs of investigation subsequently incurred by the indemnified
party in connection with the defense. The indemnified party will have the right to employ its own counsel in any such action, but the fees, expenses and other charges of such counsel will be at the expense of such indemnified party unless
(i) the employment of counsel by the indemnified party has been authorized in writing by one of the indemnifying parties in connection with the defense of such action, (ii) the indemnified party has reasonably concluded (based on advice of
counsel) that there may be legal defenses available to it or other indemnified parties that are different from or in addition to those available to the indemnifying party, (iii) the indemnified party has reasonably concluded that a conflict or
potential conflict exists (based on advice of counsel to the indemnified party) between the indemnified party and the indemnifying party (in which case the indemnifying party shall not have the right to direct the defense of such action on behalf of
the indemnified party), (iv) the indemnifying party does not diligently defend the action after assumption of the defense, or (v) the indemnifying party has not in fact employed counsel satisfactory to the indemnified party to assume the
defense of such action within a reasonable time after receiving notice of the commencement of the action, in each of which cases the reasonable fees, disbursements and other charges of counsel shall be at the expense of the indemnifying party or
parties. It is understood that the indemnifying party or parties shall not, in connection with any proceeding or related proceedings in the same jurisdiction, be liable for the reasonable fees, disbursements and other charges of more than one
separate firm admitted to practice in such jurisdiction at any one time for all such indemnified party or parties. All such fees, disbursements and other charges shall be reimbursed by the indemnifying party promptly as they are incurred. An
indemnifying party shall not be liable for any settlement of any action or claim effected without its written consent (which consent will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed). No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of
each indemnified party, settle or compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment in any pending or threatened claim, action or proceeding relating to the matters contemplated by this Article VI (whether or not any indemnified party is a
party thereto), unless (x) such settlement, compromise or consent (i) includes an unconditional release of each indemnified party from all liability arising or that may arise out of such claim, action or proceeding and (ii) does not
include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf of any indemnified party, and (y) the indemnifying party confirms in writing its indemnification obligations hereunder with respect to such
settlement, compromise or judgment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if at any time an indemnified party shall have requested an indemnifying party to reimburse the indemnified party for fees and expenses of counsel, such indemnifying party agrees
that it shall be liable for any settlement of the nature contemplated by Section 6(a) effected without its written consent if (A) such settlement is entered into more than 45 days after receipt by such indemnifying
party of the aforesaid request, (B) such indemnifying party shall have received notice of the terms of such settlement at least 30 days prior to such settlement being entered into and (iii) such indemnifying party shall not have reimbursed
such indemnified party in accordance with such request prior to the date of such settlement. 

25 

6.4 Contribution. In order to provide for just and equitable contribution in
circumstances in which the indemnification provided for in the foregoing paragraphs of this Article VI is applicable in accordance with its terms but for any reason is held to be unavailable, the Company and the Underwriters shall
contribute to the total losses, claims, liabilities, expenses and damages (including any investigative, legal and other expenses reasonably incurred in connection with, and any amount paid in settlement of, any action, suit or proceeding or any
claim asserted, but after deducting any contribution received by the Company from persons other than the Underwriters, such as persons who control the Company within the meaning of the Securities Act, officers of the Company who signed the
Registration Statement and directors of the Company, who may also be liable for contribution), to which the Company and the Underwriter may be subject in such proportion as shall be appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the
Company on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other from the Offering of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement. The relative benefits received by the Company and the Underwriters shall be deemed to be in the same proportion as (x) the
total proceeds from the Offering (net of underwriting discount and commissions but before deducting expenses) received by the Company bears to (y) the underwriting discount and commissions received by the Underwriters, in each case as set forth
in the table on the cover page of the Prospectus. If, but only if, the allocation provided by the foregoing sentence is not permitted by applicable law, the allocation of contribution shall be made in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not
only the relative benefits referred to in the foregoing sentence but also the relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other, with respect to the statements or omissions which resulted in such loss, claim,
liability, expense or damage, or action in respect thereof, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations with respect to such offering. Such relative fault shall be determined by reference to whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement
of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company or the Underwriters, the intent of the parties and their relative knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct
or prevent such statement or omission. The Company and the Underwriters agree that it would not be just and equitable if contributions pursuant to this Section 6.4 were to be determined by pro rata allocation or by any
other method of allocation (even if the Underwriters were treated as one entity for such purpose) which does not take into account the equitable considerations referred to herein. The amount paid or payable by an indemnified party as a result of the
loss, claim, liability, expense or damage, or action in respect thereof, referred to above in this Section 6.4 shall be deemed to include, for purpose of this Section 6.4, any legal or other
expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in connection with investigating or defending any such action or claim. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 6.4, no Underwriter shall be required to
contribute any amount in excess of the underwriting discounts and commissions received by it. No person found guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution
from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. For purposes of this Section 6.4, any person who controls a party to this Agreement within the meaning of the Securities Act will have the same rights
to contribution as that party, and each officer of the Company who signed the Registration Statement will have the same rights to contribution as the Company, and each director, officer, employee, counsel or agent of an Underwriter will have the
same rights to contribution as such Underwriter, subject in each case to the provisions hereof. Any party entitled to contribution, promptly after receipt of notice of commencement of any action against such party in respect of which a claim for
contribution may be made under this Section 6.4, will notify any such party or parties from whom contribution may be sought, but the omission so to notify will not relieve the party or parties from whom contribution may be
sought from any other obligation it or they may have under this Section 6.4. The obligations of the Underwriters to contribute pursuant to this Section 6.4 are several in proportion to the
respective number of Securities to be purchased by each of the Underwriters hereunder and not joint. No party will be liable for contribution with respect to any action or claim settled without its written consent (which consent will not be
unreasonably withheld). 

6.5 Survival. The indemnity and contribution agreements contained in this Article VI and the
representations and warranties of the Company contained in this Agreement shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of (i) any investigation made by or on behalf of any Underwriter or any controlling Person thereof,
(ii) acceptance of any of the Securities and payment therefor or (iii) any termination of this Agreement. 

26 

ARTICLE VII. 

MISCELLANEOUS 

7.1
Termination. 

(a) Termination Right. The Representative shall have the right to terminate this Agreement by notifying the
Company at any time prior to any Closing Date, (i) if any domestic or international event or act or occurrence has materially disrupted, or in their opinion will in the immediate future materially disrupt, general securities markets in the
United States; or (ii) if trading on any Trading Market shall have been suspended or materially limited, or minimum or maximum prices for trading shall have been fixed, or maximum ranges for prices for securities shall have been required by
FINRA or by order of the Commission or any other government or self-regulatory authority having jurisdiction, or (iii) if the United States shall have become involved in a new war or an increase in major hostilities, (iv) if a banking
moratorium has been declared by a New York State or federal authority, or (v) if a moratorium on foreign exchange trading has been declared which materially adversely impacts the United States securities markets, . 

(b) Indemnification. Notwithstanding any contrary provision contained in this Agreement, any election hereunder or any termination of
this Agreement, and whether or not this Agreement is otherwise carried out, the provisions of Article VI shall not be in any way effected by such election or termination or failure to carry out the terms of this Agreement or any part
hereof. 

7.2 Entire Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, the Registration
Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement and the Prospectus Supplement, contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or
written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules. 

7.3
Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the date of transmission, if such
notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or e-mail attachment at the email address set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City
time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or e-mail attachment at the e-mail address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2nd) Trading Day following
the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on
the signature pages attached hereto. 

7.4 Amendments; Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented
or amended except in a written instrument signed, in the case of an amendment, by the Company and Aegis. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in
the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right.
Failure of either party to enforce, at any time, any provision of this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such provision in any way or of the right of such party at any time to avail itself of such remedies as it may have for any breach or
breaches of such provision. 

7.5 Headings. The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement
and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof. 

7.6 Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be
binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns. This Agreement is not assignable by the Company without the prior written consent of Aegis. Aegis may assign any right hereunder, or any Aegis assignee
may further assign any right hereunder, to broker-dealer or office of supervisory jurisdiction controlled by Aegis. 

27 

7.7 Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement
and interpretation of the Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal
proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement(whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members,
employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York,
Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any action, suit or proceeding,
any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and
consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this
Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If
either party shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Agreement, then, in addition to the obligations of the Company under Article VI, the prevailing party in such action, suit or proceeding shall be
reimbursed by the other party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the
contrary, the Company agrees that neither Aegis nor its affiliates, and the respective officers, directors, employees, agents and representatives of Aegis, its affiliates and each other person, if any, controlling Aegis or any of its affiliates,
shall have any liability (whether direct or indirect, in contract or tort or otherwise) to the Company for or in connection with the engagement and transaction described herein except for any such liability for losses, claims, damages or liabilities
incurred by the Company that are finally judicially determined to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such individuals or entities. If Aegis shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this
Agreement, then in the event that Aegis is the prevailing party in such action, suit or proceeding, in addition to the obligations of the Company under Article VI hereof, Aegis shall be reimbursed by the Company for its reasonable
attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding. 

7.8 Survival. The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and the Option Closing, if any, and the
delivery of the Securities. 

7.9 Execution. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken
together shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party, it being understood that the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the
event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or by e-mail delivery of a .pdf format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing
(or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or .pdf signature page were an original thereof. 

7.10 Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be
invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall
use their commercially reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be
the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable. 

7.11 Remedies. In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages,
the Underwriters and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary damages may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations
contained in the Transaction Documents and hereby agree to waive and not to assert in any action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate. 

28 

7.12 Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking
of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day. 

7.13 Construction. The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise
the Transaction Documents and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments
thereto. In addition, each and every reference to share prices and Common Shares in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of
the Common Shares that occur after the date of this Agreement. 

7.14 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR
PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY, THE PARTIES EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY
APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVE FOREVER ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY.

7.15 No
Third Party Beneficiaries. The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure solely to the benefit of the parties hereto and the indemnified parties hereto, are not intended to confer upon any Person other than the parties
hereto, and the Underwriters where so indicated any rights, benefits, remedies, obligations or liabilities hereunder. 

[SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW] 

29 

If the foregoing correctly sets forth the understanding between the Underwriters and the Company, please so
indicate in the space provided below for that purpose, whereupon this letter shall constitute a binding agreement among the Company and the several Underwriters in accordance with its terms. 

Very truly yours,

Li-Cycle Holdings Corp.

By: 

/s/ Ajay Kochhar

Name: Ajay Kochhar

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

Address for Notice: 

Li-Cycle Holdings Corp. 

207 Queens Quay West, Suite 590, 

Toronto, ON M5J IA7, Canada 

Attn: Ajay Kochhar 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Telephone: 

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): 

Freshfields
US LLP 

3 World Trade Center, 175 Greenwich Street 

New York,
NY 10007 

Attention: Andrea M. Basham 

Email: 

and 

McCarthy Ttrault LLP 

66 Wellington St W 

Suite 5300 

Toronto, ON M5K 1E6 

Attention: Fraser Bourne 

Email: 

Accepted by the Representative, acting for themselves
and as Representative of the Underwriters named on Schedule I hereto, as of the date first above written: 

Aegis Capital Corp.

By: 

/s/ Robert J. Eide

Name: Robert J. Eide

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Address for Notice: 

Aegis
Capital Corp. 

1345 Avenue of the Americas, 27th Floor 

New
York, New York 10015 

Attn: Robert J. Eide 

Title: Chief
Executive Officer 

With Copy to (which shall not constitute notice): 

Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP 

1185 Avenue of the Americas,
31st floor 

New York, NY 10036 

Telephone: 

Attention: Ross David Carmel, Esq. 

Email: 

SCHEDULE I 

Schedule of Underwriters 

Underwriters Number of

Units Being

Purchased Number of

Pre-

Funded

Units

Being

Purchased Maximum Number of

Option Shares That

May Be Purchased Maximum Number of

Option Eight Month

Warrants That May

Be Purchased Maximum

Number of

Option

Five-Year

Warrants

That May

Be

Purchased 

Aegis Capital Corp. 5,000,000 10,000,000 2,250,000 2,250,000 2,250,000 

Total 5,000,000 10,000,000 2,250,000 2,250,000 2,250,000 

SCHEDULE II 

Pricing Information 

Number of Closing Units: 15,000,000 

Number of Units containing Firm Shares (Common Units) 5,000,000 

Number of Units containing Pre-funded
Warrants (Pre-funded Units) 10,000,000 

Number of Option Shares: 2,250,000 

Number of Option Pre-funded Warrants: 0 

Number of Option Series A Common Warrants: 2,250,000 

Number of Option Series B Common Warrants: 2,250,000 

Public Offering Price per Common Unit: $ 1.00 

Public Offering Price per Pre-funded Unit: $ 0.99999 

Exercise Price per Pre-Funded Warrant: $ 0.00001 

Exercise Price per Series A Common Warrant: $ 1.00 

Exercise Price per Series B Common Warrant: $ 1.00 

Underwriting Discount per Common Unit: $ 0.07 

Underwriting Discount per Pre-Funded Unit: $ 0.0699993 

Purchase Price per Option Share: $ 0.99998 

Purchase Price per full Series A or B Option Common Warrant: $ 0.00001 

EXHIBIT B 

Form of Lock-Up Agreement 

Lock-Up Agreement 

for 

Officers, Directors
and 10% or Greater Shareholders 

January 15, 2025 

Aegis Capital Corp. 

1345 Avenue of the Americas, 27th Floor

New York, New York 10015 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

The undersigned, an officer, director and/or holder of common shares (the Common Shares), or rights to
acquire Common Shares of Li-Cycle Holdings Corp., an Ontario Corporation (the Company), understands that you are the representative (the Representative) of several
underwriters (collectively, the Underwriters and if there are no Underwriters other than the Representative, references to multiple Underwriters shall be disregarded and the term Representative as used herein shall have the same
meaning as Underwriter), named or to be named in the final form of Schedule I to the underwriting agreement (the Underwriting Agreement) to be entered into among the Underwriters and the Company,
providing for the public offering (the Public Offering) of securities of the Company (the Securities) pursuant to a registration statement (No. 333-278010) filed (the
Registration Statement) with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on March 15, 2024 and the Prospectus Supplement filed with the SEC on January 15, 2025. 

In consideration of the Underwriters agreement to enter into the Underwriting Agreement and to proceed with the Public
Offering of the Securities, and for other good and valuable consideration, receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the Undersigned hereby agrees, for the benefit of the Company, the Representative and the other Underwriters that, without the prior
written consent of the Representative, the Undersigned will not, during the period commencing on the date of this Lock-up Agreement and continuing and including the date that is ninety (90) days after the
closing of the Public Offering (the Lock-Up Period), unless otherwise provided herein, directly or indirectly (a) offer, sell, agree to offer or sell, solicit offers to purchase, grant
any call option or purchase any put option with respect to, pledge, encumber, assign, borrow or otherwise dispose of (each a Transfer) any Relevant Security (as defined below) or otherwise publicly disclose the intention to do so,
or (b) establish or increase any put equivalent position or liquidate or decrease any call equivalent position with respect to any Relevant Security (in each case within the meaning of Section 16 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and the rules and regulations thereunder) with respect to any Relevant Security or otherwise enter into any swap, derivative or other transaction or arrangement that Transfers
to another, in whole or in part, any economic consequence of ownership of a Relevant Security, whether or not such transaction is to be settled by the delivery of Relevant Securities, other securities, cash or other consideration, or otherwise
publicly disclose the intention to do so. As used herein, the term Relevant Security means any Share, any unit, any warrant to purchase Shares or any other security of the Company or any other entity that is convertible into, or
exercisable or exchangeable for, Shares or any other equity security of the Company, in each case owned beneficially or otherwise by the Undersigned on the date of closing of the Public Offering or acquired by the Undersigned during the Lock-Up Period. 

The restrictions in the foregoing paragraph shall not apply to
(a) any exercise (including a cashless or net exercise or broker-assisted exercise and payment of tax obligations), vesting or settlement, as applicable, by the Undersigned of options, warrants, restricted share units or performance share units
to purchase Shares or other equity awards pursuant to any stock incentive plan or stock purchase plan of the Company; provided that any Shares received by the Undersigned upon such exercise, conversion or exchange will be subject to the Lock-Up Period, (b) any establishment of a trading plan pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act for the Transfer of Shares (a Trading Plan);
provided that (i) the Trading Plan shall not provide for or permit any Transfers, sales or other dispositions of Shares during the Lock-Up Period, unless such Trading Plan was already in place prior to
the date of the Underwriting 

Agreement and (ii) the Trading Plan would not require any filing under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, unless required by a pre-existing
Trading Plan and no such filing is voluntarily made, (c) any Transfer of Shares acquired in open market transactions following the closing of the Public Offering, provided the Transfer would not require any filing under Section 16(a) of
the Exchange Act and no such filing is voluntarily made, (d) the Transfer of the Undersigneds Shares or any security convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Shares to the Company in connection with the termination of
the Undersigneds employment with the Company or pursuant to contractual arrangements under which the Company has the option to repurchase such shares, provided that no filing by any party under the Exchange Act shall be required or shall be
made voluntarily within 45 days after the date the Undersigned ceases to provide services to the Company, and after such 45th day, if the Undersigned is required to file a report under the
Exchange Act reporting a reduction in beneficial ownership of Common Shares during the Lock-Up Period, the Undersigned shall clearly indicate in the footnotes thereto that the filing relates to the termination
of the Undersigneds employment, and no other public announcement shall be made voluntarily in connection with such transfer (other than the filing on a Form 5 made after the expiration of the Lock-Up
Period), (e) the conversion of the outstanding securities into Shares, provided that any such Shares received upon such conversion shall be subject to the restrictions on Transfer set forth in this Lock-Up
Agreement, or (f) the Transfer of Shares or any security convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Shares pursuant to a bona fide third-party tender offer for securities of the Company, merger, consolidation or other similar
transaction that is approved by the board of directors of the Company, made to all holders of Common Shares involving a change of control (as defined below), provided that all of the Undersigneds Relevant Securities subject to this Lock-Up Agreement shall remain subject to the restrictions herein. For purposes of this Lock-Up Agreement, change of control means any transfer (whether by tender
offer, merger, consolidation or other similar transaction), in one transaction or a series of related transactions, the result of which is that any person (as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), or group of affiliated
persons, other than the Company, becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 of the Exchange Act) of 50% or more of the total voting power of the
voting stock of the Company (or the surviving entity); provided that for the avoidance of doubt, the Public Offering shall not constitute a change of control. 

In addition, the Undersigned further agrees that, except for the Registration Statement or any registration statement on Form S-8, during the Lock-Up Period, the Undersigned will not, without the prior written consent of the Representative: (a) file or participate in the filing with the SEC any
registration statement or circulate or participate in the circulation of any preliminary or final prospectus or other disclosure document, in each case with respect to any proposed offering or sale of a Relevant Security beneficially owned by the
Undersigned, or (b) exercise any rights the Undersigned may have to require registration with the SEC of any proposed offering or sale of a Relevant Security beneficially owned by the Undersigned. 

In furtherance of the Undersigneds obligations hereunder, the Undersigned hereby authorizes the Company during the Lock-Up Period to cause the transfer agent for the Relevant Securities to decline to Transfer, and to note stop transfer restrictions on the stock register and other records relating to, Relevant Securities for
which the Undersigned is the record owner and the Transfer of which would be a violation of this Lock-Up Agreement and, in the case of the Relevant Securities for which the Undersigned is the beneficial owner
but not the record owner, the Undersigned agrees that during the Lock Up Period it will use its reasonable best efforts to cause the record owner to authorize the Company to cause the relevant transfer agent to decline to transfer, and to note stop
transfer restrictions on the stock register and other records relating to such Relevant Securities to the extent such transfer would be a violation of this Lock Up Agreement. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything contained herein to the contrary, the Undersigned may transfer the
Undersigneds Relevant Securities: 

(i) 

as a bona fide gift or gifts, including charitable contributions, or for bona fide estate
planning purposes; 

(ii) 

To any immediate family member of the Undersigned, or to any trust, partnership, limited liability company
or other legal entity commonly used for estate planning purposes which is established for the direct or indirect benefit of the Undersigned or a member or members of the immediate family of the Undersigned; 

(iii) 

if the Undersigned is a corporation, partnership, limited liability company, trust or other business entity,
(1) to another corporation, partnership, limited liability company, trust or other business entity that is a direct or indirect Affiliate (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended) of the Undersigned, (2) to
partners, limited liability company members or stockholders of the Undersigned or holders of similar equity interests in the Undersigned, or (3) in connection with a sale, merger or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the
Undersigned or any other change of control of the Undersigned, not undertaken for the purpose of avoiding the restrictions imposed by this Lock-Up Agreement; 

(iv) 

if the Undersigned is a trust, to the trustee or beneficiary of such trust or to the estate of a beneficiary
of such trust; 

(v) 

by testate or intestate succession; 

(vi) 

by operation of law, such as pursuant to a qualified domestic order or in connection with a divorce
settlement; 

(vii) 

pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement; 

(viii) 

to a nominee or custodian of a person or entity to whom a disposition or transfer would be permissible under
clauses (i), (ii), (iv) or (v) above; or 

(ix) 

the withholder of Shares by, or surrender of Shares to, the Company pursuant to a net or
cashless exercise or settlement feature to cover taxes due upon or the consideration required in connection with the exercise of securities issued under an equity incentive plan or stock purchase plan of the Company;

provided, in the case of clauses (i)-(vi), that (A) such transfer shall not involve a
disposition for value, (B) the transferee agrees in writing with the Underwriters and the Company to be bound by the terms of this Lock-Up Agreement, and (C) such transfer would not require any
filing under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act and no such filing is voluntarily made. 

For purposes of this Lock-Up Agreement, immediate family shall mean any relationship by blood, marriage, domestic partnership or adoption, not more remote than first cousin. 

The Undersigned, whether or not participating in the Public Offering, understands that the Underwriters are entering into the
Underwriting Agreement and proceeding with the Public Offering in reliance upon this Lock-Up Agreement. The Undersigned further understands that this Lock-up Agreement
is irrevocable and shall be binding upon the Undersigneds heirs, legal representatives, successors and assigns. 

The
Undersigned hereby represents and warrants that the Undersigned has full power and authority to enter into this Lock-Up Agreement and that this Lock-Up Agreement has
been duly authorized (if the Undersigned is not a natural person) and constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Undersigned, enforceable in accordance with its terms. Upon request, the Undersigned will execute any additional
documents necessary in connection with the enforcement hereof. Any obligations of the Undersigned shall be binding upon the successors and assigns of the Undersigned from the date of this Lock-Up Agreement.

This Lock-Up Agreement shall
automatically terminate and be of no further effect upon the earliest to occur, if any, of the following: (i) prior to the execution of the Underwriting Agreement, upon such date the Company, on the one hand, or you, on the other hand, notifies
the other in writing that it does not intend to proceed with the Public Offering, (ii) the Underwriting Agreement is not executed before January 31, 2025, (iii) the date that the Company withdraws the registration statement related to the
Public Offering, or (iv) upon the termination (other than the provisions thereof that survive termination) of the Underwriting Agreement in accordance with the terms thereof prior to payment for and delivery of the Securities to be sold
thereunder. 

This Lock-Up Agreement shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. Delivery of a signed copy of this Lock-Up Agreement by facsimile or
e-mail/.pdf transmission shall be effective as the delivery of the original hereof. 

In witness whereof, the Undersigned hereby agrees to the above on the date set forth above. 

By: 

Name: 

Title:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d867622dex41.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.1
<TEXT>
EX-4.1

Exhibit 4.1 

FORM OF COMMON SHARE PURCHASE WARRANT 

LI-CYCLE HOLDINGS CORP. 

Warrant Shares: [] Issue Date: [], 2025

This COMMON SHARE PURCHASE WARRANT (this Warrant) certifies that, for value received,
_____________________ or its assigns (the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after [], 2025 (the Initial
Exercise Date) and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on [], 2025 (the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Li-Cycle Holdings
Corp., an Ontario corporation (the Company), up to [] Common Shares (subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares). The purchase price of one Common Share under this Warrant shall be equal to the
Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b). 

Section 1. Definitions. Capitalized terms used and not
otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in that certain Underwriting Agreement, dated as of January 15, 2025 between the Company and Aegis Capital Corp. (the Underwriting Agreement), as Representative of
the Underwriters named therein, as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with its terms. 

Section 2. Exercise. 

a) Exercise of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in
part, at any time or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Warrant Agent of a duly executed PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice of Exercise). Within the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days
comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver to the Warrant Agent the aggregate Exercise Price for the shares specified in the applicable
Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the
contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Warrant Agent until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder
shall surrender this Warrant to the Warrant Agent for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Warrant Agent. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a
portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder
and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver to the Holder any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Business Day of receipt of such
notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares
available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

b) Exercise Price. The exercise price per Warrant Share under this Warrant shall be $1.00 (subject to adjustment
hereunder, the Exercise Price). 

c) Cashless Exercise. If at the time of exercise hereof
there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus contained therein is not available for the issuance of the Warrant Shares to the Holder, then this Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means
of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where: 

(A) = as applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day
immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered
pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option
of the Holder, either (y) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise or (z) the Bid Price of the Common Share on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P.
(Bloomberg) as of the time of the Holders execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours
thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such
Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day; 

(B) = the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and 

(X) = the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the
terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise. 

If Warrant Shares
are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that, in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised. The
Company agrees not to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c). 

Bid Price means, for any
date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Share is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Share for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date) on
the Trading Market on which the Common Share is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume
weighted average price of the Common Share for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Share is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Share are
then reported on The Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Share so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value
of a Common Share as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by
the Company. 

VWAP means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that
applies: (a) if the Common Shares are then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Shares for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Share is then
listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Shares for such
date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Shares are not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Shares are then reported on The Pink Open Market (or a
similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Share so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a Common Share as determined by an
independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company. 

d) Mechanics of Exercise. 

i. Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be
transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if
the Transfer Agent is then a participant in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B) this Warrant is being
exercised via cashless exercise, and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant
to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise, by the date that is the earliest of (i) two (2) Trading Days after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise, (ii) one (1) Trading Day after
delivery of the aggregate Exercise Price to the Company and (iii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery
Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date
of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received within the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days
comprising the Standard Settlement Period following delivery of the Notice of Exercise. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company
shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Share on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $5 per Trading Day
(increasing to $10 per Trading Day on the third Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company
agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed
in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Shares as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise. 

ii. Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall,
at the request of the Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for
by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects be identical with this Warrant. 

iii. Rescission
Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise. 

iv. Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon
Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section 2(d)(i) above pursuant to an
exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, Common Shares to
deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the
Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the Common Shares so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant
Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder,
either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of Common Shares that would have
been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Share having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In
with respect to an attempted exercise of Warrant Shares with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause 

(A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder
in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law
or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver Common Shares upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

v. No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued
upon the exercise of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an
amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share. 

vi. Charges,
Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid
by the Company, and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however, that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name
other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum
sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust
Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares. 

vii. Closing of Books. The Company will not close its shareholder books or records in any manner which prevents the
timely exercise of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof. 

e) Holders Exercise Limitations. The Company
shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise as set
forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution
Parties)), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of Common Shares beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution
Parties shall include the number of Common Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of Common Shares which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the
remaining, non-exercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or non-converted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Share Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation
contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with
Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the
Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the
determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of
the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution
Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and neither the Company nor the Warrant Agent shall have an obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such
determination. In addition, a determination as to any 

group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this
Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding Common Shares, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding Common Shares as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as
the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of Common Shares outstanding. Upon the written request of a Holder, the
Company shall within three (3) Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of Common Shares then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding Common Shares shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion
or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding Common Shares was reported. The Beneficial Ownership
Limitation shall be 4.99% (or, upon election by a Holder in compliance with this Section 2(e) prior to the issuance of any Warrants, 9.99%) of the number of Common Shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of
Common Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no
event exceeds 9.99% of the number of Common Shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of Common Shares upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply.
Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed
and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation
herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant. 

Section 3. Certain Adjustments. 

a) Share Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a share
dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions on its Common Shares or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in Common Shares (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any Common Shares issued by the Company
upon exercise of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding Common Shares into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of share consolidation) outstanding Common Shares into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by
reclassification of the Common Shares any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of Common Shares (excluding treasury shares, if any)
outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of Common Shares outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted
such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to receive
such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

b) Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make
any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of Common Shares, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or
options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the
Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of Common Shares acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to
any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record
holders of Common Shares are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any Common Shares as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the
portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). 

c) Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant
is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any merger, amalgamation, arrangement or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company or any Subsidiary,
directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer,
tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Shares are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by
the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Common Shares, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Shares or any compulsory
share exchange pursuant to which the Common Shares are effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share
purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger, amalgamation or arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons
whereby such other Person or group acquires more than 50% of the outstanding Common Shares (not including any Common Shares held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or
party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination) (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant
Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the
number of Common Shares of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental
Transaction by a holder of the number of Common Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of
any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one Common Share in such Fundamental
Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Shares are given
any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental
Transaction. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in the event of a Fundamental Transaction, the Company or any Successor Entity (as defined below) shall, at the Holders option, exercisable at any time concurrently with, or within 30 days
after, the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction (or, if later, the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction), purchase this Warrant from the Holder by paying to the Holder an amount of cash equal to the Black
Scholes Value (as defined below) of the remaining unexercised portion of this Warrant on the date of the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction; provided, however, that, if the Fundamental Transaction is not within the
Companys control, including not approved by the Companys Board of Directors, the Holder shall only be entitled to receive from the Company or any Successor Entity, as of the date of consummation of such Fundamental Transaction, the same
type or form of consideration (and in the same proportion), at the Black Scholes Value of the unexercised portion of this Warrant, that is being offered and paid to the holders of Common Share of the Company in connection with the Fundamental
Transaction, whether that consideration be in the form of cash, stock or any combination thereof, or whether the holders of Common Share are given the choice to receive from among alternative forms of consideration in connection with the Fundamental
Transaction; provided, further, that if holders of Common Share of the Company are not offered or paid any consideration in such Fundamental Transaction, such holders of Common Share will be deemed to have received Common
Share of the Successor Entity (which Entity may be the Company following such Fundamental Transaction) in such Fundamental Transaction. Black Scholes Value means the value of this Warrant based on the Black-Scholes Option Pricing
Model obtained from the 

OV function on Bloomberg determined as of the day of consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction for pricing purposes and reflecting (A) a risk-free interest rate
corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date, (B) an expected volatility equal to the greater of 100% and
the 100 day volatility obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg (determined utilizing a 365 day annualization factor) as of the Trading Day immediately following the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction, (C) the
underlying price per share used in such calculation shall be the greater of (i) the sum of the price per share being offered in cash, if any, plus the value of any non-cash consideration, if any, being
offered in such Fundamental Transaction and (ii) the highest VWAP during the period beginning on the Trading Day immediately preceding the announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction (or the consummation of the applicable Fundamental
Transaction, if earlier) and ending on the Trading Day of the Holders request pursuant to this Section 3(c) and (D) a remaining option time equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental
Transaction and the Termination Date and (E) a zero cost of borrow. The payment of the Black Scholes Value will be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds (or such other consideration) within the later of (i) five Business
Days of the Holders election and (ii) the date of consummation of the Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor
Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(c) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the
Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to
the Common Shares acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price
hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the Common Shares pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such
exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the
occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents
referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents
with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein.

d) Calculations. All
calculations under this Section 3 shall be made by the Company to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of Common Shares deemed to be issued and outstanding as of
a given date shall be the sum of the number of Common Shares (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding. 

e) Notice to Holder. 

i. Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this
Section 3, the Company shall promptly deliver to the Holder by email and to the Warrant Agent (in accordance with Section 16 of the Warrant Agency Agreement) a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting
adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment. 

ii. Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution
in whatever form) on the Common Shares, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Shares, (C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Share rights or
warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any shareholders of the Company shall be required in 

connection with any reclassification of the Common Shares, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially
all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Shares are converted into other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or
winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder at its last email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register, and to the Warrant Agent (in accordance with
Section 16 of the Warrant Agency Agreement), at least 10 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend,
distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Shares of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or
(y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Shares of record shall be entitled
to exchange their Common Shares for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the
delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material,
non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly
set forth herein. 

f) Voluntary Adjustment By Company. Subject to the rules and regulations of the Trading
Market, the Company may at any time during the term of this Warrant, subject to the prior written consent of the Holder, reduce the then current Exercise Price to any amount and for any period of time deemed appropriate by the Board of Directors of
the Company. 

Section 4. Transfer of Warrant. 

a) Transferability. This Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights)
are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the office of the Warrant Agent designated for such purpose, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto properly completed and
duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or
Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so
assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in
which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an Assignment Form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in
accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued. 

b) New Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the
aforesaid office of the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any
transfer which may be involved in such division or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on
transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial issuance date of this Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto. 

c) Warrant Register. The Warrant Agent shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Warrant Agent
(or, in the event a Holder elects to receive a Definitive Certificate, the Company) for that purpose (the Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company and the Warrant Agent may deem and
treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary. 

Section 5. Miscellaneous. 

a) No Rights as Shareholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any
voting rights, dividends or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly set forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant
Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant to Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in no event shall the Company be required to net cash settle an exercise of this
Warrant. 

b) Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the
Company and the Warrant Agent of evidence reasonably satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or
security reasonably satisfactory to it, and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in
lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate. 

c) Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day
for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day. 

d) Authorized Shares. 

The Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued
Common Shares a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full
authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such
Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Shares may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may
be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued,
fully paid and non-assessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with
such issue). 

Except and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action,
including, without limitation, amending its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the
observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to protect the rights of the
Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately
prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable Warrant Shares upon
the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to
perform its obligations under this Warrant. 

Before taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number
of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory body or bodies having
jurisdiction thereof. 

e) Jurisdiction. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and
interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of the Warrant Agency Agreement. 

f) Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not
registered, and the Holder does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by provincial, state, and federal securities laws. 

g) Non-waiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to
exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision of this Warrant or the Warrant Agency Agreement, if
the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses
including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, excluding those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h) Notices. Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder
by the Company shall be delivered in accordance with the notice provisions of the Warrant Agency Agreement. 

i) Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise
this Warrant to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase price of any Common Share or as a shareholder of the Company, whether such
liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company. 

j) Remedies. The Holder, in addition to
being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss
incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate. 

k) Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations
evidenced hereby shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any
Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares. 

l) Warrant
Agency Agreement; Amendment. This Warrant is issued under and in accordance with the Warrant Agency Agreement, and is subject to the terms and provisions contained therein, to all of which terms and provisions the beneficial owners of the
Warrants and the Holders consent by acceptance hereof. The Warrant Agency Agreement is hereby incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof. The Warrant Agency Agreement and this Warrant may be amended and the observance of any term of the
Warrant Agency Agreement or this Warrant may be waived only to the extent provided in the Warrant Agency Agreement. 

m) Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be
effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the
remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant. 

n) Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the
convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant. 

o) Warrant Agency
Agreement. Subject to Section 19 of the Warrant Agency Agreement, to the extent any provision of this Warrant conflicts with the express provisions of the Warrant Agency Agreement, the provisions of this Warrant shall govern and be
controlling. 

(Signature Page Follows) 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer
thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated. 

LI-CYCLE HOLDINGS CORP.

By: 

Name:

Title:

COUNTERSIGNED BY THE WARRANT AGENT:

CONTINENTAL STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY, LLC

By: 

Name:

Title:

NOTICE OF EXERCISE 

TO: LI-CYCLE HOLDINGS CORP., 

(1) The undersigned hereby elects to purchaseWarrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant
(only if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any. 

(2) Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box): 

in lawful money of the United States; or 

if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection
2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in subsection 2(c). 

(3) Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below: 

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number: 

[SIGNATURE OF HOLDER] 

Name of Investing
Entity:

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing
Entity:

Name of Authorized
Signatory:

Title of Authorized
Signatory:

Date:

ASSIGNMENT FORM 

(To assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.) 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to 

Name: ___________________________________

Address:
____________________________________________________________________________________________

Phone Number: ____________________________

Email Address: _____________________________

Dated:,

Holders Signature: __________________________

Holders Address: ___________________________
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d867622dex42.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.2
<TEXT>
EX-4.2

Exhibit 4.2 

FORM OF COMMON SHARE PURCHASE WARRANT 

LI-CYCLE HOLDINGS CORP. 

Warrant Shares: [] Issue Date: [], 2025

This COMMON SHARE PURCHASE WARRANT (this Warrant) certifies that, for value received,
_____________________ or its assigns (the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after [], 2025 (the Initial
Exercise Date) and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on [], 2030 (the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Li-Cycle Holdings
Corp., an Ontario corporation (the Company), up to [] Common Shares (subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares). The purchase price of one Common Share under this Warrant shall be equal to the
Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b). 

Section 1.Definitions. Capitalized terms used and not
otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in that certain Underwriting Agreement, dated as of January 15, 2025 between the Company and Aegis Capital Corp. (the Underwriting Agreement), as Representative of
the Underwriters named therein, as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with its terms. 

Section 2. Exercise. 

a) Exercise of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in
part, at any time or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Warrant Agent of a duly executed PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice of Exercise). Within the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days
comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver to the Warrant Agent the aggregate Exercise Price for the shares specified in the applicable
Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the
contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Warrant Agent until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder
shall surrender this Warrant to the Warrant Agent for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Warrant Agent. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a
portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder
and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver to the Holder any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Business Day of receipt of such
notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares
available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

b) Exercise Price. The exercise price per Warrant Share under this Warrant shall be $1.00 (subject to adjustment
hereunder, the Exercise Price). 

c) Cashless Exercise. If at the time of exercise hereof
there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus contained therein is not available for the issuance of the Warrant Shares to the Holder, then this Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means
of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where: 

1 

(A) = as applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day
immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered
pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option
of the Holder, either (y) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise or (z) the Bid Price of the Common Share on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P.
(Bloomberg) as of the time of the Holders execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours
thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such
Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day; 

(B) = the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and 

(X) = the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the
terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise. 

If Warrant Shares
are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that, in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised. The
Company agrees not to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c). 

Bid Price means, for any
date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Share is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Share for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date) on
the Trading Market on which the Common Share is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume
weighted average price of the Common Share for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Share is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Share are
then reported on The Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Share so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value
of a Common Share as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by
the Company. 

VWAP means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that
applies: (a) if the Common Shares are then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Shares for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Share is then
listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Shares for such
date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Shares are not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Shares are then reported on The Pink Open Market (or a
similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Share so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a Common Share as determined by an
independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company. 

2 

d) Mechanics of Exercise. 

i. Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be
transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if
the Transfer Agent is then a participant in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B) this Warrant is being
exercised via cashless exercise, and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant
to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise, by the date that is the earliest of (i) two (2) Trading Days after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise, (ii) one (1) Trading Day after
delivery of the aggregate Exercise Price to the Company and (iii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery
Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date
of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received within the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days
comprising the Standard Settlement Period following delivery of the Notice of Exercise. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company
shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Share on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $5 per Trading Day
(increasing to $10 per Trading Day on the third Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company
agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed
in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Shares as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise. 

ii. Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall,
at the request of the Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for
by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects be identical with this Warrant. 

iii. Rescission
Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise. 

iv. Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon
Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section 2(d)(i) above pursuant to an
exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, Common Shares to
deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the
Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the Common Shares so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant
Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder,
either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of Common Shares that would have
been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Share having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In
with respect to an attempted exercise of Warrant Shares with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause 

3 

(A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder
in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law
or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver Common Shares upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

v. No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued
upon the exercise of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an
amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share. 

vi. Charges,
Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid
by the Company, and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however, that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name
other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum
sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust
Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares. 

vii. Closing of Books. The Company will not close its shareholder books or records in any manner which prevents the
timely exercise of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof. 

e) Holders Exercise Limitations. The Company
shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise as set
forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution
Parties)), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of Common Shares beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution
Parties shall include the number of Common Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of Common Shares which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the
remaining, non-exercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or non-converted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Share Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation
contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with
Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the
Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the
determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of
the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution
Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and neither the Company nor the Warrant Agent shall have an obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such
determination. In addition, a determination as to any 

4 

group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this
Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding Common Shares, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding Common Shares as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as
the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of Common Shares outstanding. Upon the written request of a Holder, the
Company shall within three (3) Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of Common Shares then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding Common Shares shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion
or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding Common Shares was reported. The Beneficial Ownership
Limitation shall be 4.99% (or, upon election by a Holder in compliance with this Section 2(e) prior to the issuance of any Warrants, 9.99%) of the number of Common Shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of
Common Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no
event exceeds 9.99% of the number of Common Shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of Common Shares upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply.
Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed
and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation
herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant. 

Section 3. Certain Adjustments. 

a) Share Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a share
dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions on its Common Shares or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in Common Shares (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any Common Shares issued by the Company
upon exercise of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding Common Shares into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of share consolidation) outstanding Common Shares into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by
reclassification of the Common Shares any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of Common Shares (excluding treasury shares, if any)
outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of Common Shares outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted
such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to receive
such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

b) Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make
any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of Common Shares, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or
options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the
Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of Common Shares acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to
any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record
holders of Common Shares are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any Common Shares as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the
portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). 

5 

c) Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant
is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any merger, amalgamation, arrangement or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company or any Subsidiary,
directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer,
tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Shares are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by
the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Common Shares, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Shares or any compulsory
share exchange pursuant to which the Common Shares are effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share
purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger, amalgamation or arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons
whereby such other Person or group acquires more than 50% of the outstanding Common Shares (not including any Common Shares held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or
party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination) (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant
Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the
number of Common Shares of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental
Transaction by a holder of the number of Common Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of
any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one Common Share in such Fundamental
Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Shares are given
any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental
Transaction. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in the event of a Fundamental Transaction, the Company or any Successor Entity (as defined below) shall, at the Holders option, exercisable at any time concurrently with, or within 30 days
after, the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction (or, if later, the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction), purchase this Warrant from the Holder by paying to the Holder an amount of cash equal to the Black
Scholes Value (as defined below) of the remaining unexercised portion of this Warrant on the date of the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction; provided, however, that, if the Fundamental Transaction is not within the
Companys control, including not approved by the Companys Board of Directors, the Holder shall only be entitled to receive from the Company or any Successor Entity, as of the date of consummation of such Fundamental Transaction, the same
type or form of consideration (and in the same proportion), at the Black Scholes Value of the unexercised portion of this Warrant, that is being offered and paid to the holders of Common Share of the Company in connection with the Fundamental
Transaction, whether that consideration be in the form of cash, stock or any combination thereof, or whether the holders of Common Share are given the choice to receive from among alternative forms of consideration in connection with the Fundamental
Transaction; provided, further, that if holders of Common Share of the Company are not offered or paid any consideration in such Fundamental Transaction, such holders of Common Share will be deemed to have received Common
Share of the Successor Entity (which Entity may be the Company following such Fundamental Transaction) in such Fundamental Transaction. Black Scholes Value means the value of this Warrant based on the Black-Scholes Option Pricing
Model obtained from the 

6 

OV function on Bloomberg determined as of the day of consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction for pricing purposes and reflecting (A) a risk-free interest rate
corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date, (B) an expected volatility equal to the greater of 100% and
the 100 day volatility obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg (determined utilizing a 365 day annualization factor) as of the Trading Day immediately following the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction, (C) the
underlying price per share used in such calculation shall be the greater of (i) the sum of the price per share being offered in cash, if any, plus the value of any non-cash consideration, if any, being
offered in such Fundamental Transaction and (ii) the highest VWAP during the period beginning on the Trading Day immediately preceding the announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction (or the consummation of the applicable Fundamental
Transaction, if earlier) and ending on the Trading Day of the Holders request pursuant to this Section 3(c) and (D) a remaining option time equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental
Transaction and the Termination Date and (E) a zero cost of borrow. The payment of the Black Scholes Value will be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds (or such other consideration) within the later of (i) five Business
Days of the Holders election and (ii) the date of consummation of the Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor
Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(c) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the
Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to
the Common Shares acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price
hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the Common Shares pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such
exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the
occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents
referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents
with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein.

d) Share Combination Event
Adjustment. In addition to the adjustments set forth in Section 3(a) above, if at any time and from time to time on or after the Issue Date there occurs any share split, share dividend, share combination or reverse share split,
recapitalization, or other similar transaction involving the Common Shares (each, a Share Combination Event, and such date thereof, the Share Combination Event Date) and the lowest VWAP during the period
commencing five (5) consecutive Trading Days immediately preceding and the five (5) consecutive Trading Days commencing on the Share Combination Event Date (the Event Market Price) (provided if the Share Combination
Event is effective after the close of trading on the primary Trading Market, then commencing on the next Trading Day which period shall be the Share Combination Adjustment Period) is less than the Exercise Price then in effect
(after giving effect to the adjustment in Section 3(a) above), then at the close of trading on the primary Trading Market on the last day of the Share Combination Adjustment Period, the Exercise Price then in effect on such
fifth (5th) Trading Day shall be reduced (but in no event increased) to the Event Market Price; provided,however, that in no event shall the Exercise Price be reduced to an amount less than $0.50 (subject to
adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, recapitalizations and similar transactions following the date of the Underwriting Agreement) (the Floor Price). 

7 

e) Subsequent Equity Sales. If at any time while this Warrant is
outstanding (such period, the Adjustment Period), the Company issues, sells, enters into an agreement to sell, or grants any option to purchase, or sells, enters into an agreement to sell, or grants any right to reprice, or
otherwise disposes of or issues (or announces any offer, sale, grant, or any option to purchase or other disposition), or, in accordance with this Section 3(e), is deemed to have issued or sold, any Common Shares or Common Share Equivalents for
a consideration per share (the New Issuance Price) less than a price equal to the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such issue or sale or deemed issuance or sale (such Exercise Price then in effect is referred to as
the Applicable Price) (the foregoing a Dilutive Issuance), then simultaneously with the consummation (or, if earlier, the announcement) of such Dilutive Issuance, the Exercise Price then in effect shall be
reduced to an amount (the New Exercise Price) equal to the New Issuance Price (such price, the Base Share Price) (except that no adjustments shall be made under this Section 3(e) in respect of an Exempt
Issuance (as defined below)); provided,however, that in no event shall the Exercise Price be reduced to an amount less than the Floor Price. For all purposes of the foregoing, the following shall be applicable: 

i. Issuance of Options. If, during the Adjustment Period, the Company in any manner grants or sells any options to
purchase Common Shares (Options) and the lowest price per share for which one Common Share is issuable upon the exercise of any such Option or upon conversion, exercise, or exchange of any convertible securities
(Convertible Securities) issuable upon exercise of any such Option (such Common Shares issuable upon such exercise of any Option or upon conversion, exercise, or exchange of any Convertible Securities, the Convertible
Securities Shares) is less than the Applicable Price, then such Common Shares shall be deemed to be outstanding and to have been issued and sold by the Company at the time of the granting or sale of such Option for such price per share.
For purposes of this Section 3(e)(i), the lowest price per share for which one Common Share is issuable upon the exercise of any such Option or upon conversion, exercise, or exchange of any Convertible Securities issuable upon exercise of
any such Option shall be equal to (A) the sum of (1) the lowest amount of consideration (if any) received or receivable by the Company with respect to any one Convertible Securities Share upon the granting or sale of such Option,
upon exercise of such Option and upon conversion, exercise, or exchange of any Convertible Security issuable upon exercise of such Option and (2) the lowest exercise price set forth in such Option for which one Convertible Securities Share is
issuable upon the exercise of any such Option or upon conversion, exercise, or exchange of any Convertible Securities issuable upon exercise of any such Option, minus (B) the sum of all amounts paid or payable to the holder of such Option (or
any other Person), with respect to any one Convertible Securities Share, upon the granting or sale of such Option, upon exercise of such Option and upon conversion, exercise, or exchange of any Convertible Security issuable upon exercise of such
Option plus the value of any other consideration received or receivable by, or benefit conferred on, the holder of such Option (or any other Person), with respect to any one Convertible Securities Share. Except as contemplated below, no further
adjustment of the Exercise Price shall be made upon the actual issuance of such Convertible Securities Share or of such Convertible Securities upon the exercise of such Options or upon the actual issuance of such Convertible Securities Share upon
conversion, exercise, or exchange of such Convertible Securities. 

ii. Issuance of Convertible Securities. If,
during the Adjustment Period, the Company in any manner issues or sells any Convertible Securities and the lowest price per share for which one Convertible Securities Share is issuable upon the conversion, exercise, or exchange thereof is less than
the Applicable Price, then such Convertible Securities Share shall be deemed to be outstanding and to have been issued and sold by the Company at the time of the issuance or sale of such Convertible Securities for such price per share. For the
purposes of this Section 3(e)(ii), the lowest price per share for which one Convertible Securities Share is issuable upon the conversion, exercise or exchange thereof shall be equal to (A) the sum of (1) the lowest amount
of consideration (if any) received or receivable by the Company with respect to one Convertible Securities Share upon the issuance or sale of the Convertible Security and upon conversion, exercise, or exchange of such Convertible Security and
(2) the lowest conversion price set forth in such Convertible Security for which one Convertible Securities Share is issuable upon conversion, exercise, or exchange thereof, minus (B) the sum of all amounts paid or payable to the holder of
such Convertible Security (or any other Person), with respect to any one Convertible Securities Share, upon the issuance or sale of such Convertible Security plus the value of any other consideration received or receivable by, or benefit conferred
on, the holder of such Convertible Security (or any other Person), with respect to any one Convertible Securities Share. Except as contemplated below, no further adjustment of the Exercise Price shall be made upon the actual issuance of such
Convertible Securities Share upon conversion, exercise, or exchange of such Convertible Securities, and if any such issue or sale of such Convertible Securities is made upon exercise of any Options for which adjustment of the Exercise Price has been
or is to be made pursuant to other provisions of this Section 3(e)(ii), except as contemplated below, no further adjustment of the Exercise Price shall be made by reason of such issue or sale. 

8 

iii. Change in Option Price or Rate of Conversion. If, during the
Adjustment Period, the purchase or exercise price provided for in any Options, the additional consideration, if any, payable upon the issue, conversion, exercise, or exchange of any Convertible Securities, or the rate at which any Convertible
Securities are convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Shares increases or decreases at any time (other than proportional changes in conversion or exercise prices, as applicable, in connection with an event referred to in
Section 3(a)), then the Exercise Price in effect at the time of such increase or decrease shall be adjusted to the Exercise Price which would have been in effect at such time had such Options or Convertible Securities provided for such
increased or decreased purchase price, additional consideration or increased or decreased conversion rate, as the case may be, at the time initially granted, issued, or sold. For purposes of this Section 3(e)(iii), if the terms of any Option or
Convertible Security that was outstanding as of the date of issuance of this Warrant are increased or decreased in the manner described in the immediately preceding sentence, then such Option or Convertible Security and the Convertible Securities
Share deemed issuable upon exercise, conversion, or exchange thereof shall be deemed to have been issued as of the date of such increase or decrease. No adjustment pursuant to this Section 3(e)(iii) shall be made if such adjustment would result
in an increase of the Exercise Price then in effect. 

iv. Calculation of Consideration Received. If any Option or
Convertible Security is issued in connection with the issuance or sale or deemed issuance or sale of any other securities of the Company (the Primary Security, and such Option or Convertible Security, the Secondary
Securities and together with the Primary Security, each a Unit), together comprising one integrated transaction, the aggregate consideration per share with respect to such Primary Security shall be deemed to be the
lowest of (x) the purchase price of such Unit, (y) if such Primary Security is an Option and/or Convertible Security, the lowest price per share for which one Common Share is at any time issuable upon the exercise or conversion of the
Primary Security in accordance with Section 3(e)(i) or Section 3(e)(ii) above and (z) the lowest VWAP of the Common Shares on any Trading Day during the five (5) consecutive Trading Days immediately following the consummation
(or, if applicable, the announcement) of such Dilutive Issuance (for the avoidance of doubt, if such public announcement, if applicable, is released prior to the opening of the principal market on a Trading Day, such Trading Day shall be the first
Trading Day in such five (5) Trading Day period and if this Warrant is exercised on any given Exercise Date during any such period, the Holder may elect to earlier end such period (including, solely with respect to such portion of this Warrant
exercised on such applicable Exercise Date)). If any Common Shares, Options, or Convertible Securities are issued or sold or deemed to have been issued or sold for cash, the consideration received therefor will be deemed to be the net amount of cash
received by the Company therefor. If any Common Shares, Options, or Convertible Securities are issued or sold for a consideration other than cash, the amount of such consideration received by the Company will be the fair value of such consideration,
except where such consideration consists of publicly traded securities, in which case the amount of consideration received by the Company for such securities will be the arithmetic average of the VWAPs of such security for each of the five
(5) Trading Days immediately preceding the date of receipt. If any Common Shares, Options, or Convertible Securities are issued to the owners of the non-surviving entity in connection with any merger in
which the Company is the surviving entity, the amount of consideration therefor will be deemed to be the fair market value of such portion of the net assets and business of the non-surviving entity as is
attributable to such Common Shares, Options or Convertible Securities (as the case may be). The fair market value of any consideration other than cash or publicly traded securities will be determined jointly by the Company and the Holder. If such
parties are unable to reach agreement within ten (10) days after the occurrence of an event requiring valuation (the Valuation Event), the fair market value of such consideration will be determined within five
(5) Trading Days after the tenth (10th) day following such Valuation Event by an independent, reputable appraiser jointly selected by the Company and the Holder. The determination of such appraiser shall be final and binding upon all parties
absent manifest error and the fees and expenses of such appraiser shall be borne by the Company. 

9 

v. Exempt Issuances. Exempt Issuance means the issuance
of (i) Common Shares, options, restricted share units, performance share units or other securities to employees, officers or directors of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or consultants to the Company or any of its subsidiaries pursuant
to any share or option plan or other written agreement duly adopted for such purpose by a majority of the non-employee members of the Board of Directors or a majority of the members of a committee of non-employee directors established for such purpose for services rendered to the Company or any of its subsidiaries; and (ii) the sale of Common Shares under the At Market Issuance Sales Agreement, dated as of
June 28, 2024, by and between the Company and B. Riley Securities, Inc., or under any similar at the market issuance sales program adopted on or after the date hereof, so long as authorized by the Board of Directors, in an aggregate amount of
up to $75 million. 

f) Voluntary Adjustment by Company. Subject to the rules and regulations of the principal
Trading Market and the consent of the Holder, the Company may at any time during the term of this Warrant reduce the then current Exercise Price to any amount and for any period of time deemed appropriate by the Board of Directors;
provided,however, that in no event shall the Exercise Price be reduced to an amount less than the Floor Price. 

g) Calculations. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made by the Company to the nearest cent or the
nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of Common Shares deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of Common Shares (excluding treasury shares, if
any) issued and outstanding. 

h) Notice to Holder. 

i. Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this
Section 3, the Company shall promptly deliver to the Holder by email and to the Warrant Agent (in accordance with Section 16 of the Warrant Agency Agreement) a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting
adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment. 

ii. Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution
in whatever form) on the Common Shares, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Shares, (C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Share rights or
warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any shareholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the Common Shares, any
consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Shares are converted into other
securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the
Holder at its last email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register, and to the Warrant Agent (in accordance with Section 16 of the Warrant Agency Agreement), at least 10 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date
hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the
Common Shares of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to
become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Shares of record shall be entitled to exchange their Common Shares for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice.
To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such
notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of
the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein. 

10 

Section 4. Transfer of Warrant. 

a) Transferability. This Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights)
are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the office of the Warrant Agent designated for such purpose, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto properly completed and
duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or
Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so
assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in
which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an Assignment Form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in
accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued. 

b) New Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the
aforesaid office of the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any
transfer which may be involved in such division or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on
transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial issuance date of this Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto. 

c) Warrant Register. The Warrant Agent shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Warrant Agent
(or, in the event a Holder elects to receive a Definitive Certificate, the Company) for that purpose (the Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company and the Warrant Agent may deem and
treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary. 

Section 5. Miscellaneous. 

a) No Rights as Shareholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any
voting rights, dividends or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly set forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant
Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant to Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in no event shall the Company be required to net cash settle an exercise of this
Warrant. 

b) Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the
Company and the Warrant Agent of evidence reasonably satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or
security reasonably satisfactory to it, and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in
lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate. 

c) Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day
for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day. 

11 

d) Authorized Shares. 

The Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued
Common Shares a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full
authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such
Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Shares may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may
be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued,
fully paid and non-assessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with
such issue). 

Except and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action,
including, without limitation, amending its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the
observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to protect the rights of the
Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately
prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable Warrant Shares upon
the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to
perform its obligations under this Warrant. 

Before taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of
Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory body or bodies having
jurisdiction thereof. 

e) Jurisdiction. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and
interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of the Warrant Agency Agreement. 

f) Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not
registered, and the Holder does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by provincial, state, and federal securities laws. 

g) Non-waiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to
exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision of this Warrant or the Warrant Agency Agreement, if
the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses
including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, excluding those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h) Notices. Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder
by the Company shall be delivered in accordance with the notice provisions of the Warrant Agency Agreement. 

i) Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise
this Warrant to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase price of any Common Share or as a shareholder of the Company, whether such
liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company. 

j) Remedies. The Holder, in addition to
being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss
incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate. 

k) Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations
evidenced hereby shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any
Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares. 

12 

l) Warrant Agency Agreement; Amendment. This Warrant is issued under
and in accordance with the Warrant Agency Agreement, and is subject to the terms and provisions contained therein, to all of which terms and provisions the beneficial owners of the Warrants and the Holders consent by acceptance hereof. The Warrant
Agency Agreement is hereby incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof. The Warrant Agency Agreement and this Warrant may be amended and the observance of any term of the Warrant Agency Agreement or this Warrant may be waived only to the
extent provided in the Warrant Agency Agreement. 

m) Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this
Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the extent of such
prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant. 

n) Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any
purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant. 

o) Warrant Agency Agreement. Subject to Section 19 of the Warrant
Agency Agreement, to the extent any provision of this Warrant conflicts with the express provisions of the Warrant Agency Agreement, the provisions of this Warrant shall govern and be controlling. 

(Signature Page Follows) 

13 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer
thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated. 

LI-CYCLE HOLDINGS CORP.

By: 

Name:

Title:

COUNTERSIGNED BY THE WARRANT AGENT:

CONTINENTAL STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY, LLC

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

NOTICE OF EXERCISE 

TO: LI-CYCLE HOLDINGS CORP., 

(1) The undersigned hereby elects to purchase Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached
Warrant (only if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any. 

(2) Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box): 

in lawful money of the United States; or 

if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection
2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in subsection 2(c). 

(3) Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below: 

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number: 

[SIGNATURE OF HOLDER] 

Name of Investing 
Entity: 

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing 
Entity: 

Name of Authorized 
Signatory: 

Title of Authorized 
Signatory: 

Date: 

ASSIGNMENT FORM 

(To assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.) 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to 

Name: ___________________________________

Address: ____________________________________________________________________________________________

Phone Number: ____________________________

Email Address: _____________________________

Dated:,

Holders Signature: __________________________

Holders Address: ___________________________
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.3
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>d867622dex43.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.3
<TEXT>
EX-4.3

Exhibit 4.3 

FORM OF PRE-FUNDED COMMON SHARE PURCHASE WARRANT 

LI-CYCLE HOLDINGS CORP. 

Warrant Shares: [] Issue Date: [], 2025

This PRE-FUNDED COMMON SHARE PURCHASE WARRANT (this
Warrant) certifies that, for value received, _____________________ or its assigns (the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at
any time on or after [], 2025 (the Initial Exercise Date) until this Warrant is exercised in full (the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Li-Cycle Holdings Corp., an Ontario corporation (the Company), up to [] Common Shares (subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares). The purchase price of one
Common Share under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b). 

Section 1.Definitions. Capitalized terms used and not
otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in that certain Underwriting Agreement, dated as of January 15, 2025 between the Company and Aegis Capital Corp. (the Underwriting Agreement), as Representative of
the Underwriters named therein, as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with its terms. 

Section 2. Exercise. 

a) Exercise of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in
part, at any time or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Warrant Agent of a duly executed PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of
the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice of Exercise). Within the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined in
Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver to the Warrant Agent the aggregate Exercise Price for the shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers
check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be
required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to
the Warrant Agent until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Warrant Agent for cancellation within three
(3) Trading Days of the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Warrant Agent. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the
effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares
purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver to the Holder any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Business Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant,
acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the
amount stated on the face hereof.

b) Exercise Price. The aggregate exercise price of this Warrant, except
for a nominal exercise price of $0.00001 per Warrant Share, was pre-funded to the Company on or prior to the Initial Exercise Date and, consequently, no additional consideration (other than the nominal
exercise price of $0.00001 per Warrant Share) shall be required to be paid by the Holder to any Person to effect any exercise of this Warrant. The Holder shall not be entitled to the return or refund of all, or any portion, of such pre-paid aggregate exercise price under any circumstance or for any reason whatsoever. The remaining unpaid exercise price per Common Share under this Warrant shall be $0.00001, subject to adjustment hereunder (the
Exercise Price). 

1 

c) Cashless Exercise. If at the time of exercise hereof there is
no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus contained therein is not available for the issuance of the Warrant Shares to the Holder, then this Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a
cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where: 

(A) = as applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice
of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day
prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option of the Holder, either (y) the VWAP on the Trading
Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise or (z) the Bid Price of the Common Share on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg) as of the time of the Holders execution
of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close of
regular trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is
both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day; 

(B) = the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and 

(X) = the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the
terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise. 

If Warrant Shares
are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that, in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised. The
Company agrees not to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c). 

Bid Price means, for any
date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Share is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Share for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date) on
the Trading Market on which the Common Share is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume
weighted average price of the Common Share for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Share is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Share are
then reported on The Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Share so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value
of a Common Share as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by
the Company. 

VWAP means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that
applies: (a) if the Common Shares are then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Shares for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Share is then
listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Shares for such
date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Shares are not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Shares are then reported on The Pink Open Market (or a
similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Share so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a Common Share as determined by an
independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company. 

2 

d) Mechanics of Exercise. 

i. Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be
transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if
the Transfer Agent is then a participant in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B) this Warrant is being
exercised via cashless exercise, and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant
to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise, by the date that is the earliest of (i) two (2) Trading Days after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise, (ii) one (1) Trading Day after
delivery of the aggregate Exercise Price to the Company and (iii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery
Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date
of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received within the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days
comprising the Standard Settlement Period following delivery of the Notice of Exercise. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company
shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Shares on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $5 per Trading Day
(increasing to $10 per Trading Day on the third Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company
agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed
in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Shares as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Notice(s) of Exercise
delivered on or prior to 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day Prior to the Initial Exercise Date, which may be delivered at any time after the time of execution of the Underwriting Agreement, the Company agrees to deliver the Warrant
Shares subject to such notice(s) by 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Initial Exercise Date and the Initial Exercise Date shall be the Warrant Share Delivery Date for purposes hereunder. 

ii. Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall,
at the request of the Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for
by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects be identical with this Warrant. 

iii. Rescission
Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise. 

iv. Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other
rights available to the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section 2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share
Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, Common Shares to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the
Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the

3 

Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the Common Shares so purchased exceeds (y) the amount
obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation
was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to
the Holder the number of Common Shares that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Share having a total purchase price of $11,000 to
cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of Warrant Shares with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding
sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of
the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or
injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver Common Shares upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof. 

v. No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon
the exercise of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount
equal to such fraction multiplied by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share. 

vi. Charges, Taxes
and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the
Company, and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however, that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other
than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to
reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or
another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares. 

vii. Closing of Books. The Company will not close its shareholder books or records in any manner which prevents the
timely exercise of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof. 

e) Holders Exercise Limitations. The Company
shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise as set
forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution
Parties)), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of Common Shares beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution
Parties shall include the number of Common Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of Common Shares which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the
remaining, non-exercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or non-converted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Share Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation
contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with
Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation

4 

is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in
accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and
Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant is
exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and neither the
Company nor the Warrant Agent shall have an obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of
the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding Common Shares, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding Common Shares as reflected in
(A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent
setting forth the number of Common Shares outstanding. Upon the written request of a Holder, the Company shall within three (3) Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of Common Shares then outstanding. In any case,
the number of outstanding Common Shares shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which
such number of outstanding Common Shares was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% (or, upon election by a Holder in compliance with this Section 2(e) prior to the issuance of any Warrants, 9.99%) of
the number of Common Shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of Common Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation
provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of Common Shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of Common Shares upon exercise of this
Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day
after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion
hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this
paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant. 

Section 3. Certain Adjustments. 

a) Share Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a share
dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions on its Common Shares or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in Common Shares (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any Common Shares issued by the Company
upon exercise of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding Common Shares into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of share consolidation) outstanding Common Shares into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by
reclassification of the Common Shares any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of Common Shares (excluding treasury shares, if any)
outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of Common Shares outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted
such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to receive
such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

5 

b) Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is
outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of Common Shares, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any
distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time
after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of Common Shares
acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution,
or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of Common Shares are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to
participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any Common
Shares as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation). 

c) Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is
outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any merger, amalgamation, arrangement, or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company or any Subsidiary,
directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer,
tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Shares are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by
the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Common Shares, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Shares or any compulsory
share exchange pursuant to which the Common Shares are effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share
purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger, amalgamation or arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons
whereby such other Person or group acquires more than 50% of the outstanding Common Shares (not including any Common Shares held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or
party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination) (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant
Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the
number of Common Shares of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental
Transaction by a holder of the number of Common Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of
any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one Common Share in such Fundamental
Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Shares are given
any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental
Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant
and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(c) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior
to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this
Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the Common Shares acquirable and receivable upon 

6 

exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price
hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the Common Shares pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such
exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the
occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents
referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents
with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein.

d) Calculations. All
calculations under this Section 3 shall be made by the Company to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of Common Shares deemed to be issued and outstanding as of
a given date shall be the sum of the number of Common Shares (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding. 

e) Notice to Holder. 

i. Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this
Section 3, the Company shall promptly deliver to the Holder by email and to the Warrant Agent (in accordance with Section 16 of the Warrant Agency Agreement) a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting
adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment. 

ii. Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution
in whatever form) on the Common Shares, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Shares, (C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Share rights or
warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any shareholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the Common Shares, any
consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Shares are converted into other
securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the
Holder at its last email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register, and to the Warrant Agent (in accordance with Section 16 of the Warrant Agency Agreement), at least 10 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date
hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the
Common Shares of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to
become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Shares of record shall be entitled to exchange their Common Shares for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice.
To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such
notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except
as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein. 

f) Voluntary Adjustment By Company. Subject to the rules and
regulations of the Trading Market, the Company may at any time during the term of this Warrant, subject to the prior written consent of the Holder, reduce the then current Exercise Price to any amount and for any period of time deemed appropriate by
the Board of Directors of the Company. 

7 

Section 4. Transfer of Warrant. 

a) Transferability. This Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights)
are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the office of the Warrant Agent designated for such purpose, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto properly completed and
duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or
Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so
assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in
which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an Assignment Form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in
accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued. 

b) New Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the
aforesaid office of the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any
transfer which may be involved in such division or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on
transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial issuance date of this Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto. 

c) Warrant Register. The Warrant Agent shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Warrant Agent
(or, in the event a Holder elects to receive a Definitive Certificate, the Company) for that purpose (the Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company and the Warrant Agent may deem and
treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary. 

Section 5. Miscellaneous. 

a) No Rights as Shareholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any
voting rights, dividends or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly set forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant
Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant to Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in no event shall the Company be required to net cash settle an exercise of this
Warrant. 

b) Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the
Company and the Warrant Agent of evidence reasonably satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or
security reasonably satisfactory to it, and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in
lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate. 

c) Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day
for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day. 

8 

d) Authorized Shares. 

The Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued
Common Shares a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full
authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such
Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Shares may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may
be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued,
fully paid and non-assessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with
such issue). 

Except and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action,
including, without limitation, amending its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the
observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to protect the rights of the
Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately
prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable Warrant Shares upon
the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to
perform its obligations under this Warrant. 

Before taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of
Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory body or bodies having
jurisdiction thereof. 

e) Jurisdiction. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and
interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of the Warrant Agency Agreement. 

f) Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not
registered, and the Holder does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by provincial, state, and federal securities laws. 

g) Non-waiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the
part of Holder shall operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision of this Warrant or the Warrant Agency Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly
fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including, but not limited to,
reasonable attorneys fees, excluding those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder. 

h) Notices. Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by
the Company shall be delivered in accordance with the notice provisions of the Warrant Agency Agreement. 

9 

i) Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence
of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase price of any Common
Share or as a shareholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company. 

j) Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of
damages, will be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and
hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate. 

k) Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations
evidenced hereby shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any
Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares. 

l) Warrant
Agency Agreement; Amendment. This Warrant is issued under and in accordance with the Warrant Agency Agreement, and is subject to the terms and provisions contained therein, to all of which terms and provisions the beneficial owners of the
Warrants and the Holders consent by acceptance hereof. The Warrant Agency Agreement is hereby incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof. The Warrant Agency Agreement and this Warrant may be amended and the observance of any term of the
Warrant Agency Agreement or this Warrant may be waived only to the extent provided in the Warrant Agency Agreement. 

m) Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be
effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the
remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant. 

n) Headings. The headings used in
this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant. 

o) Warrant Agency Agreement. Subject to Section 19 of the Warrant Agency Agreement, to the extent any provision of
this Warrant conflicts with the express provisions of the Warrant Agency Agreement, the provisions of this Warrant shall govern and be controlling. 

(Signature Page Follows) 

10 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer
thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated. 

LI-CYCLE HOLDINGS CORP.

By: 

Name:

Title:

COUNTERSIGNED BY THE WARRANT AGENT:

CONTINENTAL STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY, LLC

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

NOTICE OF EXERCISE 

TO: LI-CYCLE HOLDINGS CORP. 

(1) The undersigned hereby elects to purchaseWarrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant
(only if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any. 

(2) Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box): 

in lawful money of the United States; or 

if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection
2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in subsection 2(c). 

(3) Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below: 

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number: 

[SIGNATURE OF HOLDER] 

Name of Investing
Entity:

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing
Entity:

Name of Authorized
Signatory:

Title of Authorized
Signatory:

Date:

ASSIGNMENT FORM 

(To assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.) 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced
thereby are hereby assigned to 

Name: ___________________________________

Address:
____________________________________________________________________________________________

Phone Number: ____________________________

Email Address: _____________________________

Dated:,

Holders Signature: __________________________

Holders Address: ___________________________
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>d867622dex51.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-5.1
<TEXT>
EX-5.1

Exhibit 5.1 

McCarthy Ttrault LLP

PO Box 48, Suite
5300

Toronto-Dominion Bank Tower

Toronto ON M5K 1E6

Canada

Tel: 416-362-1812

Fax:
416-868-0673

January 16, 2025 

Li-Cycle Holdings Corp. 

207 Queens Way West, Suite 590 

Toronto, Ontario 

M5J 1A7 

Dear Sirs/Mesdames: 

Re: 

Li-Cycle Holdings Corp. Public Offering

We have acted as Canadian counsel for Li-Cycle Holdings Corp. (the
Corporation), a corporation governed by the Business Corporations Act (Ontario), in connection with the Underwriting Agreement dated January 15, 2025, between the Corporation and Aegis Capital Corp. (the
Underwriter) as the underwriter (the Underwriting Agreement), pursuant to which the Underwriter has agreed to purchase from the Corporation an aggregate of (i) 5,000,000 units (the Units),
each consisting of (a) one common share of the Corporation (each, a Common Share), (b) one eight-month warrant to purchase one Common Share (the Series A Warrants) and (c) one five-year warrant to
purchase one Common Share (the Series B Warrants) and (ii) 10,000,000 pre-funded units (the Pre-Funded Units), each consisting of
(a) one pre-funded warrant to purchase one Common Share (the Pre-Funded Warrants), (b) one Series A Warrant and (c) one Series B Warrant.
Pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, at the election of the Underwriter for a period of 45 days following January 15, 2025, the Underwriter has the option to purchase from the Corporation (i) up to an additional 2,250,000 Common Shares
(the Option Shares, and together with the Shares forming part of the Units, the Shares) and/or (ii) up to an additional 2,250,000 Series A Warrants and up to an additional 2,250,000 Series B Warrants (such
additional Series A Warrants and Series B Warrants, the Option Warrants, and together with the Series A Warrants, the Series B Warrants and the Pre-Funded Warrants, the
Warrants). 

The Common Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants are collectively referred to herein as the Warrant
Shares. The Units, the Pre-Funded Units, the Shares, the Warrants and the Warrant Shares are collectively referred to herein as the Offered Securities. 

We understand that the sale of the Offered Securities will be made pursuant to a prospectus of the Corporation dated March 29, 2024 (the Base
Prospectus), as supplemented by a prospectus supplement dated January 15, 2025 (the Prospectus Supplement and, together with the Base Prospectus, and the documents incorporated by reference therein, the
Prospectus). 

We understand that the Base Prospectus forms part of the registration statement on Form
S-3 (File No. 333-278010) of the Corporation as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on March 15, 2024 and
declared effective by the SEC on March 29, 2024 under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and the general rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (such registration statement, as
supplemented or amended as at the date hereof, including all documents filed as part thereof or incorporated by reference therein, is referred to as the Registration Statement). 

page 2

Materials Reviewed 

We have examined originals or copies, certified or otherwise identified to our satisfaction, of each of the following documents: 

(a) 

the Registration Statement; 

(b) 

the Corporations certificate and restated articles of incorporation (collectively, the
Articles), as in effect on the date hereof; 

(c) 

the Corporations by-laws (together with the Articles, the
Constating Documents), as in effect on the date hereof; 

(d) 

copies of the resolutions of the Corporations board of directors relating to, among other things, the
Registration Statement, the Agreements, the Offered Securities, the Prospectus and other matters; 

(e) 

the Prospectus; 

(f) 

the Underwriting Agreement; 

(g) 

the form of Series A Warrants, the form of Series B Warrants and the form of
Pre-Funded Warrants (the Definitive Warrants); and 

(h) 

the warrant agency agreement in respect of the Warrants between the Corporation and Continental Stock
Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent, dated as of January 16, 2025 (the Warrant Agency Agreement). 

The Underwriting Agreement, the Definitive Warrants and the Warrant Agency Agreement are collectively referred to herein as the Agreements.

We have also examined originals or copies, certified or otherwise identified to our satisfaction, of such public and corporate records, certificates,
instruments and other documents and have considered such questions of law as we have deemed relevant and necessary as a basis for the opinions hereinafter expressed below. 

Assumptions and Fact Reliance 

We have assumed: 

(a) 

the genuineness of all signatures on all documents examined by us and the legal capacity of all natural
persons; 

(b) 

the authenticity of all documents submitted to us as originals; 

page 3

(c) 

the conformity to original documents of all documents submitted to us as copies, whether facsimile, electronic,
photostatic, certified or otherwise, and the authenticity of the originals of such copies; 

(d) 

the accuracy, currency and completeness of the indices and filing systems maintained at the public offices,
registries and websites where we have searched or made inquiries or have caused searches or enquiries to be made and of the information and advice provided to us by appropriate government, regulatory and other like officials with respect to those
matters referred to herein; 

(e) 

that the Registration Statement, as finally amended (including all necessary post-effective amendments), has
become and remains effective under the Securities Act; 

(f) 

the Prospectus has been delivered, and filed in compliance with the Securities Act and the applicable rules and
regulations thereunder; 

(g) 

that none of the Constating Documents or any Applicable Law (as defined below) has been amended so as to affect
the validity of the issuance of any Offered Securities at the time of such issuance; 

(h) 

that all Offered Securities will be offered, issued and sold in compliance with applicable United States
federal and state securities laws; 

(i) 

that the Corporation has filed the Registration Statement in accordance with the Securities Act registering the
Offered Securities in connection with the distribution contemplated by the Underwriting Agreement, and that the Registration Statement has become and remains effective under the Securities Act; 

(j) 

that the Underwriting Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Underwriter and the
Underwriting Agreement constitutes a valid and legally binding obligation of the Underwriter, enforceable against the Underwriter in accordance with its terms; 

(k) 

that the Underwriter has complied with its obligations under the Underwriting Agreement; 

(l) 

that the Agreements have not been amended or supplemented either in writing, orally or otherwise;

(m) 

that the representations and warranties made by the Underwriter in the Underwriting Agreement are true and
correct; 

(n) 

that the issue and sale of any Offered Securities are not part of a transaction or series of transactions that
is part of a plan or scheme to avoid the prospectus requirements in connection with a distribution to a person or company in Canada; and 

(o) 

that the Corporation is not required to be registered as a dealer under Securities Laws (as defined below).

page 4

We have relied upon a certificate of an officer of the Corporation, a copy of which has been provided to you,
with respect to the accuracy and completeness of the factual matters contained therein, which factual matters have not been independently investigated or verified by us. 

Applicable Laws 

The opinion expressed below is
restricted to the laws of the Province of Ontario and the laws of Canada applicable therein (the Applicable Law). 

When used in this
opinion, the term Securities Laws means all applicable securities legislation of the Province of Ontario and the respective regulations, instruments and rules made thereunder. 

Opinion 

Based upon and relying on the foregoing, and
subject to the qualifications hereinafter expressed, we are of the opinion that, on the date hereof: 

1. 

The Corporation is a corporation incorporated under the Business Corporations Act (Ontario) and has not been
dissolved. 

2. 

The Corporation has the corporate power and capacity to execute and deliver the Warrants and the Warrant Agency
Agreement and to perform its obligations thereunder. 

3. 

The Corporation has taken all necessary corporate action to authorize the issuance of the Warrants.

4. 

The Corporation has taken all necessary corporate action to authorize the execution and delivery of the
Warrants and the Warrant Agency Agreement and the performance of its obligations thereunder. 

5. 

The Corporation has duly executed and delivered each of the Warrant Agency Agreement and Warrants.

6. 

The offer and sale of the Offered Securities has been duly authorized by the Corporation.

7. 

The execution, delivery and performance of the Definitive Warrants by the Corporation does not violate the
Constating Documents or any Applicable Law. 

8. 

The Shares have been allotted for issuance, and upon full payment therefor, will be validly issued as fully
paid and non-assessable shares in the capital of the Corporation. 

9. 

The Corporation has taken all necessary corporate action to authorize the issuance of the Warrant Shares
issuable upon exercise of the Warrants on the terms and subject to the conditions contained in the Warrants and, upon receipt by the Corporation of payment therefor as provided in the Warrants, the Warrant Shares will have been validly issued by the
Corporation as fully paid and non-assessable common shares in the capital of the Corporation. 

page 5

Consent and Qualifications 

We hereby consent to the reference to our firm under the heading Legal Matters in the Final Prospectus Supplement and to the filing of this opinion
as Exhibit 5.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K to be filed with the SEC. In giving this consent, we do not thereby admit that we are included in the category of persons whose consent is
required under Section 7 or Section 11 of the Securities Act or the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder. 

Very truly yours,

/s/ McCarthy Ttrault LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.2
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>d867622dex52.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-5.2
<TEXT>
EX-5.2

Exhibit 5.2 

Li-Cycle Holdings Corp.

207 Queens Way West, Suite 590

Toronto, Ontario

M5J 1A7 

January 16, 2025 

Ladies
and Gentlemen: 

Li-Cycle Holdings Corp., an Ontario corporation (the Company), has filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission a Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-278010) (the Registration Statement) for
the purpose of registering under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) (i) 5,000,000 units (the Units), each consisting of (a) one common share, without par value, of the
Company (each, a Common Share), (b) one eight-month warrant to purchase one Common Share (the Series A Warrants) and (c) one five-year warrant to purchase one Common Share (the
Series B Warrants); (ii) 10,000,000 pre-funded units (the Pre-Funded Units), each consisting of (a) one pre-funded warrant to purchase one Common Share (the Pre-Funded Warrants), (b) one Series A Warrant and (c) one Series B Warrant; and
(iii) up to an additional 2,250,000 Common Shares, up to 2,250,000 Series A Warrants and/or up to 2,250,000 Series B Warrants for which the Underwriter (as defined below) has been granted an option to purchase additional securities (together,
the Offering), pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement dated January 15, 2025 (the Underwriting Agreement) between the Company and Aegis Capital Corp. (the
Underwriter). 

This opinion is confined to the law of the State of New York. Accordingly, we express no opinion herein with
regard to any other laws. The opinions expressed herein are limited to the matters stated herein, and no opinion is implied or may be inferred beyond the matters expressly stated herein. We do not undertake to advise you of changes in law or facts
that may come to our attention after the date of this letter. 

In rendering the opinions expressed below, we have examined: 

(i) 

the Warrant Agency Agreement, dated as of January 16, 2025, between the Company and Continental Stock
Transfer & Trust Company, LLC (the Warrant Agreement); 

(ii) 

the form of Series A Warrant (the Form of Series A Warrant); 

(iii) 

the form of Series B Warrant (the Form of Series B Warrant); and

(iv) 

the form of Pre-Funded Warrant (the Form of Pre-Funded Warrant and, together with the Form of Series A Warrant and the Form of Series B Warrant, the Warrants). 

In addition, we have examined and have relied as to matters of fact upon such corporate and other records, agreements, documents and other instruments and
certificates or comparable documents of public officials and of officers and representatives of the Company and such other persons, and we have made such other investigations, as we have deemed relevant and necessary as a basis for the opinions
expressed below. 

In rendering the opinions expressed herein, we have, without independent inquiry or investigation, assumed that
(i) all documents submitted to us as originals are authentic and complete, (ii) all documents submitted to us as copies conform to authentic, complete originals, (iii) all signatures on all documents that we reviewed are genuine,
(iv) all natural persons executing documents had and have the legal capacity to do so, (v) all statements in certificates of public officials and officers of the Company that we reviewed were and are accurate and (vi) all
representations made by the Company as to matters of fact in the documents that we reviewed were and are accurate. 

In rendering the opinions set forth
herein, we have assumed further that (a) the Company is validly existing and in good standing under the law of the jurisdiction in which it has been organized and has full power and authority to conduct its business as described in the
Registration Statement, (b) the Company has duly authorized, executed and delivered the Warrant Agreement and each of the Warrants in accordance with its organizational documents and under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it was organized,
(c) the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Warrant Agreement and each of the Warrants does not violate the laws of the jurisdiction in which the Company was organized or the law of any other jurisdiction (except that no
assumption is made with respect to the federal law of the United States or the law of the State of New York), (d) the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Warrant Agreement and each of the Warrants does not constitute a breach
or violation of the Companys organizational documents or any agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party or which is binding upon it, and (e) each of the Warrant Agreement and each Warrant is a valid, legally binding and
enforceable agreement of each party thereto (other than with respect to the Company). 

Based upon and subject to the foregoing, and subject also to the
comments and qualifications set forth below, and having considered such questions of law as we have deemed relevant and necessary as a basis for the opinions expressed below, we are of the opinion that the Warrants constitute valid and legally
binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms. 

To the extent that Canadian law may be relevant, our
opinion is subject to the effect of such laws including the matters contained in the opinion of McCarthy Ttrault LLP. We express no views in this opinion on the validity of the matters set forth in such opinion. 

Our opinions expressed above are subject to (A) (1) the effects of bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance or transfer
or other similar laws relating to or affecting the rights of creditors generally, and (2) the application of general principles of equity (regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law), including without limitation
(a) the possible unavailability of specific performance, injunctive relief or any other equitable remedy and (b) concepts of materiality, reasonableness, good faith and fair dealing, and (B) limitations on the right to indemnity and
contribution under applicable law and public policy. In addition, we express no opinion as to the validity, legally binding effect or enforceability of any waiver of immunity, any waiver of a right to trial by jury or any provisions relating to
partial unenforceability. 

In addition, the opinions set forth above are subject to the following qualifications: 

(A) 

We express no opinion as to the validity, binding effect or enforceability of any provision of the Warrants:

(i) 

related to (a) forum selection or submission to jurisdiction (including, without limitation, any waiver of
any objection to venue in any court or of any objection that a court is an inconvenient forum) to the extent that the validity, binding effect or enforceability of any provision is to be determined by any court other than a court of the State of New
York, or (b) choice of governing law to the extent that the validity, binding effect or enforceability of any such provision is to be determined by any court other than a court of the State of New York or a federal district court sitting in the
State of New York, in each case, applying the law and choice of law principles of the State of New York; 

(ii) 

specifying that provisions thereof may be waived only in writing, to the extent that an oral agreement or an
implied agreement by trade practice or course of conduct has been created that modifies any provision of such agreement; and 

(iii) 

purporting to give any person or entity the power to accelerate obligations without any notice to the obligor.

(B) 

The opinions expressed above are subject to the effect of, and we express no opinions herein as to, the
application of state or foreign securities or Blue Sky laws or any rules or regulations thereunder. 

(C) 

We express no opinion as to the submission to the jurisdiction of United States federal courts insofar as it
relates to the subject matter jurisdiction of any United States federal court sitting in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, to adjudicate any controversy related to the Warrants or any document related to the Warrants. In connection
with provisions which relate to forum selection (including, without limitation, any waiver of any objection to venue or any objection that a court is an inconvenient forum), we note that under NYCPLR 510 a New York State court may have
discretion to transfer the place of trial, and under 28 U.S.C. 1404(a) a U.S. district court has discretion to transfer an action from one U.S. federal court to another, and we also note that a New York State court and a U.S. federal court may
dismiss an action on the ground that such court is an improper venue or inconvenient forum. 

We hereby consent to the filing of this
opinion as an exhibit to a Current Report on Form 8-K to be filed by the Company on the date hereof and its incorporation by reference into the Registration Statement and further consent to the reference to
our name under the caption Legal Matters in the prospectus supplement relating to the Offering, which is a part of the Registration Statement. In giving this consent, we do not admit that we are in the category of persons whose consent
is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder. 

Very truly yours, 

/s/ Freshfields US LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>d867622dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

Li-Cycle Holdings Corp. 

and 

Continental Stock
Transfer & Trust Company, LLC 

Warrant Agency Agreement 

Dated as of January 16, 2025 

WARRANT AGENCY AGREEMENT 

WARRANT AGENCY AGREEMENT, dated as of January 16, 2025 (Agreement), between
Li-Cycle Holdings Corp., an Ontario corporation (the Company), and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC, a New York limited liability trust company (the Warrant
Agent or Continental). 

W I T N E S S E T H 

WHEREAS, pursuant to a registered offering (the Offering) by the Company of: (i) 5,000,000 Units (Units)
with each Unit consisting of (a) one (1) common share of the Company, no par value per share (the Common Shares), (b) one (1) warrant with an eight-month term (the Eight Month Warrants) to purchase one
(1) Common Share (the Eight Month Warrant Share(s)), and (c) one (1) warrant with a five-year term (the Five Year Warrants) to purchase one Common Share (the Five Year Warrant
Share(s))); and (ii) 10,000,000 Pre-Funded Units (the Pre-Funded Units) with each Pre-Funded Unit
consisting of (a) one (1) Pre-Funded Warrant (Pre-Funded Warrant(s)) to purchase one Common Share (the
Pre-Funded Warrant Share(s), and together with the Eight Month Warrant Share(s) and the Five-Year Warrant Shares(s), individually and collectively, the Warrant
Shares) at a price of $0.00001 per share, (b) one (1) Eight-Month Warrant, and (c) one (1) Five-Year Warrant; and 

WHEREAS, the Company granted an over-allotment option to Aegis Capital Corp. as underwriter to purchase up to an additional 2,250,000 Common
Shares, Eight Month Warrants to purchase an additional 2,250,000 Common Shares and/or Five Year Warrants to purchase an additional 2,250,000 Common Shares (the Over-Allotment Option); and 

WHEREAS, the Company has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) a Registration Statement on
Form S-3 (File No. 333-278010) (as the same may be amended from time to time, the Registration Statement), for the registration under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, of the Common Shares, the Eight Month Warrants, the Five Year Warrants, the Pre-Funded Warrants and the Warrant Shares, and such Registration Statement was declared
effective on March 29, 2024 and the Company intends to issue the Common Shares, Eight Month Warrants, Five Year Warrants, Pre-Funded Warrants and Warrant Shares pursuant to a Prospectus Supplement to the
Registration Statement dated January 15, 2025 (Prospectus Supplement); 

WHEREAS, upon the terms and subject to the
conditions hereinafter set forth and pursuant to the Registration Statement and Prospectus Supplement and the terms and conditions of the Eight Month Warrant Certificate, Five Year Warrant Certificate and the
Pre-Funded Warrant Certificate, the Company wishes to issue the Eight Month Warrants, the Five Year Warrants and Pre-Funded Warrants in certificated form; and 

WHEREAS, the Common Shares, Eight Month Warrants, Five Year Warrants and Pre-Funded Warrants to be
issued in connection with the Offering shall be immediately separable and will be issued separately, but will be purchased together in the Offering and the Eight Month Warrants, the Five Year Warrants and the
Pre-Funded Warrants will not be listed for trading; and 

WHEREAS, the Company wishes the Warrant Agent to act on behalf of the Company, and the
Warrant Agent is willing so to act, in connection with the issuance, registration, transfer, exchange, exercise and replacement of the Eight Month Warrants, the Five Year Warrants and the Pre-Funded Warrants
(collectively, the Warrants) and, in the Warrant Agents capacity as the Companys transfer agent, the delivery of the Warrant Shares. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual agreements herein set forth, the parties hereby agree as follows: 

Section 1. Certain Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement: 

(a) Affiliate has the meaning ascribed to it in Rule 12b-2 of the General Rules and
Regulations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). 

(b) Business
Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental
action to close. 

(c) Close of Business on any given date means 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on such
date; provided, however, that if such date is not a Business Day it means 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the next succeeding Business Day. 

(d) Eight Month Warrant Certificate means a certificate in substantially the form attached as Exhibit
1 hereto, representing such number of Warrant Shares as is indicated therein. 

(e) Five Year Warrant
Certificate means a certificate in substantially the form attached as Exhibit 2 hereto, representing such number of Common Shares as is indicated therein. 

(f) Holder means a holders, as applicable, of the Eight Month Warrants, the Five Year Warrants and/or the Pre-Funded Warrants. 

(g) Person means an individual, corporation, association,
partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust, unincorporated organization, government or political subdivision thereof or governmental agency or other entity. 

(h) Pre-Funded Warrant Certificate means a certificate in substantially the form
attached as Exhibit 3 hereto, representing such number of Common Shares as is indicated therein. 

(i) Trading
Day means any day on which the Common Shares are traded on the Trading Market. 

(j) Trading Market means any
of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Shares are listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the New York Stock
Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing). 

All other capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the
meaning ascribed to such terms in the respective Warrant Certificate. 

Section 2. Appointment of Warrant Agent. The
Company hereby appoints the Warrant Agent to act as agent for the Company in accordance with the express terms and conditions hereof, and the Warrant Agent hereby accepts such appointment. 

Section 3. Warrants. 

(a) The Eight Month Warrant Certificate, the Five Year Warrant Certificate and the Pre-Funded Warrant
Certificate, together with the form of election to purchase Common Shares (Notice of Exercise) and the form of assignment to be printed on the reverse thereof, shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit
1, Exhibit 2, and Exhibit 3, respectively, hereto. Each Warrant shall be issued in certificated form only (each such separate certificate, a Definitive Certificate) 

2 

(b) Each Definitive Certificate shall be executed on behalf of the Company by its Chief
Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer. Unless and until countersigned by the Warrant Agent pursuant to this Agreement, a Warrant shall be invalid and of no effect and may not be exercised by the holder thereof. In the event the person whose
facsimile signature has been placed upon any Warrant shall have ceased to serve in the capacity in which such person signed the Warrant before such Warrant is issued, it may be issued with the same effect as if he or she had not ceased to be such at
the date of issuance. 

(c) The Warrant Agent shall maintain books (the Warrant Register) for the registration of the
original issuance and transfers of the Warrants. Upon the initial issuance of the Warrants, the Warrant Agent shall issue and register the Warrants in the names of the respective holders thereof in such denominations and otherwise in accordance with
instructions delivered to the Warrant Agent by the Company. 

(d) Prior to due presentment for registration of transfer of any Warrant, the
Company and the Warrant Agent may deem and treat the person in whose name such Warrant shall be registered upon the Warrant Register (the registered holder), as the absolute owner of such Warrant and of each Warrant represented
thereby (notwithstanding any notation of ownership or other writing on the warrant certificate made by anyone other than the Company or the Warrant Agent), for the purpose of any exercise thereof, and for all other purposes, and neither the Company
nor the Warrant Agent shall be affected by any notice to the contrary. 

Section 4. Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen
Definitive Certificates. If any Warrant is lost, stolen, mutilated, or destroyed, the Company and the Warrant Agent may on such terms as to indemnity or otherwise as they may in their discretion impose (which shall, in the case of a mutilated
Warrant, include the surrender thereof), issue a new Eight Month Warrant Certificate, Five Year Warrant Certificate or Pre-Funded Warrant Certificate, as applicable, as the Warrant so lost, stolen, mutilated,
or destroyed, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonable satisfactory to the Company of such loss, theft, or destruction of such Warrant and indemnity or bond reasonably satisfactory to the Company. Any such new Warrant shall constitute a
substitute contractual obligation of the Company, whether or not the allegedly lost, stolen, mutilated, or destroyed Warrant shall be at any time enforceable by anyone. In such event, the Holder shall also comply with such other reasonable
regulations and pay such other reasonable charges as the Company may prescribe. 

Section 5. Exercise of Warrants; Exercise
Price; Termination Date. 

(a) The Eight Month Warrants, the Five Year Warrants and the
Pre-Funded Warrants shall be exercisable commencing on the Initial Exercise Date. The Eight Month Warrants, Five Year Warrants and Pre-Funded Warrants shall cease to be
exercisable and shall terminate and become void as set forth in the Eight Month Warrant Certificate, Five Year Warrant Certificate and Pre-Funded Warrant Certificate, respectively. The Pre-Funded Warrants have no termination or expiration date. Subject to the foregoing and to Section 5(b) below, the Holder of an Eight Month Warrant, a Five Year Warrant or a
Pre-Funded Warrant may exercise the Eight Month Warrant, the Five Year Warrant or the Pre-Funded Warrant in whole or in part upon surrender of the Eight Month Warrant
Certificate, the Five Year Warrant Certificate or Pre-Funded Warrant Certificate, if required, with the executed Notice of Exercise and payment of the Exercise Price, which may be made, at the option of the
Holder, by wire transfer or by certified or official bank check in United States dollars, to the Warrant Agent at the office of the Warrant Agent designated for such purpose or to the office of one of its agents as may be designated by the Warrant
Agent from time to time. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. 

(b) Upon receipt of a Notice of Exercise for a cashless exercise pursuant to Section 2(c) of the Eight Month Warrant Certificate, the
Five Year Warrant Certificate or the Pre-Funded Warrant Certificate, as applicable (a Cashless Exercise) the Company will promptly calculate and transmit to the Warrant Agent the number of
Warrant Shares issuable in connection with such Cashless Exercise and deliver a copy of the Notice of Exercise to the Warrant Agent, which shall issue such number of Warrant Shares in connection with such Cashless Exercise. The Warrant Agent shall
have no duty or obligation to investigate or confirm whether the Companys determination of the number of Warrant Shares to be issued on such exercise is accurate or correct. 

3 

(c) Upon the exercise of an Eight Month Warrant Certificate, Five Year Warrant Certificate
or Pre-Funded Warrant Certificate, as applicable, pursuant to the terms of the Eight Month Warrant Certificate, the Five Year Warrant Certificate or the Pre-Funded
Warrant Certificate, as applicable, the Warrant Agent shall cause the Warrant Shares underlying such Eight Month Warrant Certificate, Five Year Warrant Certificate or Pre-Funded Warrant Certificate, as
applicable, to be delivered to or upon the order of the Holder of such Eight Month Warrant Certificate, Five Year Warrant Certificate or Pre-Funded Warrant Certificate, as applicable, registered in such name
or names as may be designated by such Holder, no later than the Warrant Share Delivery Date (as such term is defined in the Definitive Certificate). If the Company is then a participant in the DWAC system of The Depositary Trust Company ( the
Depositary) and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B) the Warrant is being exercised via Cashless
Exercise, then the certificates for Warrant Shares shall be transmitted by the Warrant Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders broker with the Depositary through its DWAC system. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Company
becomes obligated to pay any amounts to any Holders pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) or 2(d)(iv) of the Eight Month Warrant Certificate, the Five Year Warrant Certificate or the Pre-Funded Warrant Certificate,
as applicable, such obligation shall be solely that of the Company and not that of the Warrant Agent. Notwithstanding anything else to the contrary in this Agreement, except in the case of a Cashless Exercise, if any Holder fails to duly deliver
payment to the Warrant Agent of an amount equal to the aggregate Exercise Price of the Warrant Shares to be purchased upon exercise of such Holders Eight Month Warrant Certificate, Five Year Warrant Certificate or Pre-Funded Warrant Certificate, as applicable, as set forth in Section 5(a) hereof by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Warrant Agent will not be obligated to deliver such Warrant Shares (via DWAC or
otherwise) until following receipt of such payment, and the applicable Warrant Share Delivery Date shall be deemed extended by one day for each day (or part thereof) until such payment is delivered to the Warrant Agent. 

(d) The Warrant Agent shall deposit all funds received by it in payment of the Exercise Price for all Eight Month Warrants, Five Year Warrants
or Pre-Funded Warrants, as applicable, as described in Section 5(e) and shall advise the Company via email at the end of each day on which notices of exercise are received or funds for the exercise of any
Eight Month Warrant, Five Year Warrant or Pre-Funded Warrant, as applicable, are received of the amount so deposited to its account. The Warrant Agent shall forward funds received for warrant exercises in a
given month by the 5th Business Day of the following month by wire transfer to an account designated by the Company. 

(e) All funds
received by the Warrant Agent under this Agreement that are to be distributed or applied by the Warrant Agent in the performance of services hereunder (the Funds) shall be held by the Warrant Agent as agent for the Company and
deposited in one or more bank accounts to be maintained by the Warrant Agent in its name as agent for the Company. Until paid pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, the Warrant Agent will hold the Funds through such accounts in: deposit
accounts of commercial banks with Tier 1 capital exceeding $1 billion or with an average rating above investment grade by S&P (LT Local Issuer Credit Rating), Moodys (Long Term Rating) and Fitch Ratings, Inc. (LT Issuer Default
Rating) (each as reported by Bloomberg Finance L.P.). The Warrant Agent shall have no responsibility or liability for any diminution of the Funds that may result from any deposit made by the Warrant Agent in accordance with this
Section 5(e), including any losses resulting from a default by any bank, financial institution or other third party. The Warrant Agent may from time to time receive interest, dividends or other earnings in connection with such
deposits. The Warrant Agent shall not be obligated to pay such interest, dividends or earnings to the Company, any holder or any other party. 

Section 6. Cancellation and Destruction of Warrant Certificates. All Eight Month Warrant Certificates, Five Year Warrant
Certificates or Pre-Funded Warrant Certificates surrendered for the purpose of exercise, transfer or split up shall, if surrendered to the Company or to any of its agents, be delivered to the Warrant Agent for
cancellation or in canceled form, or, if surrendered to the Warrant Agent, shall be canceled by it, and no Eight Month Warrant Certificate, Five Year Warrant Certificate or Pre-Funded Warrant Certificate shall
be issued in lieu thereof except as expressly permitted by any of the provisions of this Agreement. The Company shall deliver to the Warrant Agent for cancellation and retirement, and the Warrant Agent shall so cancel and retire, any other Eight
Month Warrant Certificate, Five Year Warrant Certificate or Pre-Funded Warrant Certificate purchased or acquired by the Company otherwise than upon the exercise thereof. The Warrant Agent shall deliver all
canceled Eight Month Warrant Certificates, Five Year Warrant Certificates and Pre-Funded Warrant Certificates to the Company, or shall, at the written request of the Company, destroy such canceled Eight Month
Warrant Certificates, Five Year Warrant Certificates and Pre-Funded Warrant Certificates, and in such case shall deliver a certificate of destruction thereof to the Company, subject to any applicable law, rule
or regulation requiring the Warrant Agent to retain such canceled certificates. 

4 

Section 7. Certain Representations; Reservation and Availability of Common
Shares or Cash. 

(a) This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company and, assuming due authorization,
execution and delivery hereof by the Warrant Agent, constitutes a valid and legally binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, and the Warrants have been duly authorized, executed and issued by
the Company and, assuming due authentication thereof by the Warrant Agent pursuant hereto and payment therefor by the Holders as provided in the Registration Statement, constitute valid and legally binding obligations of the Company enforceable
against the Company in accordance with their terms and entitled to the benefits hereof; in each case except as enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other similar laws relating to or affecting
creditors rights generally or by general equitable principles (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law). 

(b) The Company shall at all times reserve and keep available a number of its authorized but unissued Common Shares that shall be sufficient
to permit the exercise in full of all outstanding Eight Month Warrants, Five Year Warrants and Pre-Funded Warrants, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 

(c) The Company further covenants and agrees that it will pay when due and payable any and all United States federal and state transfer taxes
and charges which may be payable in respect of the original issuance or delivery of the Eight Month Warrant Certificates, Five Year Warrant Certificates or Pre-Funded Warrant Certificates or certificates
evidencing Common Shares upon exercise of the Warrants. Neither the Company nor the Warrant Agent shall, however, be required to pay any tax or governmental charge which may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the transfer or delivery
of Eight Month Warrant Certificates, Five Year Warrant Certificates or Pre-Funded Warrant Certificates or the issuance or delivery of certificates for the Common Shares in a name other than that of the Holder
of the Eight Month Warrant Certificate, Five Year Warrant Certificate or Pre-Funded Warrant Certificate evidencing Eight Month Warrants, Five Year Warrants or Pre-Funded
Warrants surrendered for exercise or to issue or deliver any certificate for Common Shares upon the exercise of any Eight Month Warrants, Five Year Warrants or Pre-Funded Warrants until any such tax or
governmental charge shall have been paid (any such tax or governmental charge being payable by the Holder of such Eight Month Warrant Certificate, Five Year Warrant Certificate or Pre-Funded Warrant
Certificate at the time of surrender) or until it has been established to the Companys and the Warrant Agents reasonable satisfaction that no such tax or governmental charge is due. 

Section 8. Common Share Record Date. Each Person in whose name any certificate for Common Shares are issued (or to whose
brokers account is credited Common Shares through the DWAC system) upon the exercise of Eight Month Warrants, Five Year Warrants or Pre-Funded Warrants shall for all purposes be deemed to have become the
holder of record for the Common Shares represented thereby on, and such certificate shall be dated, the date on which submission of the Notice of Exercise was made, provided that the Eight Month Warrant Certificate, Five Year Warrant Certificate or Pre-Funded Warrant Certificate evidencing such Eight Month Warrant, Five Year Warrant or Pre-Funded Warrant is duly surrendered (but only if required herein) and payment of
the Exercise Price (and any applicable transfer taxes) is received on or prior to the Warrant Share Delivery Date; provided, however, that if the date of submission of the Notice of Exercise is a date upon which the Common
Shares transfer books of the Company are closed, such Person shall be deemed to have become the record holder of such Common Shares on, and such certificate shall be dated, the next succeeding day on which the Common Shares transfer books of the
Company are open. 

Section 9. Adjustment of Exercise Price, Number of Common Shares or Number of Eight Month Warrants, Five
Year Warrants or Pre-Funded Warrants. The Exercise Price, the number of shares covered by each Eight Month Warrant, Five Year Warrant or Pre-Funded Warrant and the
number of Eight Month Warrants, Five Year Warrants or Pre-Funded Warrants outstanding are subject to adjustment from time to time as provided in Section 3 of the Eight Month Warrant Certificate, Five Year
Warrant Certificate and Pre-Funded Warrant Certificate. In the event that at any time, as a result of an adjustment made pursuant to Section 3 of the Eight Month Warrant Certificate, Five Year Warrant
Certificate or Pre-Funded Warrant Certificate, the Holder of any Eight Month Warrant, Five Year Warrant or Pre-Funded Warrant thereafter exercised shall become entitled
to receive any shares of capital stock of the Company other than Common Shares, thereafter the number of such other shares so receivable upon exercise of any Eight Month 

5 

Warrant, Five Year Warrant or Pre-Funded Warrant shall be subject to adjustment from time to time in a manner and on terms as nearly equivalent as
practicable to the provisions with respect to the shares contained in Section 3 of the Eight Month Warrant Certificate, Five Year Warrant Certificate or Pre-Funded Warrant Certificate and the provisions
of Sections 5, 9 and 10 of this Agreement with respect to the Common Shares shall apply on like terms to any such other shares. All Eight Month Warrants, Five Year Warrants or Pre-Funded Warrants originally
issued by the Company subsequent to any adjustment made to the Exercise Price pursuant to the Eight Month Warrant Certificate, Five Year Warrant Certificate or Pre-Funded Warrant Certificate shall evidence the
right to purchase, at the adjusted Exercise Price, the number of Common Shares purchasable from time to time thereunder upon exercise of the Eight Month Warrants, Five Year Warrants or Pre-Funded Warrants, all
subject to further adjustment as provided therein. 

Section 10. Certification of Adjusted Exercise Price or Number of Common
Shares. Whenever the Exercise Price or the number of Common Shares issuable upon the exercise of each Eight Month Warrant, Five Year Warrant or Pre-Funded Warrant is adjusted as provided in Section 9
or 11 of this Agreement, the Company shall (a) promptly prepare a certificate setting forth the Exercise Price of each Eight Month Warrant, Five Year Warrant or Pre-Funded Warrant as so adjusted, and a
brief statement of the facts accounting for such adjustment, (b) promptly file with the Warrant Agent and with each transfer agent for the Common Shares a copy of such certificate and (c) instruct the Warrant Agent to send a brief summary
thereof to each Holder of an Eight Month Warrant Certificate, Five Year Warrant Certificate or Pre-Funded Warrant Certificate. The Warrant Agent shall be fully protected in relying on any such certificate and
on any adjustment or statement therein contained and shall have no duty or liability with respect to, and shall not be deemed to have knowledge of any such adjustment or any such event unless and until it shall have received such certificate. 

Section 11. Fractional Warrants; Common Shares. 

(a) The Company shall not issue fractions of Eight Month Warrants, Five Year Warrants or Pre-Funded
Warrants or distribute Definitive Certificates which evidence fractional Eight Month Warrants, Five Year Warrants or Pre-Funded Warrants. Whenever any fractional Eight Month Warrant, Five Year Warrant or Pre-Funded Warrant would otherwise be required to be issued or distributed, the actual issuance or distribution shall reflect a rounding down of such fraction to the nearest whole Warrant. 

(b) The Company shall not issue fractions of Common Shares upon exercise of Eight Month Warrants, Five Year Warrants or Pre-Funded Warrants or distribute share certificates which evidence fractional Common Shares. Whenever any fraction of a Common Share would otherwise be required to be issued or distributed, the actual issuance or
distribution in respect thereof shall be made in accordance with Section 2(d)(v) of the Eight Month Warrant Certificate, Five Year Warrant Certificate or Pre-Funded Warrant Certificate. 

Section 12. Purchase or Consolidation or Change of Name of Warrant Agent. Any Person into which the Warrant Agent or any
successor Warrant Agent may be merged or with which it may be consolidated, or any Person resulting from any merger or consolidation to which the Warrant Agent or any successor Warrant Agent shall be party, or any Person succeeding to the
shareholder services or corporate trust business of the Warrant Agent or any successor Warrant Agent, shall be the successor to the Warrant Agent under this Agreement without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act on the part of any
of the parties hereto, provided that such Person would be eligible for appointment as a successor Warrant Agent under the provisions of Section 14. In case at the time such successor Warrant Agent shall succeed to the agency created by this
Agreement any of the Eight Month Warrant Certificates, Five Year Warrant Certificates or Pre-Funded Warrant Certificates shall have been countersigned but not delivered, any such successor Warrant Agent may
adopt the countersignature of the predecessor Warrant Agent and deliver such Eight Month Warrant Certificates, Five Year Warrant Certificates or Pre-Funded Warrant Certificates countersigned; and in case at
that time any of the Eight Month Warrant Certificates, Five Year Warrant Certificates or Pre-Funded Warrant Certificates shall not have been countersigned, any successor Warrant Agent may countersign such
Warrant Certificates either in the name of the predecessor Warrant Agent or in the name of the successor Warrant Agent; and in all such cases such Eight Month Warrant Certificates, Five Year Warrant Certificates or
Pre-Funded Warrant Certificates shall have the full force provided in the Eight Month Warrant Certificates, Five Year Warrant Certificates or Pre-Funded Warrant
Certificates and in this Agreement. 

6 

In case at any time the name of the Warrant Agent shall be changed and at such time any of
the Eight Month Warrant Certificates, Five Year Warrant Certificates or Pre-Funded Warrant Certificates shall have been countersigned but not delivered, the Warrant Agent may adopt the countersignature under
its prior name and deliver such Eight Month Warrant Certificates, Five Year Warrant Certificates or Pre-Funded Warrant Certificates so countersigned; and in case at that time any of the Eight Month Warrant
Certificates, Five Year Warrant Certificates or Pre-Funded Warrant Certificates shall not have been countersigned, the Warrant Agent may countersign such Eight Month Warrant Certificates, Five Year Warrant
Certificates or Pre-Funded Warrant Certificates either in its prior name or in its changed name; and in all such cases such Eight Month Warrant Certificates, Five Year Warrant Certificates or Pre-Funded Warrant Certificates shall have the full force provided in the Eight Month Warrant Certificates, Five Year Warrant Certificates or Pre-Funded Warrant Certificates
and in this Agreement. 

Section 13. Duties of Warrant Agent. The Warrant Agent undertakes the duties and obligations
imposed by this Agreement upon the following express terms and conditions, by all of which the Company, by its acceptance hereof, shall be bound: 

(a) The Warrant Agent may consult with legal counsel reasonably acceptable to the Company (who may be legal counsel for the Company), and the
opinion of such counsel shall be full and complete authorization and protection to the Warrant Agent as to any action taken or omitted by it in good faith and in accordance with such opinion. 

(b) Whenever in the performance of its duties under this Agreement the Warrant Agent shall deem it necessary or desirable that any fact or
matter be proved or established by the Company prior to taking or suffering any action hereunder, such fact or matter (unless other evidence in respect thereof be herein specifically prescribed) may be deemed to be conclusively proved and
established by a certificate signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Company; and such certificate shall be full authentication to the Warrant Agent for any action taken or omitted to be taken in good faith by it
under the provisions of this Agreement in reliance upon such certificate. 

(c) The Warrant Agent shall be liable hereunder only for its
own gross negligence or willful misconduct or for a breach of this Agreement (as determined by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction). 

(d) The Warrant Agent shall not be liable for or by reason of any of the statements of fact or recitals contained in this Agreement or in the
Eight Month Warrant Certificate, Five Year Warrant Certificate or Pre-Funded Warrant Certificate (except its countersignature thereof) by the Company or be required to verify the same, but all such statements
and recitals are and shall be deemed to have been made by the Company only. 

(e) The Warrant Agent shall not be under any responsibility
in respect of the validity of this Agreement or the execution and delivery hereof (except the due execution hereof by the Warrant Agent) or in respect of the validity or execution of any Eight Month Warrant Certificate, Five Year Warrant Certificate
or Pre-Funded Warrant Certificate (except its countersignature thereof); nor shall it be responsible for any breach by the Company of any covenant or condition contained in this Agreement or in any Eight Month
Warrant Certificate, Five Year Warrant Certificate or Pre-Funded Warrant Certificate; nor shall it be responsible for the adjustment of the Exercise Price or the making of any change in the number of Common
Shares required under the provisions of Section 9 or 11 or responsible for the manner, method or amount of any such change or the ascertaining of the existence of facts that would require any such adjustment or change (except with respect to
the exercise of the Eight Month Warrants, Five Year Warrants or Pre-Funded Warrants evidenced by the Eight Month Warrant Certificates, Five Year Warrant Certificates or
Pre-Funded Warrant Certificates after actual notice of any adjustment of the Exercise Price); nor shall it by any act hereunder be deemed to make any representation or warranty as to the authorization or
reservation of any Common Shares to be issued pursuant to this Agreement or any Definitive Certificate or as to whether any Common Shares will, when issued, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. 

(f) Each party hereto agrees that it will perform, execute, acknowledge and deliver or cause to be performed, executed, acknowledged and
delivered all such further and other acts, instruments and assurances as may reasonably be required by the other party hereto for the carrying out or performing by any party of the provisions of this Agreement. 

(g) The Warrant Agent is hereby authorized to accept instructions with respect to the performance of its duties hereunder from the Chief
Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Company, and to apply to such officers for advice or instructions in connection with its duties. The Warrant Agent shall be liable hereunder only for its own gross negligence, willful misconduct or
bad faith. The Company agrees to indemnify the Warrant Agent and save it harmless against any and all liabilities, including judgments, costs and reasonable counsel fees, for anything done or omitted by the Warrant Agent in the execution of this
Agreement, except as a result of the Warrant Agents gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith. 

7 

(h) The Warrant Agent and any shareholder, director, officer or employee of the Warrant
Agent may buy, sell or deal in any of the Eight Month Warrants, Five Year Warrants or Pre-Funded Warrants or other securities of the Company or become pecuniarily interested in any transaction in which the
Company may be interested, or contract with or lend money to the Company or otherwise act as fully and freely as though it were not Warrant Agent under this Agreement. Nothing herein shall preclude the Warrant Agent from acting in any other capacity
for the Company or for any other legal entity. 

(i) The Warrant Agent may execute and exercise any of the rights or powers hereby vested
in it or perform any duty hereunder either itself or by or through its attorney or agents, and the Warrant Agent shall not be answerable or accountable for any act, default, neglect or misconduct of any such attorney or agents or for any loss to the
Company resulting from any such act, default, neglect or misconduct, absent bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct (each as determined by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent
jurisdiction) in the selection and continued employment thereof. 

Section 14. Resignation, Consolidation, or Merger of
Warrant Agent. 

(a) The Warrant Agent, or any successor to it hereafter appointed, may resign its duties and be discharged from all
further duties and liabilities hereunder after giving sixty (60) days notice in writing to the Company. If the office of the Warrant Agent becomes vacant by resignation or incapacity to act or otherwise, the Company shall appoint in
writing a successor Warrant Agent in place of the Warrant Agent. If the Company shall fail to make such appointment within a period of thirty (30) days after it has been notified in writing of such resignation or incapacity by the Warrant Agent
or by the holder of a Warrant (who shall, with such notice, submit their Warrant for inspection by the Company), then the holder of any Warrant may apply to the Supreme Court of the State of New York for the County of New York for the appointment of
a successor Warrant Agent at the Companys cost. Any successor Warrant Agent, whether appointed by the Company or by such court, shall be a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of New York, in good standing and having
its principal office in the Borough of Manhattan, City and State of New York, and authorized under such laws to exercise corporate trust powers and subject to supervision or examination by federal or state authority. After appointment, any successor
Warrant Agent shall be vested with all the authority, powers, rights, immunities, duties, and obligations of its predecessor Warrant Agent with like effect as if originally named as Warrant Agent hereunder, without any further act or deed; but if
for any reason it becomes necessary or appropriate, the predecessor Warrant Agent shall execute and deliver, at the expense of the Company, an instrument transferring to such successor Warrant Agent all the authority, powers, and rights of such
predecessor Warrant Agent hereunder; and upon request of any successor Warrant Agent the Company shall make, execute, acknowledge, and deliver any and all instruments in writing for more fully and effectually vesting in and confirming to such
successor Warrant Agent all such authority, powers, rights, immunities, duties, and obligations. 

(b) In the event a successor Warrant
Agent shall be appointed, the Company shall give notice thereof to the predecessor Warrant Agent and the transfer agent for the Common Shares not later than the effective date of any such appointment. 

(c) Any corporation into which the Warrant Agent may be merged or with which it may be consolidated or any corporation resulting from any
merger or consolidation to which the Warrant Agent shall be a party shall be the successor Warrant Agent under this Agreement without any further act. 

(d) The Company may terminate the Warrant Agent at any time upon ten (10) business days notice. The Company may serve as Warrant
Agent in the event the Warrant Agent is terminated. 

Section 15. Issuance of New Warrant Certificates. Notwithstanding
any of the provisions of this Agreement or of the Eight Month Warrants, Five Year Warrants or Pre-Funded Warrants to the contrary, the Company may, at its option, issue new Eight Month Warrant Certificates,
Five Year Warrant Certificates or Pre-Funded Warrant Certificates evidencing Eight Month Warrants, Five Year Warrants or Pre-Funded Warrants in such form as may be
approved by its Board of Directors to reflect any adjustment or change in the Exercise Price per share and the number or kind or class of Common Shares or other securities or property purchasable under the Eight Month Warrant Certificates, Five Year
Warrant Certificates or Pre-Funded Warrant Certificates made in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. 

8 

Section 16. Notices. Notices or demands authorized by this Agreement to be
given or made (i) by the Warrant Agent or by the Holder of any Eight Month Warrant Certificate, Five Year Warrant Certificate or Pre-Funded Warrant Certificate to or on the Company, (ii) subject to
the provisions of Section 14, by the Company or by the Holder of any Eight Month Warrant Certificate, Five Year Warrant Certificate or Pre-Funded Warrant Certificate to or on the Warrant Agent or
(iii) by the Company or the Warrant Agent to the Holder of any Eight Month Warrant Certificate, Five Year Warrant Certificate or Pre-Funded Warrant Certificate shall be deemed given (a) on the date
delivered, if delivered personally, (b) on the first Business Day following the deposit thereof with Federal Express or another recognized overnight courier, if sent by Federal Express or another recognized overnight courier, (c) on the
fourth Business Day following the mailing thereof with postage prepaid, if mailed by registered or certified mail (return receipt requested), and (d) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile or email
attachment at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a Business Day and (e) the next Business Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile or email attachment on a day that is not a
Business Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Business Day, in each case to the parties at the following addresses (or at such other address for a party as shall be specified by like notice): 

(a) 

If to the Company, to: 

Li-Cycle Holdings Corp. 

207 Queens Quay West, Suite 590, 

Toronto, ON, M5J 1A7, Canada 

Attn: Carl DeLuca, General Counsel 

Email: 

Cc: 

(b) 

If to the Warrant Agent, to: 

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC 

One State Street, 30th Floor 

New
York, NY 10004 

Attn: Compliance Department 

Email: compliance@continentalstock.com 

For any
notice delivered by email to be deemed given or made, such notice must be followed by notice sent by overnight courier service to be delivered on the next business day following such email, unless the recipient of such email has acknowledged via
return email receipt of such email. 

(c) If to the Holder of any Eight Month Warrant Certificate, Five Year Warrant Certificate or Pre-Funded Warrant Certificate to the address of such Holder as shown on the registry books of the Company. Any notice required to be delivered by the Company to the Holder of any Eight Month Warrant, Five Year
Warrant or Pre-Funded Warrant may be given by the Warrant Agent on behalf of the Company. 

Section 17. Supplements and Amendments. 

(a) The Company and the Warrant Agent may from time to time supplement or amend this Agreement or any Warrants without the approval of any
Holders of Warrants in order to add to the covenants and agreements of the Company for the benefit of the Holders of the Warrants or to surrender any rights or power reserved to or conferred upon the Company in this Agreement, provided that such
addition or surrender shall not adversely affect the interests of the Holders of the Warrants in any material respect.

9 

(b) In addition to the foregoing, with the consent of Holders of Warrants entitled, upon
exercise thereof, to receive not less than a majority of the Warrant Shares issuable thereunder, the Company and the Warrant Agent may modify this Agreement or any Warrant for the purpose of adding any provisions to or changing in any manner or
eliminating any of the provisions of this Warrant Agreement or modifying in any manner the rights of the Holders of the Warrants; provided, however, that no modification of the terms (including but not limited to the
adjustments described in Section 9) upon which the Warrants are exercisable or the rights of holders of Warrants to receive liquidated damages or other payments in cash from the Company or reducing the percentage required for consent to
modification of this Agreement may be made without the consent of the Holder of each outstanding Eight Month Warrant Certificate, Five Year Warrant Certificate and Pre-Funded Warrant Certificate affected
thereby. As a condition precedent to the Warrant Agents execution of any amendment, the Company shall deliver to the Warrant Agent a certificate from a duly authorized officer of the Company that states that the proposed amendment complies
with the terms of this Section 17. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Warrant Agent shall not be required to execute any supplement or amendment to this Agreement or any Warrant that it has determined would
adversely affect its own rights, duties, obligations or immunities under this Agreement. No supplement or amendment to this Agreement or any Warrant shall be effective unless duly executed by the Warrant Agent and the Company. 

Section 18. Successors. All covenants and provisions of this Agreement by or for the benefit of the Company or the Warrant
Agent shall bind and inure to the benefit of their respective successors and assigns hereunder. 

Section 19. Benefits of this
Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to give any Person other than the Company, the Holders of Eight Month Warrant Certificates, Five Year Warrant Certificates or Pre-Funded Warrant
Certificates and the Warrant Agent any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under this Agreement. This Agreement shall be for the sole and exclusive benefit of the Company, the Warrant Agent and the Holders of the Eight Month Warrant
Certificates, Five Year Warrant Certificates and Pre-Funded Warrant Certificates. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, to the extent any provision of the Eight Month Warrant Certificate,
Five Year Warrant Certificate or Pre-Funded Warrant Certificate conflicts with any provision of this Agreement, the provisions of this Agreement shall govern and be controlling with respect to the rights,
duties, obligations and immunities of the Warrant Agent. 

Section 20. Governing Law. This Agreement and each Warrant
Certificate and Global Warrant issued hereunder shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, United States of America, without giving effect to the conflicts of law principles thereof. 

Section 21. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and each of such counterparts shall
for all purposes be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. 

Section 22. Captions. The captions of the sections of this Agreement have been inserted for convenience only and shall not
control or affect the meaning or construction of any of the provisions hereof. 

Section 23. Information. The Company
agrees to promptly provide to the Holders of the Eight Month Warrants, Five Year Warrants or Pre-Funded Warrants any information it provides to the holders of the Common Shares, except to the extent any such
information is publicly available on the EDGAR system (or any successor thereof) of the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Section 24. Force Majeure. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any Definitive Certificate, the
Warrant Agent shall not be liable for any delays or failures in performance resulting from acts beyond its reasonable control including, without limitation, extreme weather events, terrorist acts, pandemics, epidemics, shortage of supply, breakdowns
or malfunctions, interruptions or malfunctions of any utilities, communications, or computer facilities, or loss of data due to power failures or mechanical difficulties with information storage or retrieval systems, labor difficulties, war or civil
unrest. Notwithstanding the above, the Warrant Agent shall take all industry standard measures to protect Company and Warrant holders data and personal information in connection with its performance under this Agreement. All right, title and
interest to Company data shall belong to the Company and Warrant Agent has no intellectual property rights, license or other claim to Company data or data relating to holders of the Warrants that is hosted, stored, or transferred to and from the
computer systems hosted by the Warrant Agent or its contractors.

[Signature Page Follows] 

10 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed
as of the day and year first above written. 

LI-CYCLE HOLDINGS CORP.

By: 

/s/ Ajay Kochhar

Name: Ajay Kochhar

Title: Chief Executive Officer

CONTINENTAL STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY, LLC

By: 

/s/ Leicia Savinetti

Name: Leicia Savinetti

Title: Vice President
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>d867622dex102.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
EX-10.2

Exhibit 10.2 

Li-Cycle Holdings Corp. 

207 Queens Quay West, Suite 590 

Toronto, Ontario M5J 1A7 

January 14, 2025 

Glencore Canada
Corporation 

100 King Street West, Suite 6900 

Toronto, ON,
M5X 1E3 

Re: 

Consent and Waiver in respect of Senior Secured Glencore Note

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

Reference is made to that
certain senior secured convertible note, dated as of March 25, 2024, issued by Li-Cycle Holdings Corp., a corporation existing under the laws of the Province of Ontario (the Company),
to Glencore Canada Corporation (the Holder) (such note and together with any payment-in-kind notes issued thereunder, referred to collectively as the
Senior Secured Glencore Note). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Senior Secured Glencore Note. 

The Company intends to enter into that certain Underwriting Agreement with Aegis Capital Corp., providing for, among other things, the
issuance by the Company of Series A Warrants in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Series A Warrants), Series B Warrants in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B (the Series B Warrants) and Pre-Funded Warrants in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C (the Pre-Funded Warrants and together with the Series A Warrants and the Series B Warrants, the
Warrants) to holders in a public underwritten offering with maximum gross proceeds of $22.5 million (inclusive of the underwriters 15% over-allotment option, the Offering). The consent and waiver by
the Holder contained in this letter agreement applies solely to the Offering to be priced on January 15, 2024 and not to any future offering or unsold portion of the Offering contemplated hereby. 

The issuance of the Warrants will constitute an issuance of Disqualified Capital Stock under the Senior Secured Glencore Note, which would
require capacity under Section 1 of Annex A-2 for the incurrence of Indebtedness (the Limitation on Incurrence of Indebtedness Covenant). The Company has requested that the Holder
consent to the issuance of the Warrants under the Limitation on Incurrence of Indebtedness Covenant and the Companys compliance with certain other terms of the Warrants as set forth in Section 1(b) below. 

In consideration of the rights and obligations contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of
which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Holder hereto agree as follows. 

Section 1. (a) The Company hereby acknowledges and agrees that the
Senior Secured Glencore Note shall continue in full force and effect, except as otherwise specifically set forth in clause (b) below, and this letter agreement will not constitute any other modification, amendment or waiver to the Senior
Secured Glencore Note with respect to any other term or provision of the Warrants or the Companys obligations thereunder. 

(b)The
Holder hereby acknowledges and consents to: 

(i) the issuance by the Company of the Warrants as an incurrence of Disqualified Capital Stock
and the Holder irrevocably waives any Default or Event of Default pursuant to the Limitation on Incurrence of Indebtedness Covenant which may occur as a result of the issuance of the Warrants; 

(ii) the participation by the holders of the Warrants in dividends or other distributions declared by the Company to the holders of the
Companys common shares in accordance with Section 3(b) of the Warrants and the Holder hereby irrevocably waives any Default or Event of Default pursuant to Section 3(a) of Annex A-2 of the
Glencore Senior Secured Note (the Restricted Payments Covenant) with respect to the participation by the holders of the Warrants in any such dividends or distributions. For the avoidance of doubt and without limitation, in no
event shall this clause (b)(ii) be construed to constitute a waiver or modification of the Restricted Payments Covenant for any other purpose, including, without limitation, the Companys ability to declare dividends or distributions to the
holders of the Companys common shares; and 

(iii) the payment of cash or non-cash
consideration upon the repurchase or exercise of Warrants in connection with a Fundamental Transaction (as defined in the Warrants) in accordance with Section 3(c) of the Warrants and the Holder hereby irrevocably waives any Default or Event of
Default pursuant to the Restricted Payments Covenant and Section 3(b) of Annex A-2 of the Glencore Senior Secured Note which may occur as a result of the payment of cash consideration or the repurchase of
Warrants upon a Fundamental Transaction, as the case may be, so long as, to the extent any Glencore Notes (as defined below) are outstanding immediately prior to the occurrence of a Fundamental Transaction, the Company shall have complied with its
obligations to redeem the Glencore Notes in accordance with their terms in connection with such Fundamental Transaction prior to the Company paying cash or non-cash consideration upon the repurchase or
exercise of Warrants in connection with the Fundamental Transaction to the Holder pursuant to Section 3(c) of the Warrants. 

Section 2. No later than ten (10) Business Days after the sale of the Warrants, the Company shall amend the
Senior Secured Glencore Note, the First A&R Note and the Second A&R Note (in each case as defined in the Senior Secured Glencore Note) and the form of warrants attached thereto (collectively, the Glencore Notes), to
reflect any terms contained in the Warrants that are more favorable to the holders of the Warrants than those contained in the Glencore Notes to the extent requested by the Holder. 

Section 3. The Holder hereby represents to the Company that this letter agreement has been duly authorized, executed
and delivered by the Holder and constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Holder enforceable against the Holder in accordance with its terms. 

Section 4. The Company hereby represents to the Holder that this letter agreement has been duly authorized, executed
and delivered by the Company and constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms. 

Section 5. The following provisions from the Senior Secured
Glencore Note shall be deemed incorporated, mutatis mutandis, into this letter agreement as if set forth herein: Section 20 (Dispute Resolution); Section 21(a) (Notices), and
Section 24 (Governing Law). 

Section 6. This letter agreement may be executed
and delivered in one or more counterparts including by email or other electronic transmission, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement. The words execution,
signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this letter agreement or any document to be signed in connection with this letter agreement shall be deemed to include electronic signatures,
deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the
case may be, and the parties hereto consent to execute and deliver this letter agreement by electronic means. 

[Signature Page Follows]

Please evidence your agreement with the foregoing by executing this letter agreement and
returning to the undersigned. 

LI-CYCLE HOLDINGS CORP.

By: 

/s/ Ajay Kochhar

Name: Ajay Kochhar

Title: President and CEO

ACNOWLEDGED AND AGREED as of the date first written above: 

GLENCORE CANADA CORPORATION

By: 

/s/ John Burton

Name: John Burton

Title: Authorised Signatory
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>d867622dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

Li-Cycle Announces Pricing of $15 Million Underwritten Public
Offering 

TORONTO, Ontario (January 15, 2025) Li-Cycle Holdings Corp. (NYSE: LICY) (Li-Cycle or the Company), a leading global lithium-ion battery resource recovery company, today announced the pricing of its previously announced
underwritten public offering in the United States (the Offering), with gross proceeds to the Company expected to be approximately $15 million, before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other estimated offering
expenses payable by the Company. The Offering is expected to close on or about January 16, 2025, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions. 

The Offering consists of 15,000,000 units (Units) (or pre-funded units
(Pre-Funded Units) in lieu thereof). Each Unit (or Pre-Funded Unit) consists of: (i) one common share, without par value, of the Company (Common
Share) (or one pre-funded warrant to purchase one Common Share (Pre-Funded Warrant), (ii) one Series A Warrant to purchase one Common Share
(Series A Warrant), and (iii) one Series B Warrant to purchase one Common Share (Series B Warrant and, together with the Series A Warrant, the Warrants). 

Each Series A Warrant is exercisable at an exercise price of $1.00 per Common Share. Each Series B Warrant is exercisable at an exercise price of $1.00 per
Common Share, subject to certain anti-dilution and share combination event protections. The Series A Warrants will be immediately exercisable and will expire on the eight-month anniversary of the initial date of issuance and the Series B Warrants
will be immediately exercisable and will expire on the five-year anniversary of the initial date of issuance. 

The public offering price per Unit is $1.00
(or $ 0.99999 for each Pre-Funded Unit, which is equal to the public offering price per Unit minus an exercise price of $0.00001 per Pre-Funded Warrant). 

In connection with the Offering, the Company has granted Aegis Capital Corp. a 45-day option to purchase additional
Common Shares, Series A Warrants and/or Series B Warrants representing up to 15% of the total Common Shares and up to 15% of the total Warrants sold in the Offering solely to cover over-allotments, if any. 

Li-Cycle intends to use the net proceeds from this Offering for working capital and general corporate purposes. 

Aegis Capital Corp. is acting as the sole book-running manager for the Offering on a firm commitment basis. Freshfields US LLP is acting as counsel to the
Company. Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP is acting as counsel to Aegis Capital Corp. 

The Offering is pursuant to an effective shelf registration
statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-278010) previously filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and declared effective by the SEC on
March 29, 2024. A preliminary prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus describing the terms of the Offering were filed with the SEC on January 15, 2025. The final prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus relating to the
Offering will be filed with the SEC and available on the SECs website at www.sec.gov. Electronic copies of the final prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus relating to the Offering may be obtained, when available, by
contacting Aegis Capital Corp., Attention: Syndicate Department, 1345 Avenue of the Americas, 27th floor, New York, NY 10105, by email at syndicate@aegiscap.com, or by telephone at +1 (212) 813-1010.

This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any
sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. 

About Li-Cycle Holdings Corp. 

Li-Cycle (NYSE: LICY) is a leading global lithium-ion battery resource recovery
company. Established in 2016, and with major customers and partners around the world, Li-Cycles mission is to recover critical battery-grade materials to create a domestic closed-loop battery supply
chain for a clean energy future. The Company leverages its innovative, sustainable and patent-protected Spoke & Hub Technologies to recycle all different types of lithium-ion batteries. At our Spokes, or pre-processing facilities, we recycle battery manufacturing scrap and
end-of-life batteries to produce black mass, a powder-like substance which contains a number of valuable metals, including lithium, nickel and cobalt. At our future
Hubs, or post-processing facilities, we plan to process black mass to produce critical battery-grade materials, including lithium carbonate, for the lithium-ion battery supply chain. For more information,
visit https://li-cycle.com/. 

Investor Relations & Media 

Louie Diaz 

Sheldon Dsouza 

Investor Relations: investors@li-cycle.com

Media: media@li-cycle.com

Forward-Looking Statements 

Certain statements
contained in this press release may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
Section 21 of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and applicable Canadian securities laws. Forward-looking statements may generally be identified by the use of words such as believe, may,
will, continue, expect, should, plan, potential, future, or other similar expressions that predict or indicate future events or trends or that are not statements of
historical matters, although not all forward-looking statements contain such identifying words. Forward-looking statements in this press release include but are not limited to statements about: the expected closing of the Offering; and the
Companys intended use of proceeds. 

These statements are based on various assumptions, whether or not identified in this press release,
including but not limited to assumptions regarding Li-Cycles ability to satisfy the drawdown conditions and access funding under a loan facility with the U.S. Department of Energy (the DOE Loan
Facility); the timing, scope and cost of Li-Cycles projects, including paused projects; the processing capacity and production of Li-Cycles facilities;
Li-Cycles ability to source feedstock and manage supply chain risk; Li-Cycles ability to increase recycling capacity and efficiency; Li-Cycles ability to obtain financing on 

2 

acceptable terms or at all; the success of Li-Cycles cash preservation plan; the outcome of the go-forward
strategy of Li-Cycles Rochester Hub; Li-Cycles ability to retain and hire key personnel and maintain relationships with customers, suppliers and other
business partners. There can be no assurance that such estimates or assumptions will prove to be correct and, as a result, actual results or events may differ materially from expectations expressed in or implied by the forward-looking statements.

These forward-looking statements are provided for the purpose of assisting readers in understanding certain key elements of Li-Cycles current objectives, goals, targets, strategic priorities, expectations and plans, and in obtaining a better understanding of Li-Cycles business and
anticipated operating environment. Readers are cautioned that such information may not be appropriate for other purposes and is not intended to serve as, and must not be relied on, by any investor as a guarantee, an assurance, a prediction or a
definitive statement of fact or probability. 

Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties, most of which are difficult to
predict and many of which are beyond the control of Li-Cycle and are not guarantees of future performance. Li-Cycle believes that these risks and uncertainties include,
but are not limited to, the following: Li-Cycles inability to fund the anticipated costs of, and realize the anticipated benefits from, its Spoke optimization plan;
Li-Cycles inability to satisfy the drawdown conditions and access funding under the DOE Loan Facility; Li-Cycles inability to develop the Rochester Hub as
anticipated or at all, and other future projects including its Spoke network expansion projects in a timely manner or on budget or that those projects will not meet expectations with respect to their productivity or the specifications of their end
products; risk and uncertainties related to Li-Cycles ability to continue as a going concern; Li-Cycles insurance may not cover all liabilities and damages; Li-Cycles reliance on a limited number of commercial partners to generate revenue; Li-Cycles failure to effectively remediate the material weaknesses in its
internal control over financial reporting that it has identified or its failure to develop and maintain a proper and effective internal control over financial reporting; and risks of litigation or regulatory proceedings that could materially and
adversely impact Li-Cycles financial results. These and other risks and uncertainties related to Li-Cycles business are described in greater detail in the
sections titled Item 1A. Risk Factors and Item 7. Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of OperationKey Factors Affecting Li-Cycles
Performance in its Annual Report on Form 10-K and the sections titled Part II. Other InformationItem 1A. Risk Factors and Part I. Financial InformationItem 2.
Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of OperationKey Factors Affecting Li-Cycles Performance in its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, in each case filed with the SEC and the Ontario Securities Commission in Canada. Because of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, readers should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking
statements. Actual results could differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. 

Li-Cycle assumes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, except as required by applicable
laws. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing Li-Cycles assessments as of any date subsequent to the date of this press release. 

# # #

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>d867622dex992.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.2
<TEXT>
EX-99.2

Exhibit 99.2 

Li-Cycle Announces Closing of $15 Million Underwritten Public
Offering 

TORONTO, Ontario (January 16, 2025) Li-Cycle Holdings Corp.
(NYSE: LICY) (Li-Cycle or the Company), a leading global lithium-ion battery resource recovery company, today announced the closing of its
previously announced underwritten public offering in the United States (the Offering). Gross proceeds to the Company were approximately $15 million before deducting for offering expenses payable by the Company, including
underwriting fees and expenses. 

The Offering consisted of 5,000,000 units (the Units) and 10,000,000 pre-funded units (Pre-Funded Units). Each Unit consists of: (i) one common share, without par value, of the Company (Common Share), (ii) one
Series A Warrant to purchase one Common Share (Series A Warrant), and (iii) one Series B Warrant to purchase one Common Share (Series B Warrant). Each Pre-Funded Unit consists of:
(i) one pre-funded warrant to purchase one Common Share (the Pre-Funded Warrant and together with the Series A Warrant and the Series B Warrant, the
Warrants), (ii) one Series A Warrant, and (iii) one Series B Warrant. 

The public offering price per Unit was $1.00 and
the public offering price per Pre-Funded Unit was $0.99999, which is equal to the public offering price per Unit minus an exercise price of $0.00001 per Pre-Funded
Warrant. The initial exercise price of each Series A Warrant is $1.00 per Common Share. The Series A Warrants will be immediately exercisable and will expire on the eight-month anniversary of the initial date of issuance. The initial exercise price
of each Series B Warrant is $1.00 per Common Share. The Series B Warrants will be immediately exercisable and will expire on the five-year anniversary of the initial date of issuance. 

In connection with the Offering, the Company has granted Aegis Capital Corp. a 45-day option to
purchase additional Common Shares and/or Series A Warrants and/or Series B Warrants representing up to 15% of the total Common Shares and up to 15% of the total Series A Warrants and Series B Warrants sold in the Offering solely to cover
over-allotments, if any, at a price of $0.99998 per Common Share, $0.00001 per Series A Warrant, and $0.00001 per Series B Warrant. On January 16, 2025, Aegis Capital Corp. exercised its over-allotment option with respect to 2,250,000 Series A
Warrants and 2,250,000 Series B Warrants. 

The Offering closed on January 16, 2025. Li-Cycle
intends to use the net proceeds from this Offering for working capital and general corporate purposes. 

Aegis Capital Corp. acted as the
sole book-running manager for the Offering on a firm commitment basis. Freshfields US LLP acted as counsel to the Company. Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP acted as counsel to Aegis Capital Corp. 

The Offering was made pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-278010) previously filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and declared effective by the SEC on March 29, 2024. A final prospectus supplement and accompanying
prospectus describing the terms of the Offering were filed with the SEC on January 16, 2025 and is available on the SECs website at www.sec.gov. Electronic copies of the final prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus
relating to the Offering may be obtained, when available, by contacting Aegis Capital Corp., Attention: Syndicate Department, 1345 Avenue of the Americas, 27th floor, New York, NY 10105, by email at syndicate@aegiscap.com, or by telephone at
+1 (212) 813-1010.

This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to
buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

Consent and Waiver Agreement with Glencore Canada Corporation 

In connection with the Offering, on January 14, 2025, the Company entered into a consent and waiver agreement with Glencore Canada
Corporation (Glencore), a related party of the Company and the holder of the senior secured convertible note dated as of March 25, 2024 issued by the Company (the Glencore Senior Secured Convertible Note), pursuant to
which Glencore has, among other things, granted its consent to the issuance by the Company of the Warrants and agreed to waive any default or event of default under the Glencore Senior Secured Convertible Note which may occur as a result of the
issuance of the Warrants and the Companys compliance with certain terms of the Warrants (the Consent and Waiver Agreement). In addition, under the agreement, the Company has agreed to amend the Glencore Senior Secured Convertible
Note, the First A&R Note and the Second A&R Note (in each case as defined in the Glencore Senior Secured Glencore Note) and the form of warrants attached thereto (collectively, the Glencore Notes), to reflect any terms contained
in the Warrants that are more favorable to the holders of the Warrants than those contained in the Glencore Notes, to the extent requested by Glencore, within ten business days following the closing of the Offering. Additional information regarding
the Consent and Waiver Agreement may be found in a Form 8-K that will be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and in a material change report that will be filed with the Ontario Securities
Commission. 

Multilateral Instrument 61-101 Protection of Minority Security
Holders in Special Transactions

The entering into of the Consent and Waiver Agreement and the matters contemplated thereby
(the Transactions) are considered related party transactions within the meaning of Multilateral Instrument 61-101 Protection of Minority Security Holders in Special
Transactions (MI 61-101) of the Canadian Securities Administrators. In its consideration and approval of the Transactions, the independent members of the Board of Directors of Li-Cycle determined that the Transactions will be exempt from the formal valuation and minority approval requirements of MI 61-101 on the basis of the financial
hardship exemptions in Sections 5.5(g) and 5.7(e) of MI 61-101. The Company meets the requirements set out in Sections 5.5(g) and 5.7(e) of MI 61-101 based on the
independent members of the Board of Directors of Li-Cycle, acting in good faith, having unanimously determined that Li-Cycle is in serious financial difficulty, that the
Transactions are designed to improve Li-Cycles financial position, and that the terms of the Transactions are reasonable in the circumstances of Li-Cycle.

About Li-Cycle Holdings Corp. 

Li-Cycle (NYSE: LICY) is a leading global lithium-ion battery
resource recovery company. Established in 2016, and with major customers and partners around the world, Li-Cycles mission is to recover critical battery-grade materials to create a domestic closed-loop
battery supply chain for a clean energy future. The Company leverages its innovative, sustainable and patent-protected Spoke & Hub Technologies to recycle all different types of lithium-ion batteries. At our Spokes, or pre-processing facilities, we recycle battery manufacturing scrap and
end-of-life batteries to produce black mass, a powder-like substance which contains a number of valuable metals, including lithium, nickel and cobalt. At our future
Hubs, or post-processing facilities, we plan to process black mass to produce critical battery-grade materials, including lithium carbonate, for the lithium-ion battery supply chain. For more information,
visit https://li-cycle.com/. 

2 

Investor Relations & Media 

Louie Diaz 

Sheldon Dsouza

Investor Relations: investors@li-cycle.com

Media: media@li-cycle.com

Forward-Looking Statements 

Certain statements contained in this press release may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S.
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, Section 21 of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and applicable Canadian securities laws. Forward-looking
statements may generally be identified by the use of words such as believe, may, will, continue, expect, should, plan, potential, future, or
other similar expressions that predict or indicate future events or trends or that are not statements of historical matters, although not all forward-looking statements contain such identifying words. Forward-looking statements in this press release
include, but are not limited to, statements about the Companys intended use of proceeds, and the Companys agreement to amend the Glencore Notes, to reflect any terms contained in the Warrants that are more favorable to the holders of the
Warrants than those contained in the Glencore Notes, to the extent requested by Glencore. 

These statements are based on various
assumptions, whether or not identified in this press release, including but not limited to assumptions regarding Li-Cycles ability to satisfy the drawdown conditions and access funding under a loan
facility with the U.S. Department of Energy (the DOE Loan Facility); the timing, scope and cost of Li-Cycles projects, including paused projects; the processing capacity and production of Li-Cycles facilities; Li-Cycles ability to source feedstock and manage supply chain risk; Li-Cycles ability to
increase recycling capacity and efficiency; Li-Cycles ability to obtain financing on acceptable terms or at all; the success of Li-Cycles cash preservation
plan; the outcome of the go-forward strategy of Li-Cycles Rochester Hub; Li-Cycles ability to retain and hire key
personnel and maintain relationships with customers, suppliers and other business partners. There can be no assurance that such estimates or assumptions will prove to be correct and, as a result, actual results or events may differ materially from
expectations expressed in or implied by the forward-looking statements. 

These forward-looking statements are provided for the
purpose of assisting readers in understanding certain key elements of Li-Cycles current objectives, goals, targets, strategic priorities, expectations and plans, and in obtaining a better understanding
of Li-Cycles business and anticipated operating environment. Readers are cautioned that such information may not be appropriate for other purposes and is not intended to serve as, and must not be relied
on, by any investor as a guarantee, an assurance, a prediction or a definitive statement of fact or probability. 

3 

Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties, most of which are
difficult to predict and many of which are beyond the control of Li-Cycle and are not guarantees of future performance. Li-Cycle believes that these risks and
uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the following: Li-Cycles inability to fund the anticipated costs of, and realize the anticipated benefits from, its Spoke optimization plan; Li-Cycles inability to satisfy the drawdown conditions and access funding under the DOE Loan Facility; Li-Cycles inability to develop the Rochester Hub as
anticipated or at all, and other future projects including its Spoke network expansion projects in a timely manner or on budget or that those projects will not meet expectations with respect to their productivity or the specifications of their end
products; risk and uncertainties related to Li-Cycles ability to continue as a going concern; Li-Cycles insurance may not cover all liabilities and damages; Li-Cycles reliance on a limited number of commercial partners to generate revenue; Li-Cycles failure to effectively remediate the material weaknesses in its
internal control over financial reporting that it has identified or its failure to develop and maintain a proper and effective internal control over financial reporting; and risks of litigation or regulatory proceedings that could materially and
adversely impact Li-Cycles financial results. These and other risks and uncertainties related to Li-Cycles business are described in greater detail in the
sections titled Item 1A. Risk Factors and Item 7. Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of OperationKey Factors Affecting Li-Cycles
Performance in its Annual Report on Form 10-K and the sections titled Part II. Other InformationItem 1A. Risk Factors and Part I. Financial InformationItem 2.
Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of OperationKey Factors Affecting Li-Cycles Performance in its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, in each case filed with the SEC and the Ontario Securities Commission in Canada. Because of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, readers should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking
statements. Actual results could differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. 

Li-Cycle assumes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, except as required by applicable laws. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing Li-Cycles assessments as of any date subsequent to the date of this press release. 

# # #

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>licy-20250114.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000001 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>licy-20250114_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address Address Line 1 
Entity Address Address Line 1 

Entity Address Address Line 2 
Entity Address Address Line 2 

Entity Address City Or Town 
Entity Address City Or Town 

Entity Address State Or Province 
Entity Address State Or Province 

Entity Address Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address Postal Zip Code 

Entity Address Country 
Entity Address Country 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>licy-20250114_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>g867622dsp77.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>g867622dsp78.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>g867622dsp82.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>g867622dsp96.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>g867622g0116100924777.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>g867622g0116100925025.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>g867622g65t76.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Document and Entity Information

Jan. 14, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Jan. 14, 2025

Entity Registrant Name Li-Cycle Holdings Corp.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code A6

Entity File Number 001-40733

Entity Tax Identification Number 00-0000000

Entity Address Address Line 1 207 Queens Quay West

Entity Address Address Line 2 Suite 590

Entity Address City Or Town Toronto

Entity Address State Or Province ON

Entity Address Postal Zip Code M5J IA7

Entity Address Country CA

City Area Code 877

Local Phone Number 542-9253

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common shares, without par value

Trading Symbol LICY

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001828811

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCountry

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:countryCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000001 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://li-cycle.com//20250114/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d867622d8k.htm 
licy-20250114.xsd 
licy-20250114_lab.xml 
licy-20250114_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>30
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>31
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-007774-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>32
<FILENAME>d867622d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001828811 

2025-01-14 
2025-01-14 

00-0000000 
false 
0001828811 
8-K 
2025-01-14 
Li-Cycle Holdings Corp. 
A6 
001-40733 
207 Queens Quay West 
Suite 590 
Toronto 
ON 
M5J IA7 
CA 
877 
542-9253 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common shares, without par value 
LICY 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>