<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-001275.txt : 20250107
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-001275.hdr.sgml : 20250107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250106181150
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-001275
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241231
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250106

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LUDWIG ENTERPRISES, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001960262
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MEDICAL LABORATORIES [8071]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				611133438
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41881
		FILM NUMBER:		25512755

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3160 NW 1 AVENUE
		CITY:			POMPANO BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33064
		BUSINESS PHONE:		786-235-9026

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3160 NW 1 AVENUE
		CITY:			POMPANO BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33064
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0226928-8k_ludwig.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000196026200019602622024-12-312024-12-31iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C.

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of
earliest event reported): January 6, 2025 (December
31, 2024)

Ludwig Enterprises, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada 333-271439 61-1133438

(State or other jurisdiction 

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification Number)

8950 SW 74thCt Ste 2201-A149

Miami, FL 33156

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

786-363-0136

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the F4orm 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities
Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12(b) under the Exchange
Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of Each Exchange on

Which Registered

None N/A N/A

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive
Agreement.

On December 31, 2024, Ludwig
Enterprises, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the Exousia
SPA) with Marijuana, Inc., a publicly-traded Florida corporation (symbol: MAJI) (Purchaser),
pursuant to which Purchaser would purchase 100% ownership of a subsidiary of the Company, Exousia Ai, Inc., a Wyoming corporation (Exousia).

The purchase price under the
Exousia SPA for 100% ownership of Exousia is $500,000, payable by Purchaser by delivery of (a) 47,000,000 shares of Purchaser common stock
(the Purchaser Shares) and (b) a $100,000 principal amount promissory note (the Purchaser Note).
The Purchaser Note bears interest at eight percent (8%) per annum, with principal and accrued interest due December 31, 2025. As further
consideration for Purchasers entering into the Exousia SPA, the Company would agree to a lock-up of the Purchaser Shares for the
period from January 1, 2025, and expiring on the date that is six months immediately following the effective date of Purchasers
common stocks uplisting to any tier of the NASDAQ Stock Market (including NASDAQ Capital Market), the NYSE American or any successor
to such markets.

In connection with the Exousia
SPA, the Company and Purchaser entered into a Pledge Agreement (the Pledge Agreement), to secure Purchasers
payment obligations under the Purchaser Note.

Prior to the Companys
entering into the Exousia SPA, the Companys Board of Directors, after significant consideration and meaningful discussions, including
with investment bankers, determined it to be in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders to focus all available capital,
financial and human, on the exploitation of the Companys RevealiaTM test kit products. In light of such determination,
the Board of Directors further determined that

it to be prudent to divest of Exousia.

The foregoing descriptions
of the Exousia SPA, the Purchaser Note and the Pledge Agreement are qualified in their entireties by the full text of the Exousia SPA,
the Purchaser Note and the Pledge Agreement, which are filed as Exhibits 10.1, 10.2 and 10.3, respectively, to, and incorporated by reference
in, this Current Report.

Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition
of Assets.

The information contained
above in Item 1.01 is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 2.01.

On January 1, 2025, the closing
under the Exousia SPA was completed.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

10.1* Stock Purchase Agreement dated December 31, 2024, between the Company and Marijuana, Inc.

10.2* Promissory Note dated January 1, 2025, $100,000 principal amount, Marijuana, Inc., as maker, in favor of the Company.

10.3* Pledge Agreement dated January 1, 2025, between the Company and Marijuana, Inc.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL Document)

* Filed herewith.

1

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
hereunto duly authorized.

Date: January 6, 2025. 

LUDWIG ENTERPRISES, INC.

By: /s/ Jose Antonio Reyes

Jose Antonio Reyes

Chief Executive Officer

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea022692801ex10-1_ludwig.htm
<DESCRIPTION>STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT DATED DECEMBER 31, 2024, BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND MARIJUANA, INC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

STOCK
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This Stock Purchase Agreement (the Agreement)
is entered as of the 31st day of December, 2024, into by and between Marijuana, Inc., a Florida corporation (Purchaser)
and Ludwig Enterprises, Inc. (Seller), with respect to shares of common stock of Exousia Ai, Inc., a Wyoming
corporation (Exousia).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, Seller is the owner of 100% of the outstanding shares
of capital stock (the Subject Shares) of Exousia; and

WHEREAS, Purchaser desires to purchase the Subject Shares
from Seller, and Seller desires to sell the Subject Shares to Purchaser, on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

AGREEMENT

In order to consummate this Agreement, Purchaser
and Seller, in consideration of the mutual covenants and on the basis of the representations and warranties set forth, agree as follows:

1. Purchase
of Subject Shares.

1.01 Purchase.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Seller shall transfer and sell to Purchaser all indicia of ownership representing
the Subject Shares, duly endorsed in blank and delivered upon payment therefor on the Closing Date (defined below).

1.02 Consideration
for Purchase. In payment of the Subject Shares, Purchaser shall pay to Seller the sum of $500,000 (the Purchase Price),
as follows:

(a) by
delivery of 47,000,000 shares of common stock of Purchaser (the Closing Shares) on the Closing Date (defined
below); and

(b) by
delivery of a $100,000 principal amount secured promissory note (the Closing Note), in the form of Exhibit
A attached hereto, on the Closing Date (defined below).

2. Establishment
of Escrow.

2.01 Appointment
of Escrow Agent. Purchaser and Seller hereby appoint Eric Newlan on behalf of Newlan Law Firm, PLLC, as escrow agent (the Escrow
Agent) under this Agreement, and Escrow Agent hereby accepts such appointment.

2.02 Escrow of
Deliverables. On or before December 31, 2024 (the Escrow Date), Seller shall deliver to Escrow Agent
the items required to be delivered by Section 1.01 and the items required to be delivered by Section 7.02. On or before the Escrow
Date, Purchaser shall deliver to Escrow Agent the items required to be delivered by Section 1.02 and the items required to be
delivered by Section 7.01. The items to be delivered to Escrow Agent by Purchaser and Seller are referred to collectively as the Escrow
Deliverables. Subject to, and in accordance with, the terms and conditions hereof, Escrow Agent agrees that he shall
receive, hold in escrow and release or distribute the Escrow Deliverables.

2.03 Receipt
of Escrow Deliverables. Receipt of the Escrow Deliverables shall be confirmed, in writing delivered by e-mail to Purchaser and Seller,
by Escrow Agent as soon as practicable following his receipt of same.

2.04. Disbursement
of Escrow Deliverables. Escrow Agent is hereby authorized to make disbursements of the Escrow Deliverables and the Closing Amount,
in accordance with the terms of Section 5.

2.05 Scope
of Undertaking. Escrow Agents duties and responsibilities in connection with this Agreement shall be purely ministerial and
shall be limited to those expressly set forth in this Section 2. Escrow Agent shall not be liable for any error in judgment, any act or
omission, any mistake of law or fact, or for anything he may do or refrain from doing in connection herewith, except for his own fraud,
willful misconduct or gross negligence.

2.06. Indemnification.
Purchaser and Seller hereby jointly and severally agree to indemnify Escrow Agent against, and hold Escrow Agent harmless from, any and
all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred after the date hereof.

2.07. Compensation
and Reimbursement of Expenses. Escrow Agent shall receive no compensation for his serving as Escrow Agent.

2.08. Termination
by Purchaser and Seller. By mutual agreement, Purchaser and Seller shall have the right, at any time, to terminate their appointment
of Escrow Agent as the escrow agent hereunder.

3. Duties
and Rights of Escrow Agent. The agreements and obligations of the Escrow Agent are subject to the following provisions:

3.01. Escrow
Agents duties hereunder are limited solely to the safekeeping of the Escrow Deliverables in accordance with the terms of the Agreement.
It is agreed that the duties of Escrow Agent are only such as herein specifically provided, being purely of a ministerial nature and Escrow
Agent shall incur no liability whatsoever, except for gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith.

3.02. Escrow
Agent is authorized to rely on any document believed by the Escrow Agent to be authentic in making any delivery of the Escrow Deliverables.
He shall have no responsibility for the genuineness or validity of any documents or any other item deposited with him and he shall be
fully protected in acting in accordance with the Agreement or valid instruction received.

2

3.03. Purchaser
and Seller hereby waive any suit, claim, demand or cause of action of any kind which they may have or may assert against Escrow Agent
arising out of or relating to the execution or performance by Escrow Agent under this Agreement, unless such suit, claim, demand or cause
of action is based upon the gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith of Escrow Agent.

4. Delivery
into Court. If, at any time, there shall exist any dispute between Purchaser and Seller with respect to the holding or disposition
of any portion of the Escrow Deliverables or any other obligations of Escrow Agent hereunder, or if at any time Escrow Agent is unable
to determine, to Escrow Agents sole satisfaction, the proper disposition of any portion of the Escrow Deliverables, or Escrow Agents
proper actions with respect to his obligations hereunder, or if Purchaser and Seller have not with 30 days of the furnishing by Escrow
Agent of a notice of resignation appointed a successor Escrow Agent to act hereunder, Escrow Agent may, in his sole discretion, take either
or both of the following actions:

(a) suspend
the performance of any of his obligations under this Escrow Agreement until such dispute or uncertainty be resolved to the sale satisfaction
of the Escrow Agent or until a successor Escrow Agent shall have been appointed (as the case may be); provided, however, that Escrow Agent
shall continue to hold the Escrow Deliverables in accordance with Section 2.02 hereof; and/or

(b) petition
(by means of an interpleader action or any other appropriate method) any court of competent jurisdiction in Denton County, Texas, for
instructions with respect to such dispute or uncertainty, and deliver into the Court the Escrow Deliverables for holding and disposition
in accordance with the instructions of such Court.

Escrow Agent shall have no liability to Purchaser,
Seller or to any other person with respect to any such suspension of performance or delivery into Court, specifically including any liability
or claimed liability that may arise, or be alleged to have arisen, out of or as a result of any delay in the distribution of the Escrow
Deliverables or any delay in or with respect to any other action required or requested of Escrow Agent.

5. Further
Agreements.

5.01. Share
Lock-Up Agreement. As further consideration for Purchasers entering into this Agreement, Seller agrees to a lock-up of the
Closing Shares for the period beginning on the Closing Date (defined below) and expiring on the date that is six months immediately following
the effective date of Purchasers common stocks uplisting to any tier of the NASDAQ Stock Market (including NASDAQ Capital
Market), the NYSE American or any successor to such markets.

5.02. Pledge
Agreement. At or before the Closing, Purchaser and Seller shall have entered into a pledge agreement (the Pledge Agreement),
in the form of Exhibit B attached hereto, to secure Purchasers performance under the Closing Note.

3

5.03. Liabilities of
Exousia. At the Closing, Exousia shall have only the payables listed in Exhibit C attached hereto and made a part hereof
(the Exousia Liabilities). In this regard, it is the specific agreement of the Parties that Seller shall
have forgiven all loans made by it to Exousia effective December 31, 2024.

5.04. Financial
Statements. At the Closing, Purchaser will have received from Seller a copy of Exousias unaudited financial statements for
the period ended December 31, 2023, and, on or before January 15, 2024, (1) Exousias unaudited financial statements for the year
ended December 31, 2024, and (2) all accounting records and supporting materials1
for the period from inception through December 31, 2024 (collectively, the Exousia Financial Statements).

The Exousia Financial Statements fairly present the
financial condition of Exousia at the dates indicated and its results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended and, except
as indicated therein, reflect all claims, debts and liabilities of Acquired Company, fixed or contingent, and of whatever nature.

5.05. Corporate
and Financial Records. At the Closing, Seller shall provide Purchaser copies of corporate, financial and all other records of Exousia
(the Exousia Records).

5.06. Resignation
of Current Officers and Directors of Exousia. At the Closing, Seller shall deliver (1) a Board of Directors action (the Board
Action) appointing Michael Sheikh as President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Sole Director of the Company, effective
as of the Closing, and (2) a duly executed resignations (the Resignations) of Marvin H. Hausman and Scott
Silverman from all positions with the Company, effective as of the Closing.

5.07. Post-Closing
Assistance. For the 90-day period immediately following the Closing, as further consideration for Purchasers entering into
this Agreement, Seller agrees to provide, on an as-needed basis, assistance after the Closing relating to the Exousia Financial Statements,
should Purchaser be required to revise the Exousia Financial Statement in response to a comment from the SEC, in connection with Purchasers
planned Regulation A offering.

6. The
Closing; Closing Date. At 12:01 a.m. on January 1, 2025, Escrow Agent shall, on behalf of Purchaser and Seller, consummate this Agreement
(the Closing). The date of the consummation of this Agreement is referred to as the Closing Date.

7. Consummation
of the Closing. At the Closing and subject to the terms and conditions contained herein:

7.01. Deliveries
of Purchaser. Purchaser shall deliver the Closing Shares, the Closing Note, duly executed, and the Pledge Agreement, duly executed.

1 Accounting records and supporting materials
shall include all bank statements, agreements, notes, invoices and any and all other documentation as would be required in a PCAOB
audit.

4

7.02 Deliveries of
Seller. Seller shall deliver an Assignment, in the form of Exhibit D attached hereto, the Exousia Financial Statements,
the Exousia Records, the Board Action, duly executed, and the Resignations, duly executed.

8. Representations
and Warranties of Seller. Seller represents and warrants, as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date, as follows:

8.01. Full
Disclosure. As of the Closing Date, Seller will have disclosed all events, conditions and facts materially affecting the business
and prospects of Exousia known to Seller.

8.02. Acknowledgment
of Receipt of Disclosure. Seller acknowledges receipt of the disclosure regarding Purchaser delivered by Purchaser pursuant to Section
9.02.

8.03. Ownership
of Subject Securities. Seller is, on the date of this Agreement, and on the Closing Date will be, the lawful owner of the Subject
Securities. Seller has the legal right and power to sell, assign and transfer the Subject Securities. The delivery of the Subject Securities
to Purchaser pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement will transfer valid title to the Subject Securities free and clear of all liens,
encumbrances, claims and other restrictions of any kind.

8.04. Investment
Purpose. As of the date hereof, Seller is acquiring the Closing Shares for its own account and not with a present view towards the
public sale or distribution thereof, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted from registration under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (1933 Act); provided, however, that, by making the representations herein, Seller does not
agree to hold any of the Closing Shares for any minimum or other specific term and reserves the right to dispose of the Securities at
any time in accordance with or pursuant to a registration statement or an exemption under the 1933 Act.

8.05. Reliance
on Exemptions. Seller understands that the Closing Shares are being offered and sold to it in reliance upon specific exemptions from
the registration requirements of United States federal and state securities laws and that the Company is relying upon the truth and accuracy
of, and Sellers compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings of Seller set
forth herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of Seller to acquire the Closing Shares.

8.06. Governmental
Review. Seller understands that no United States federal or state agency or any other government or governmental agency has passed
upon or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Subject Shares.

5

8.07. Transfer or
Re-sale. Seller understands that (a) the sale or resale of the Closing Shares has not been and is not being registered under the
1933 Act or any applicable state securities laws, and the Closing Shares may not be transferred unless (1) the Closing Shares are
sold pursuant to an effective registration statement under the 1933 Act, (2) Seller shall have delivered to Purchaser an opinion of
counsel that shall be in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions to the effect that
the Closing Shares to be sold or transferred may be sold or transferred pursuant to an exemption from such registration, which
opinion shall be reasonably accepted by Purchaser, (3) the Closing Shares are sold or transferred to an affiliate (as
defined in Rule 144 promulgated under the 1933 Act (or a successor rule) (Rule 144")) of Seller who agrees
to sell or otherwise transfer the Closing Shares only in accordance with this Section 8.06, (4) the Closing Shares are sold pursuant
to Rule 144 or other applicable exemption, (e) the Closing Shares are sold pursuant to Regulation S under the 1933 Act (or a
successor rule) (Regulation S) or (f) the Closing Shares are sold pursuant to Regulation A under the
1933 Act (or a successor rule) (Regulation A), and Seller shall have delivered to Purchaser, at the cost
of Seller, an opinion of counsel that shall be in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in corporate
transactions, which opinion shall be reasonable accepted by Purchaser; (b) any sale of such Closing Shares made in reliance on Rule
144 may be made only in accordance with the terms of said Rule and further, if said Rule is not applicable, any re-sale of such
Closing Shares under circumstances in which the seller (or the person through whom the sale is made) may be deemed to be an
underwriter (as that term is defined in the 1933 Act) may require compliance with some other exemption under the 1933 Act or the
rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder; and (c) neither Purchaser nor any other person is under any obligation to register such
Closing Shares under the 1933 Act or any state securities laws or to comply with the terms and conditions of any exemption
thereunder (in each case). Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything else contained herein to the contrary, the Closing Shares may
be pledged in connection with a bona fide margin account or other lending arrangement secured by the Closing Shares, and such pledge
of Closing Shares shall not be deemed to be a transfer, sale or assignment of the Closing Shares hereunder, and Seller in effecting
such pledge of Closing Shares shall be not required to provide Purchaser with any notice thereof or otherwise make any delivery to
Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise.

8.08. Legends.
Seller understands that the Closing Shares have not been registered under the 1933 Act and may bear restrictive legends in substantially
the following forms:

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS INSTRUMENT HAVE NOT BEEN
REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR UNDER ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS, AND MAY
NOT BE PLEDGED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, HYPOTHECATED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED UNLESS (1) A REGISTRATION STATEMENT WITH RESPECT THERETO IS EFFECTIVE
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR (2) THE ISSUER OF SUCH SECURITIES RECEIVES AN OPINION OF COUNSEL
TO THE BUYER OF SUCH SECURITIES, WHICH COUNSEL AND OPINION ARE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE ISSUERS TRANSFER AGENT, THAT SUCH SECURITIES
MAY BE PLEDGED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, HYPOTHECATED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED WITHOUT AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS INSTRUMENT ARE SUBJECT
TO A LOCK-UP AGREEMENT CONTAINED IN THAT CERTAIN STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT DATED DECEMBER 30, 2024, BETWEEN MARIJUANA, INC. AND LUDWIG
ENTERPRISES, INC.

6

The legend set forth
above shall be removed and Purchaser shall issue a certificate or book entry statement for the applicable shares of Closing Shares
without such legend to the holder of any Closing Shares upon which it is stamped or (as requested by such holder) issue the
applicable Closing Shares to such holder by electronic delivery by crediting the account of such holders broker with The
Depository Trust Company (DTC), if, unless otherwise required by applicable state securities laws, (a)
such Closing Shares are registered for sale under an effective registration statement filed under the 1933 Act or otherwise may be
sold pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, Regulation A or other applicable exemption without any restriction as to the
number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, or (b) Purchaser or Seller provides an opinion of
counsel to the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Closing Shares may be made without registration under the 1933 Act,
which opinion shall be reasonably accepted by Purchaser so that the sale or transfer is effected. Seller shall be responsible for
the fees of its transfer agent and all DTC fees associated with any such issuance. Seller agrees to sell all Closing Shares in
compliance with applicable prospectus delivery requirements, if any.

8.09. Authorization;
Enforcement. This Agreement has been duly and validly authorized. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of
Seller, and this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding agreement of Seller enforceable in accordance with its terms.

8.10. No
Brokers or Finders. All negotiations related to this Agreement on the part of Seller have been accomplished solely by Seller without
the assistance of any person employed as a broker or finder. Seller has done anything to give rise to any valid claims against Purchaser.

9. Representations
and Warranties of Purchaser.

9.01. Acknowledgment
of Receipt of Disclosure. Purchaser acknowledges receipt of the disclosure regarding Exousia delivered by Seller pursuant to Section
8.01.

9.02. Full
Disclosure. As of the Closing Date, Purchaser will have disclosed all events, conditions and facts materially affecting the business
and prospects of Purchaser known to Purchaser.

9.03. Capitalization.
As of the date of this Agreement, the authorized capital stock of Purchaser consists of 250,000,000 authorized shares of common stock,
$0.001 par value per share, of which 35,094,567 shares are issued and outstanding, and 10,000,000 authorized shares of preferred stock,
$0.001 par value per share, 100 shares of which are designated Series A Preferred Stock. All of such outstanding shares of capital stock
are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

9.04 Issuance
of the Closing Shares. The Closing Shares, when issued and delivered in accordance with this Agreement, will be duly and validly issued,
fully paid and non-assessable, and will be free and clear of any liens or encumbrances and, to the knowledge of Purchaser, will be issued
in compliance with applicable state and federal laws.

7

9.05. Investment
Purpose. As of the date hereof, Seller is acquiring the Closing Shares for its own account and not with a present view towards
the public sale or distribution thereof, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted from registration under the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended (1933 Act); provided, however, that, by making the representations herein,
Seller does not agree to hold any of the Closing Shares for any minimum or other specific term and reserves the right to dispose of
the Securities at any time in accordance with or pursuant to a registration statement or an exemption under the 1933 Act.

9.06. Reliance
on Exemptions. Seller understands that the Closing Shares are being offered and sold to it in reliance upon specific exemptions from
the registration requirements of United States federal and state securities laws and that the Company is relying upon the truth and accuracy
of, and Sellers compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings of Seller set
forth herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of Seller to acquire the Closing Shares.

9.07. Governmental
Review. Seller understands that no United States federal or state agency or any other government or governmental agency has passed
upon or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Closing Shares.

9.08. Authorization;
Enforcement. This Agreement has been duly and validly authorized. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of
Purchase, and this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding agreement of Purchaser enforceable in accordance with its terms.

9.09. No
Brokers or Finders. All negotiations related to this Agreement on the part of Seller have been accomplished solely by Seller without
the assistance of any person employed as a broker or finder. Seller has done anything to give rise to any valid claims against Purchaser.

10. Survival
of Representations and Warranties; Expenses.

10.01. Nature
and Survival of Representations and Warranties. The covenants, representations and warranties of Purchaser and Seller shall survive
the Closing Date.

10.02. Expenses.
Purchaser and Seller shall pay their respective expenses incurred by them arising out of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
in this Agreement, including, but not limited to, all fees and expenses of their counsel and accountants.

11. Termination.

11.01. Default.
Purchaser or Seller may, by written notice, on or at any time prior to the Closing Date, terminate this Agreement by notice to the other
party in the event:

(a) The
other party has defaulted under this Agreement by failing to perform any of its covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement;
and

(b) Each
default has not been fully cured within three (3) days after receipt of the notice specifying particularly the nature of the default.

8

11.02. Delay. If
consummation of the transactions contemplated in this Agreement has not occurred by 11:59 p.m., Eastern Time, on January 15, 2025,
the party that is not in default in the timely performance of any of its covenants and conditions may terminate this Agreement
subsequent to that time by giving written notice of termination to the other party. The written notice of termination shall be
effective upon the delivery of the notice in person to the other party or parties or, if served by mail or overnight courier, upon
the receipt of the notice by such party or parties.

12. Miscellaneous.

12.01. Publicity.
Seller and Purchaser shall have the right to review a reasonable period of time before issuance of any press releases, SEC or principal
market filings or any other public statements with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby; provided, however, that neither
Seller nor Purchaser shall be prohibited from issuing any press release or from making any SEC or principal market filing required by
any applicable federal or state securities laws or regulations.

Notwithstanding the provisions in the foregoing paragraph,
Seller and Purchaser agree not make any press release with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, without the prior approval
of the other, which approval shall not be withheld unreasonably.

12.02. Notices.
All notices, requests and other communications to any party hereunder shall be in writing (including facsimile and e-mail transmission)
and shall be given:

if to Purchaser: Marijuana, Inc.

7901 4th Street N, #23494

St. Petersburg, Florida 33702

Attention: Michael Sheikh

E-mail: msheikh@exousiapro.com

if to Seller, to: Ludwig Enterprises,
Inc.

8950 SW 74th Court

Suite 2201-A149

Miami, Florida 33156

Attention: Antonio Reyes

E-mail: antonio@ludwigent.com

or to such other address or facsimile number as such party may hereafter
specify for the purpose by notice to the other parties hereto. All such notices, requests and other communications shall be deemed received
on the date of receipt by the recipient thereof if received prior to 5:00 p.m. on a business day in the place of receipt. Otherwise, any
such notice, request or communication shall be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding business day in the place of receipt.

12.03. No
Third-Party Beneficiaries. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer on any Person other than the parties
hereto or their respective successors and assigns any rights, remedies or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement.

12.04. Amendments and
Waivers. Any provision of this Agreement may be amended or waived prior to the Closing Date, if, but only if, such amendment or
waiver is in writing and is signed by the party against whom the waiver is to be effective. No failure or delay by any party in
exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise
thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. The rights and
remedies herein provided shall be cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by applicable law.

9

12.05. Cumulative
Rights and Remedies. All rights and remedies under this Agreement shall be cumulative, and none shall exclude any other right or remedy
at law. Such rights and remedies may be exercised and enforced concurrently and whenever and as often as occasion therefor arises.

12.06. Binding
Effect; Benefit; Assignment. The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties
hereto and their respective successors and assigns. No provision of this Agreement is intended to confer any rights, benefits, remedies,
obligations or liabilities hereunder upon any person other than the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. No party
may assign, delegate or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the consent of each other party
hereto; provided, however, that Purchaser shall have the right to assign his rights and delegate his duties hereunder to an entity controlled
by him.

12.07. Governing
Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada without regard to principles
of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
shall be brought only in the state courts of Florida or in the federal courts located in Miami, Florida. The parties to this Agreement
hereby irrevocably waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any defense based
on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non conveniens. Seller and Purchaser waive trial by jury. The prevailing party shall
be entitled to recover from its reasonable attorneys fees and costs. In the event that any provision of this Agreement or any other
agreement delivered in connection herewith is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision
shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or
rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability
of any other provision of any agreement. Each Party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being
served in any suit, action or proceeding in connection with this Agreement or any related document or agreement by mailing a copy thereof
via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices
to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing
contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.

12.08. Counterparts; Effectiveness.
This Agreement may be signed in counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto
and hereto were upon the same instrument. This Agreement shall become effective when executed by Purchaser and Seller.

12.09. Entire
Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement
and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, both oral and written, between the parties with respect to the subject matter of
this Agreement.

12.10. Severability.
If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction or other governmental authority
to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions of this Agreement shall remain
in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated so long as the economic or legal substance of the transactions
contemplated hereby is not affected in any manner materially adverse to any party. Upon such a determination, the parties shall negotiate
in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in an acceptable manner
in order that the transactions contemplated hereby be consummated as originally contemplated to the fullest extent possible.

12.11. Legal
Representation. Each of Purchaser and Seller acknowledges that each has had the opportunity to utilize separate legal counsel with
respect to this Agreement.

10

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have
caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the day and year first above written.

SELLER: PURCHASER:

LUDWIG ENTERPRISES, INC. MARIJUANA, INC.

By: /s/ Antonia Reyes By: /s/ Michael Sheikh

Antonio Reyes Michael Sheikh

Chief Executive Officer Chief Executive
Officer

AGREED AND ACCEPTED: 

ESCROW AGENT: 

NEWLAN LAW FIRM, PLLC 

By: /s/ Eric Newlan 

Eric Newlan 

Managing Member 

11

EXHIBIT A

Form of Closing Note

Delivered separately.

12

EXHIBIT B

Form of Pledge Agreement

Delivered separately.

13

EXHIBIT C

Exousia Liabilities

Delivered separately.

14

Exhibit D

Form of Assignment

ASSIGNMENT OF SECURITIES

For good and adequate consideration, the receipt
and adequacy of which is acknowledged, the undersigned, Ludwig Enterprises, Inc., a Nevada corporation (Assignor),
conveys, transfers and assigns to Marijuana, Inc., a Florida corporation (Assignee), all of Assignors
right, title and interest in and to the following securities:

100 Shares of Common Stock of

Exousia Ai, Inc., a Wyoming corporation

Assignee accepts such conveyance, transfer and
assignment.

This Assignment of Securities is made and received
to be effective on the 1st day of January, 2025.

ASSIGNOR: ASSIGNEE:

LUDWIG ENTERPRISES, INC. MARIJUANA, INC.

Exemplar Exemplar

By: By: 

Antonio Reyes Michael Sheikh

Chief Executive
Officer Chief Executive
Officer

15
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea022692801ex10-2_ludwig.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PROMISSORY NOTE DATED JANUARY 1, 2025, $100,000 PRINCIPAL AMOUNT, MARIJUANA, INC., AS MAKER, IN FAVOR OF THE COMPANY
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

NEITHER THE ISSUANCE NOR THE SALE OF THE SECURITIES
REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES
MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED
UNDER SAID ACT.

SECURED PROMISSORY NOTE 

Principal Amount: $100,000.00 Issue
Date: January 1, 2025

Marijuana, Inc., a Florida corporation (Maker),
promises to pay to Ludwig Enterprises, Inc., a Nevada corporation (Holder), the principal sum of One Hundred
Thousand Dollars ($100,000.00) (the Principal Balance), together with interest accrued thereon calculated
at the rate of eight percent (8%) per annum (the Interest), all as set forth herein (the Note).

The Principal Balance and accrued Interest shall
be due and payable on December 31, 2025 (the Maturity Date).

Upon a default by Maker hereunder, the then-outstanding
Principal Balance shall thereafter bear interest thereon at eighteen percent (18%) per annum (the Default Rate)
until the past due amount, including interest at the Default Rate, shall have been paid in full.

In the event any payment called for by this Note
would result in the violation of applicable usury laws, then any amount paid in excess of the maximum amount on interest allowed by law
shall be applied towards a reduction of the outstanding principal balance.

The obligations of this Note are secured by
that certain Pledge Agreement dated as of the Issue Date between Holder and Maker.

The occurrence of any one or more of the following
events shall constitute a default under this Note:

(a) failure
of Maker to make any payment when due under this Note, with a grace period of two (2) business days;

(b) the
filing of any petition under federal bankruptcy law or any similar federal or state statute by or against Maker;

(c) an
application for the appointment of a receiver for, the making of a general assignment for the benefit of creditors by, or the insolvency
of Maker;

(d) the
validity or enforceability of this Note is contested by Maker; or

(e) Maker denies that it
has any or any further liability or obligation hereunder.

This Note is and shall be deemed to have been made
and delivered in the State of Florida and in all respects shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of that State.

This Note shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of Florida without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party
against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this Note shall be brought only in the state courts of Florida or in the
federal courts located in Miami, Florida. The parties to this Note hereby irrevocably waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue of
any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non conveniens.
Maker and Holder waive trial by jury. The prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorneys
fees and costs. In the event that any provision of this Note or any other agreement delivered in connection herewith is invalid or unenforceable
under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith
and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable
under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of any agreement. Each party hereby irrevocably waives
personal service of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding in connection with this Note, any agreement
or any other document delivered in connection with this Note by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery
(with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Note and agrees that such service shall
constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any
right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.

The word Maker shall include Makers
representatives, successors and assigns and the word Holder shall include Holders representatives, successors and
assigns.

Maker and all endorsers of this Note hereby waive
presentment for payment, demand for payment, notice of non-payment and dishonor, protest, and notice of protest; consent to any renewals,
extensions and partial payments of this Note or the indebtedness for which it is given without notice to them, and consent that no such
renewals, extensions or partial payments shall discharge any party hereto from liability hereon in whole or in part.

If this Note shall be placed with an attorney for
collection, Maker, endorsers and guarantors agree to pay all costs of collection, including reasonable attorneys fees which shall
be added to the amount due under this Note and shall be recoverable with the amount due under this Note and shall be a lien on any collateral
securing this Note.

Maker acknowledges and agrees that sufficient consideration
has passed to render this Note valid and enforceable and waives any claim based on inadequate consideration.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Borrower has caused
this Note to be signed in its name by its duly authorized officer on January 1, 2025.

MARIJUANA, INC.

By: /s/ Michael Sheikh

Michael Sheikh

Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea022692801ex10-3_ludwig.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PLEDGE AGREEMENT DATED JANUARY 1, 2025, BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND MARIJUANA, INC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

PLEDGE
AGREEMENT

This Pledge Agreement (the Agreement)
is made and entered as of January 1, 2025, by and between Marijuana, Inc., a Florida corporation (Debtor),
Ludwig Enterprises, Inc., a Nevada corporation (Lender), and the undersigned holder of the pledged shares
(Pledge Holder).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, effective January 1, 2025, Debtor consummated a Stock
Purchase Agreement with, and issued a Secured Promissory Note in the principal amount of $100,000.00 (the Closing Note)
to, Lender, whereby the Company owes payment obligations to Lender; and

WHEREAS, Debtor has agreed to secure its payment obligations
to Lender under the Closing Note with a pledge of, and thereby create a security interest in favor of Lender in, a total of 100 shares
of common stock (the Shares) of Exousia Ai, Inc., a Wyoming corporation (Exousia),
the Shares representing 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of Exousia.

AGREEMENT

1. Security
Interest. Debtor hereby grants to Lender a security interest in (a) the Shares, (b) all Dividends (as defined below), and (c) all
Additional Securities (as defined below); to secure payment of the Closing Note and performance of all of Debtors obligations under
this Agreement. For purposes of this Agreement, the Shares, all Dividends and all Additional Securities will be collectively referred
to as the Collateral.

If any stock dividend, reclassification, readjustment,
stock split or other change is declared or made with respect to the Collateral, or if warrants or any other rights, options or securities
are issued in respect of the Collateral (Additional Securities), then all new, substituted and/or additional
shares or other securities issued by reason of such change or by reason of the exercise of such warrants, rights, options or securities,
will be (if delivered to Debtor, immediately surrendered to Lender care of the Pledge Holder and) pledged to Lender to be held under the
terms of this Agreement as and in the same manner as the Collateral is held hereunder.

2. Appointment
of the Pledge Holder. Debtor and Lender hereby designate and appoint the Pledge Holder as such for the purposes hereinafter set forth.
Debtor hereby deposits with the Pledge Holder (a) the Shares, as are represented by the book entry statement in the name of Debtor and
(b) a duly executed stock power in form satisfactory to Lender.

3. Rights
and Obligations of the Pledge Holder. Debtor and Lender hereby authorize the Pledge Holder to keep and preserve the Shares in its
possession pending payment in full of the Closing Note. If a default occurs under the terms of this Agreement or the Closing Note, then
Lender shall provide written notice to Debtor and the Company specifying the default and shall have the right to direct the Pledge Holder
to transfer the Shares to the Lender or its designee if Debtor has not cured the default within 15 days after receipt of the notice. In
such event, the Pledge Holder, acting as agent of Lender, shall, with respect to the Shares, exercise the rights and duties of a Secured
Party under the Uniform Commercial Code as enacted in Nevada (the UCC), and under any other applicable law
as the same may, from time to time, be in effect. Debtor agrees that any notice by Pledge Holder concerning the sale, disposition or other
intended action in connection with the Shares, whether required by the UCC, or otherwise shall constitute reasonable notice to Debtor
if such notice is mailed by registered mail or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid at least ten (10) days prior
to such action.

4. Disposition
of Shares. Upon any disposition of the Shares by Pledge Holder in accordance with the terms of Section 3 (Rights and Obligations of
the Pledge Holder), Lender shall be entitled to all of the proceeds of any such disposition.

5. Rights
of Beneficial Ownership. Upon an event of default under the Closing Note, Lender shall be deemed the beneficial owner of the Shares
and shall have all rights and benefits incident thereto. Lender and Debtor agree to execute any necessary proxies or other documents to
effectuate this right. So long as Debtor owns the Shares and no event of default has occurred under the Closing Note, Debtor shall be
entitled to vote any shares comprising the Collateral, subject to any proxies granted by Debtor.

6. Covenants
of Debtor. Debtor hereby represents and warrants to Lender that Debtor has good title (both record and beneficial) to the Collateral,
free and clear of all claims, pledges, security interests, liens or encumbrances of every nature whatsoever, and that Debtor has the right
to pledge and grant Lender the security interest in the Collateral granted under this Agreement. Debtor agrees that, until all sums due
under the Closing Note have been paid in full, Debtor will not: (a) sell, assign or transfer, or attempt to sell, assign or transfer,
any of the Collateral, (b) grant or create, or attempt to grant or create, any security interest, lien, pledge, claim or other encumbrance
with respect to any of the Collateral, (c) suffer or permit to continue upon any of the Collateral during the term of this Agreement,
an attachment, levy, execution or statutory lien, (d) permit the issuance of any equity of the Company or any other security of the Company
which diminishes the value, or rights and preferences of the Shares; or (e) amend the rights and preferences of the Shares.

There shall be no substitution of collateral under
the terms of this Agreement, without the prior written consent of Lender.

Debtor hereby agrees to indemnify Lender and Pledge
Holder against any direct loss, reasonable cost or out-of-pocket expense incurred by holder in connection with the Closing Note and this
Agreement and the exercise of any and all rights pertaining thereto, including, without limitation, all court costs, reasonable attorneys
fees and other costs of collection.

2

7. Disputes.
In the event of a dispute with respect to the terms and provisions of this Agreement, Pledge Holder shall not be required to resolve that
dispute or take any action with respect thereto. Pledge Holder may continue to hold the Shares and await final resolution of the dispute
by joint written instructions from Debtor and Lender or by a final determination of a court or arbitration panel of competent jurisdiction.
In the alternative, Pledge Holder may deliver the Shares to a court of proper jurisdiction under an appropriate action in interpleader
and thereupon be relieved of all responsibility under this Agreement.

8. Release
of Shares. When satisfactory proof has been presented to Pledge Holder that all amounts due under the Closing Note (including accrued
interest thereon) have been paid, Pledge Holder shall deliver the Shares with stock power attached to Debtor and all obligations by and
between Debtor, Lender and Pledge Holder under this Agreement shall thereupon cease.

9. Conduct
of Pledge Holder. Pledge Holder shall not be required to exercise any standard of care greater than ordinary care in discharging its
duties and obligations under this Agreement and Pledge Holder shall not incur any liability to anyone for any damages, losses or expenses
with respect to any action taken or omitted in good faith. Pledge Holder shall have no duties other than those expressly imposed herein.
Pledge Holder may rely and shall be protected in relying upon any paper or other document that may be submitted to it in connection with
its duties hereunder and that it believes to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper party or parties and shall
have no liability or responsibility with respect to the form, execution or validity thereof. Pledge Holder may resign as such following
the giving of 30 days prior written notice to the other parties hereto. Similarly, Pledge Holder may be removed and replaced following
the giving of 30-days prior written notice to Pledge Holder by the other parties hereto. In either event, the duties of Pledge
Holder shall terminate 30 days after receipt of such notice (or as of such earlier date as may be mutually agreeable), and Pledge Holder
shall then deliver the Shares and any other related materials then in its possession to a successor pledge holder as shall be appointed
by the other parties hereto as evidenced by a written notice filed with Pledge Holder. If the other parties hereto have failed to appoint
a successor prior to the expiration of 30 days following receipt of the notice of resignation or removal, Pledge Holder may appoint a
successor or petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor pledge holder or for other appropriate relief,
and any such resulting appointment shall be binding upon all of the parties hereto.

3

10. Notices.
All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and,
unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (a) personally served, (b) deposited in the mail, registered or certified, return receipt
requested, postage prepaid, (c) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid, or (d) transmitted by hand delivery,
telegram, e-mail or facsimile, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have specified most recently
by written notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed effective (1) upon hand
delivery or delivery by e-mail or facsimile, with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting facsimile machine, at the address
or number designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received), or the first
business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be
received) or (2) on the second business day following the date of mailing by express courier service, fully prepaid, addressed to such
address, or upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first occur.

The addresses for such communications shall be:

If to Lender: Ludwig Enterprises, Inc.

8950 SW 74th Court

Suite 2201-A149

Miami, Florida 33156

Attention: Antonio Reyes

E-mail: antonio@ludwigent.com

If to Debtor: Marijuana, Inc.

7901 4th Street N, #23494

St. Petersburg, Florida 33702

Attention: Michael Sheikh

E-mail: msheikh@exousiapro.com

If to Pledge Holder: Newlan Law Firm, PLLC, Attention: Eric Newlan

2201 Long Prairie Road

Suite 107-762

Flower Mound, Texas 75022

E-mail: eric@newlanpllc.com

11. Wavier.
No delay or omission by Lender in exercising any right or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof or of any right or remedy,
and no single or partial exercise thereof shall preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or remedy.
All rights and remedies of Lender hereunder are cumulative.

12. General.
No modification, rescission, waiver, release or amendment of any provision of this Agreement shall be made except by written agreement
subscribed by Debtor and Lender. An executed original of any such agreement shall be delivered to the Pledge Holder upon its execution
and if such agreement affects the right, duties or obligations of the Pledge Holder under this Agreement, it must also be executed and
agreed to by the Pledge Holder before the same shall have any legal effect. This Agreement shall be governed under the laws of the State
of Florida without regard to conflict of law principles; and any action with respect to this Agreement shall be bought in the State of
Florida, County of Dade. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all
of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Except as required by law, each party to this Agreement shall keep this
Agreement, the Closing Note and the transactions contemplated by these agreements strictly confidential.

4

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed
and delivered this Pledge Agreement on the date first set forth above.

DEBTOR: LENDER:

MARIJUANA, INC. LUDWIG ENTERPRISES, INC.

By: /s/ Michael Sheikh By: /s/ Antonia Reyes

Michael Sheikh Antonio Reyes

Chief Executive Officer Chief Executive Officer

PLEDGE HOLDER:

NEWLAN LAW FIRM, PLLC

By: /s/ Eric Newlan

Eric Newlan

Managing Member

5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ludg-20241231.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ludg-20241231_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ludg-20241231_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Dec. 31, 2024

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Dec. 31, 2024

Entity File Number 333-271439

Entity Registrant Name Ludwig Enterprises, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001960262

Entity Tax Identification Number 61-1133438

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 8950 SW 74

Entity Address, Address Line Two th

Entity Address, Address Line Three Ct Ste 2201-A149

Entity Address, City or Town Miami

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 33156

City Area Code 786

Local Phone Number 363-0136

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 3 such as an Office Park+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine3

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://ludgwig.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0226928-8k_ludwig.htm 
ludg-20241231.xsd 
ludg-20241231_lab.xml 
ludg-20241231_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-001275-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>ea0226928-8k_ludwig_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001960262 

2024-12-31 
2024-12-31 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001960262 
8-K 
2024-12-31 
Ludwig Enterprises, Inc. 
NV 
333-271439 
61-1133438 
8950 SW 74 
th 
Ct Ste 2201-A149 
Miami 
FL 
33156 
786 
363-0136 
false 
false 
false 
false 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>