<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-004100.txt : 20250116
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-004100.hdr.sgml : 20250116
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250116160555
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-004100
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250113
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250116
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250116

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MICRON TECHNOLOGY INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000723125
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEMICONDUCTORS & RELATED DEVICES [3674]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				751618004
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0828

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-10658
		FILM NUMBER:		25535768

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8000 S FEDERAL WAY
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 6
		CITY:			BOISE
		STATE:			ID
		ZIP:			83716-9632
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2083684000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8000 S FEDERAL WAY
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 6
		CITY:			BOISE
		STATE:			ID
		ZIP:			83716-9632
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm2425615d5_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000072312500007231252025-01-132025-01-13iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

January 13, 2025

Date of Report (date of earliest event reported)

Micron
Technology, Inc.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 1-10658 75-1618004

(State or
other jurisdiction of

incorporation) (Commission
File 

Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

8000
South Federal Way

Boise,
Idaho83716-9632

(Address
of principal executive offices and Zip Code) 

(208)
368-4000

(Registrants
telephone number, including area code) 

Check the appropriate
box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following
provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading 

symbol Name
of each exchange on which 

registered

Common
Stock, par value $0.10 per share MU Nasdaq
Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule
12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth
company 

If an emerging
growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any
new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On January 16, 2025, Micron Technology, Inc. ("Micron,"
"we," "us," or "our") settled its offering of $1,000,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 5.80% senior
notes due 2035 (the "Notes"). The Notes were issued and sold in a public offering pursuant to a registration statement on Form
S-3 (File No. 333-275276), including the prospectus contained therein (the "Base Prospectus"), filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, a preliminary prospectus supplement dated January 13, 2025, a related
final prospectus supplement dated January 13, 2025 (together with the Base Prospectus, the "Prospectus"), and a free writing
prospectus dated January 13, 2025.

The Notes were issued pursuant to an indenture,
dated as of February 6, 2019 (the "Base Indenture"), between Micron and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor
in interest to U.S. Bank National Association), as trustee, as supplemented by a ninth supplemental indenture, dated as of January 16,
2025 (the "Supplemental Indenture" and, together with the Base Indenture, the "Indenture"). The Indenture contains
certain covenants, events of default and other customary provisions.

The Notes bear interest at a rate of 5.80% per
year and will mature on January 15, 2035. Interest on the Notes is payable on January 15 and July 15 of each year, beginning on July 15,
2025.

Prior to the Par Call Date (as defined below),
we may redeem the Notes at our option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to the greater
of (i)(a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption
date (assuming the Notes matured on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months)
at the then current treasury rate plus 20 basis points, less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption, and (ii) 100% of the principal
amount of the Notes to be redeemed, and plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the amount being redeemed to, but
excluding, the date of redemption. In addition, we may, at our option, redeem the Notes on or after the Par Call Date, in whole or in
part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus
accrued and unpaid interest thereon, if any, to, but excluding, the date of redemption. "Par Call Date" means October 15, 2034
(three months prior to the maturity date).

If we experience specified change of control triggering
events with respect to the Notes, we must offer to repurchase the Notes at a price equal to 101% of the principal amount of the Notes
repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any.

The Indenture contains limited affirmative and
negative covenants of Micron, each of which is subject to a number of limitations and exceptions in the Indenture. The negative covenants
restrict our ability and certain of our subsidiaries to incur liens on Principal Property (as defined in the Indenture); to engage in
sale and lease-back transactions with respect to any Principal Property; and our ability to consolidate, merge or convey, transfer or
lease all or substantially all of our properties and assets.

Events of default under the Indenture include a
failure to make payments, non-performance of affirmative and negative covenants, and the occurrence of bankruptcy and insolvency-related
events. Our obligations may be accelerated upon an event of default, in which case the entire principal amount of the Notes would become
immediately due and payable.

We intend to use the net proceeds from the sale
of the Notes to pay the redemption price of the 2026 Notes (as defined below) and any remainder of the net proceeds for general corporate
purposes, which may include the repayment of other indebtedness.

The foregoing description of certain terms of the
Indenture does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Base Indenture, the Supplemental
Indenture, and the form of the Notes, which are filed with this report as Exhibits 4.1, 4.2 and 4.3 respectively.

Item 2.03. Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The information set forth under Item 1.01 of this
Current Report is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 8.01. Other Events.

Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, Professional
Corporation, counsel to Micron, has issued an opinion to Micron dated January 16, 2025 regarding the legality of the Notes. A copy of
the opinion is filed as Exhibit 5.1 hereto.

On January 13, 2025, we issued a notice to redeem
in full our outstanding 4.975% Senior Notes due 2026 (the "2026 Notes"). The redemption of the 2026 Notes will be effected pursuant
to the terms of the First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 6, 2019 (the "2026 Indenture"), that governs the 2026
Notes. We will redeem $500,000,000 in aggregate principal amount at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount thereof, plus a make-whole
premium determined pursuant to the terms of the 2026 Indenture, plus any accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, such redemption
date.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit 

No. Description

4.1 Indenture, dated February 6, 2019, by and between Micron Technology, Inc. and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association), as Trustee, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Microns Form 8-K filed on February 6, 2019

4.2 Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 16, 2025, by and between Micron Technology, Inc. and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee

4.3 Form of Note for Micron Technology, Inc.s 5.80% Senior Notes due 2035 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.2 hereto)

5.1 Opinion of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, Professional Corporation

23.1 Consent of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, Professional Corporation (included in Exhibit 5.1)

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURE

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: January
16, 2025 MICRON TECHNOLOGY, INC.

By: /s/
Mark Murphy

Name: Mark Murphy

Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm2425615d5_ex4-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.2

MICRON TECHNOLOGY, INC.

$1,000,000,000 5.80% SENIOR NOTES DUE 2035

NINTH
SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE

Dated as of January 16, 2025

To

INDENTURE

Dated as of February 6, 2019

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

Trustee

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ARTICLE 1. DEFINITIONS AND INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE 1

Section 1.1. Relationship with Base Indenture 1

Section 1.2. Definitions 2

ARTICLE 2. THE NOTES 10

Section 2.1. Form and Dating 10

Section 2.2. Transfer and Exchange 11

Section 2.3. Issuance of Additional Notes 15

Section 2.4. Execution and Authentication 15

ARTICLE 3. REDEMPTION AND PREPAYMENT 15

Section 3.1. Optional Redemption 15

ARTICLE 4. PARTICULAR COVENANTS 17

Section 4.1. Offer to Purchase Upon Change of Control Triggering Event 17

Section 4.2. Liens 19

Section 4.3. Sale and Lease Back Transactions 20

Section 4.4. Covenants 20

ARTICLE 5. SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE; DEFEASANCE 20

Section 5.1. Satisfaction and Discharge of Indenture 20

Section 5.2. Legal Defeasance of Securities 21

Section 5.3. Covenant Defeasance 21

ARTICLE 6. MISCELLANEOUS 21

Section 6.1. Trust Indenture Act Controls 21

Section 6.2. Governing Law 21

Section 6.3. Successors 21

Section 6.4. Severability 21

Section 6.5. Counterpart Originals 21

Section 6.6. Table of Contents, Headings, Etc. 22

Section 6.7. Waiver of Jury Trial 22

Section 6.8. Interpretation 22

Section 6.9. Instruction by Electronic Transmissions 22

Section 6.10. Notices 23

Section 6.11. Miscellaneous 23

Exhibit A FORM OF NOTE

NINTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE dated as of January 16,
2025 by and between Micron Technology, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and U.S. Bank Trust
Company, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee).

The
Company has heretofore executed and delivered to the Trustee (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association) an indenture,
dated as of February 6, 2019 (the Base Indenture), providing for the issuance from time to time
of one or more Series of the Companys Securities.

Section 9.1 of the Base Indenture provides
that the Company and the Trustee, without the consent of any holders of the Companys Securities, from time to time may amend or
supplement certain terms and conditions in the Base Indenture, including to provide for the issuance of and establishment of terms of
a Series of Securities as permitted by Sections 2.1 and 2.2 thereof.

The Company desires and has requested the Trustee
pursuant to Section 9.1 of the Base Indenture to join with it in the execution and delivery of this Supplemental Indenture (together
with the Base Indenture, the Indenture) in order to supplement the Base Indenture as, and to the extent set
forth herein, to provide for the issuance of and establish the forms and terms and conditions of the Notes (as defined below).

The execution and delivery of this Supplemental
Indenture has been duly authorized by votes of the Board of Directors or a duly authorized committee thereof.

All conditions and requirements necessary to make
this Supplemental Indenture a valid, binding and legal instrument in accordance with its terms have been performed and fulfilled by the
parties hereto and the execution and delivery thereof have been in all respects duly authorized by the parties hereto.

The Company and the Trustee agree as follows for
the benefit of each other and for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders (as defined herein) of the 5.80% Senior Notes due 2035:

ARTICLE 1.

DEFINITIONS AND INCORPORATION

BY REFERENCE

Section 1.1.Relationship
with Base Indenture.

The terms and provisions contained in the Base
Indenture will constitute, and are hereby expressly made, a part of this Supplemental Indenture and the Company and the Trustee, by their
execution and delivery of this Supplemental Indenture, expressly agree to such terms and provisions and to be bound thereby. However,
to the extent any provision of the Base Indenture conflicts with the express provisions of this Supplemental Indenture or the Notes, the
provisions of this Supplemental Indenture or the Notes, as applicable, will govern and be controlling.

The Trustee accepts the amendment of the Base Indenture
effected by this Supplemental Indenture and agrees to execute the trust created by the Base Indenture as hereby amended, but only upon
the terms and conditions set forth in this Supplemental Indenture, including the rights, privileges and immunities of the Trustee set
forth in the Base Indenture and the terms and provisions defining and limiting the liabilities and responsibilities of the Trustee in
the performance of the trust created by the Base Indenture, and without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Trustee will not
be responsible in any manner whatsoever for, or with respect to, any of the recitals or statements contained herein, all of which recitals
or statements are made solely by the Company, or for, or with respect to, (1) the proper authorization of this Supplemental Indenture
by the Company, (2) the due execution hereof by the Company or (3) the consequences (direct or indirect and whether deliberate
or inadvertent) of any amendment herein provided for, and the Trustee makes no representation with respect to any such matters.

Further, the Trustee shall not be responsible or
liable for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations under this Indenture arising out of or caused, directly or indirectly,
by circumstances beyond its reasonable control, including acts of God; earthquakes; fires; floods; wars; civil or military disturbances;
sabotage; epidemics; riots; interruptions, loss or malfunctions of utilities, computer (hardware or software) or communications service;
accidents; labor disputes; acts of civil or military authority or governmental actions; it being understood that the Trustee shall use
its best efforts to resume performance as soon as practicable under the circumstances.

Section 1.2.Definitions.

Capitalized terms used herein without definition
shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Base Indenture. The following terms have the meanings given to them in this Section 1.2:

Additional Notes means
any Notes (other than the Initial Notes) issued under this Supplemental Indenture in accordance with Section 2.3 hereof, as part
of the same Series as the Initial Notes.

Aggregate
Debt means the sum of the following as of the date of determination: (1) the then aggregate outstanding amount of
the Indebtedness of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries, without duplication, incurred after the Issue Date and secured by Liens
not otherwise permitted by Section 4.2(a) hereof; and (2) the then existing Attributable Debt of the Company and its Restricted
Subsidiaries in respect of Sale and Lease Back Transactions, without duplication, entered into after the Issue Date pursuant to the last
paragraph of Section 4.3 hereof; provided that any such Attributable Debt will be excluded from this clause (2) to the extent
that Indebtedness relating thereto is included in clause (1) of this definition, provided further, that in no event will the amount
of any Indebtedness be required to be included in the calculation of Aggregate Debt more than once despite the fact that more than one
person is liable with respect to such Indebtedness and despite the fact that such Indebtedness is secured by the assets of more than one
person (for example, and for avoidance of doubt, in the case where there are Liens on assets of one or more of the Company and its Restricted
Subsidiaries securing such Indebtedness, the amount of Indebtedness so secured shall only be included once in the calculation of Aggregate
Debt). Whenever a calculation is to be made with respect to creation or incurrence under revolving credit Indebtedness, such calculation
may, at the Companys election, be determined by treating the maximum committed amount of such revolving credit Indebtedness as
having been incurred on the date of such calculation, whether or not such amount has actually been drawn upon, and, if such election has
been made, (i) subsequent borrowings and reborrowings of such revolving credit Indebtedness (and related Liens), up to the maximum
committed amount, shall not be deemed additional incurrences of Indebtedness (and related Liens) requiring calculations of the amount
of Aggregate Debt (but subsequent borrowings in connection with increases in such maximum committed amount shall require calculations
under this definition, or shall otherwise comply with Section 4.2 hereof), and (ii) for purposes of subsequent calculations
under this definition, the maximum committed amount of such revolving credit Indebtedness on the date of any such calculation shall be
deemed to be outstanding throughout such period, whether or not such amount is actually outstanding. The Company may revoke an election
pursuant to this paragraph at any time, at which time the entire drawn outstanding amount of such revolving credit Indebtedness will be
deemed to be incurred and secured by any relevant Liens at such time.

2

Applicable Procedures
means, with respect to any transfer or exchange of or for beneficial interests in any Global Note, the rules and procedures established
by and customary for the Depositary that apply to such transfer or exchange.

Attributable
Debt means in connection with a Sale and Lease Back Transaction the lesser of: (1) the fair value of the assets
subject to such transaction, as determined in good faith by a Senior Officer of the Company; and (2) the present value of the minimum
rental payments called for during the terms of the lease (including any period for which such lease has been extended), determined in
accordance with GAAP, discounted at a rate that, at the inception of the lease, the lessee would have incurred to borrow over a similar
term the funds necessary to purchase the leased assets.

Base Indenture has
the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Supplemental Indenture, as it may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time
to time in accordance with the terms thereof.

Below
Investment Grade Rating Event means the rating on the Notes is lowered by two or more of the Rating Agencies within
60 days from the earlier of (1) the date of the first public notice of an arrangement that could result in a Change of Control or
(2) the occurrence of a Change of Control (which period shall be extended so long as the rating of the Notes is under publicly announced
consideration for possible downgrade by any of the Rating Agencies); provided, however, that a particular reduction in rating will not
be deemed to have occurred in respect of a particular Change of Control (and thus will not be deemed a Below Investment Grade Rating Event
for purposes of the definition of Change of Control Triggering Event) unless each of the Rating Agencies making the reduction in rating
to which this definition would otherwise apply announces or publicly confirms that the reduction was the result, in whole or in part,
of any event or circumstance comprised of or arising as a result of, or in respect of, the applicable Change of Control (whether or not
the applicable Change of Control has occurred at the time of the Below Investment Grade Rating Event); provided, further, that notwithstanding
the foregoing, a Below Investment Grade Rating Event shall not be deemed to have occurred so long as the Notes are rated Investment Grade
by two or more of the Rating Agencies.

Change of Control means:

(i)any
person or group (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act),
other than the Company, its Subsidiaries or any employee benefit plan of the Company or its Subsidiaries, files a Schedule 13D or
Schedule TO (or any successor schedule, form or report) pursuant to the Exchange Act disclosing that such person has become the
direct or indirect beneficial owner (as such term is used in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act) of more
than 50% of the Voting Stock of the Company, unless such beneficial ownership (a) arises solely as a result of a revocable proxy
delivered in response to a proxy or consent solicitation made pursuant to the applicable rules and regulations under the Exchange
Act, and (b) is not also then reportable on Schedule 13D (or any successor schedule) under the Exchange Act, except that for
the purpose of this clause (1) a person will be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all shares that such person has the right
to acquire irrespective of whether that right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time; provided, however, that a
transaction will not be deemed to involve a Change of Control under this clause (1) if (a) the Company becomes a direct or
indirect wholly owned subsidiary of a holding company, and (b)(i) the direct or indirect holders of the Voting Stock of such holding
company immediately following that transaction are substantially the same as the holders of the Companys Voting Stock immediately
prior to that transaction or (ii) immediately following that transaction no person or group(other than
a holding company satisfying the requirements of this sentence) is the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of
the Voting Stock of such holding company; or

3

(ii)the
Company sells, conveys, transfers or leases (either in one transaction or a series of related transactions) all or substantially all
assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole to, or merges or consolidates with, a person (other than the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries), other than any such merger or consolidation where the shares of the Companys Voting Stock outstanding immediately
prior to such transaction constitute, or are converted into or exchanged for, a majority of the Voting Stock of the surviving person
or parent entity thereof immediately after giving effect to such transaction; or

(iii)the
adoption of a plan relating to the Companys liquidation or dissolution.

Change of Control Triggering Event
means the occurrence of both a Change of Control and a Below Investment Grade Rating Event.

Consolidated
Net Tangible Assets means, with respect to any person, the total amount of assets of such person and its Consolidated
Subsidiaries after deducting therefrom (a) all current liabilities of such person and its Consolidated Subsidiaries (excluding (i) any
notes or loans payable within 12 months, the current portion of long-term debt, the current portion of deferred revenue and of obligations
under operating and finance leases, and the portion of any convertible debt classified as current despite having a stated
maturity more than 12 months from the date as of which the amount thereof is being computed and (ii) any liabilities which are by
their terms renewable or extendible at the option of the obligor thereon to a date more than 12 months from the date as of which the amount
thereof is being computed) and (b) all goodwill, trade names, trademarks, patents, unamortized debt discount and expense and any
other like intangibles of such person and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, all as set forth on the consolidated balance sheet of such person
for the most recently completed fiscal quarter for which financial statements have been filed with the SEC and computed in accordance
with GAAP.

Consolidated
Subsidiaries means, as of any date of determination and with respect to any person, those subsidiaries of that person whose
financial data is, in accordance with GAAP, reflected in that persons consolidated financial statements.

Definitive Note means
a certificated Note registered in the name of the Holder thereof and issued in accordance with Section 2.2 hereof, substantially
in the form of Exhibit A hereto, except that such Note will not bear the Global Note Legend.

Depositary means, with
respect to the Notes issuable or issued in whole or in part in global form, the person specified in Section 2.1 hereof as the Depositary
with respect to such Notes, and any and all successors thereto appointed as depositary hereunder.

Equity
Interests means all Capital Stock and all warrants or options with respect to, or other rights to purchase, Capital Stock,
but excluding Indebtedness convertible into or exchangeable for equity.

Fitch
means Fitch Ratings Inc. and any successor to its rating agency business.

Foreign
Subsidiary means, with respect to any person, any Subsidiary of such person other than one that is organized or existing
under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia.

Global Note Legend
means the legend set forth in Section 2.2(e) hereof, which is required to be placed on all Global Notes issued under this Supplemental
Indenture.

4

Global Notes means,
individually and collectively, each of the Global Notes, in the form of Exhibit A hereto, issued in accordance with Section 2.1
hereof.

Holder means a person
in whose name a Note is registered.

Indebtedness means
indebtedness for borrowed money. For the avoidance of doubt, Indebtedness with respect to any person only includes indebtedness for
the repayment of money borrowed provided to such person, and does not include any other kind of indebtedness or obligation notwithstanding
that such other indebtedness or obligation may be evidenced by a note, bond, debenture or other similar instrument, may be in the nature
of a financing transaction, or may be an obligation that under GAAP is classified as debt or another type of liability,
whether required to be reflected on the balance sheet of the obligor or otherwise.

The amount of any Indebtedness outstanding as of
any date will be:

(1)the
accreted value of the Indebtedness, in the case of any Indebtedness that does not require the current payment of interest;

(2)the
principal amount of the Indebtedness, in the case of any other Indebtedness; and

(3)in
respect of Indebtedness of another person secured by a Lien on the assets of the specified person, the lesser of: (a) the fair value
(as determined in good faith by a Senior Officer of the Company) of such assets at the date of determination; and (b) the principal
amount of the Indebtedness secured by such Lien.

In addition, accrual of interest and accretion
or amortization of original issue discount will not be deemed to be an incurrence of Indebtedness for any purpose under this Indenture.

Indenture means the
Base Indenture, as supplemented by this Supplemental Indenture, governing the Notes, in each case, as amended, supplemented or restated
from time to time.

Indirect Participant
means a person who holds a beneficial interest in a Global Note through a Participant.

Initial
Notes means the $1,000,000,000 aggregate principal amount of Notes issued under this Supplemental Indenture on the
date hereof.

Investment
Grade means a rating of BBB- or better by Fitch (or its equivalent under any successor rating categories of Fitch),
Baa3 or better by Moodys (or its equivalent under any successor rating categories of Moodys) and a rating of BBB- or better
by S&P (or its equivalent under any successor rating categories of S&P) or the equivalent investment grade credit rating from
any additional Rating Agency or Rating Agencies selected by the Company.

Issue
Date means the date hereof.

Joint Venture means,
with respect to any person, any partnership, corporation or other entity in which up to and including 50% of the Equity Interests is owned,
directly or indirectly, by such person and/or one or more of its Subsidiaries.

5

Lien means any lien,
security interest, mortgage, charge or similar encumbrance, provided, however, that in no event shall either (i) any legal or equitable
encumbrances deemed to exist by reason of a negative pledge or (ii) an operating lease or a non-exclusive license be deemed to constitute
a Lien.

Moodys
means Moodys Investors Service, Inc. and any successor to its rating agency business.

Nonrecourse Obligation
means Indebtedness substantially related to (i) the acquisition of assets not previously owned by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary
or (ii) the financing of a project involving the development or expansion of properties of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary,
as to which the obligee with respect to such Indebtedness has no recourse to the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary or any assets of
the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary other than the assets which were acquired with the proceeds of such transaction or the project
financed with the proceeds of such transaction (and the proceeds thereof).

Notes
means the Companys 5.80% Senior Notes due 2035; provided that the Initial Notes and the Additional Notes, if any, will be
treated as a single Series for all purposes under this Supplemental Indenture, and unless the context otherwise requires, all references
to the Notes will include the Initial Notes and any Additional Notes.

Par
Call Date means October 15, 2034.

Participant means,
with respect to the Depositary, a person who has an account with the Depositary.

Permitted Liens means:

(1) Liens existing as of the Issue Date or arising thereafter pursuant to related agreements existing as of
the Issue Date;

(2) Liens granted after the Issue Date created in favor of the Holders of the Notes;

(3) Liens on Principal Property or Liens on the Capital Stock of any Person formed to acquire or hold such
Principal Property given to secure all or any part of the payment of or financing of all or any part of the purchase price thereof, or
the cost of development, operation, construction, alteration, repair or improvement of all or any part thereof; provided that such Liens
shall be given (or given pursuant to firm commitment financing arrangements obtained within such period) by the time of or within 24 months
after the later of (i) the acquisition of such Principal Property and/or the completion of any such development, operation, construction,
alteration, repair or improvement, whichever is later and (ii) the placing into commercial operation of such Principal Property after
the acquisition or completion of any such development, operation, construction, alteration, repair or improvement;

(4) Liens existing on any Principal Property at the time of acquisition of such Principal Property or Liens
existing on shares of Capital Stock or assets of a person and its Subsidiaries prior to the time such person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary
(or arising thereafter pursuant to contractual commitments entered into prior to acquiring such Principal Property or such shares of Capital
Stock) (including acquisition through merger or consolidation) or at the time of such acquisition (or arising thereafter pursuant to contractual
commitments entered into prior to such person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary) by the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company; provided
that such Liens do not extend to (i) any Principal Property owned by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary or (ii) shares
of Capital Stock of any Restricted Subsidiary that, in each case, were not previously encumbered by such Liens;

6

(5) (a) Liens on the Equity Interests of any person, including any Joint Venture of the Company, and
its Subsidiaries which, when such Liens arise, concurrently becomes a Restricted Subsidiary and Liens on Principal Property of such person,
including any Joint Venture of the Company, and its Subsidiaries arising in connection with the purchase or acquisition thereof or of
an interest therein by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and (b) Liens on Equity Interests in any Joint Venture of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries, or in any Subsidiary of the Company that owns an Equity Interest in a Joint Venture of the Company to secure
Indebtedness contributed or advanced solely to that Joint Venture; provided that, in the case of each of the preceding clauses (a) and
(b), such Liens do not extend to other Principal Property owned by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary or shares of Capital Stock
of a Restricted Subsidiary that, in each case, were not previously encumbered by such Liens;

(6) Liens securing Indebtedness of up to 5.0% of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets of the Company to any strategic
partner of the Company and/or one or more of its Subsidiaries incurred in connection with joint technology efforts between such partner
and the Company and/or one or more of its Subsidiaries and/or the financing of manufacturing of products;

(7) Liens in favor of the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Company;

(8) Liens imposed by law, such as carriers, warehousemens and mechanics Liens and other
similar Liens arising in the ordinary course of business (including Liens incident in the ordinary course of the construction or maintenance
of Principal Property), and Liens in connection with legal proceedings;

(9) Liens for taxes, assessments or other governmental charges not yet overdue for a period of more than 30
days or subject to penalties for non-payment or which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings;

(10) Liens to secure the performance of bids, trade or commercial contracts, government contracts, purchase,
construction, sales and servicing contracts (including utility contracts), leases, statutory obligations, surety, stay, customs and appeal
bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature, in each case in the ordinary course of business, deposits as security
for contested taxes, import or customs duties, liabilities to insurance carriers or for the payment of rent, and Liens to secure letters
of credit, guarantees, bonds or other sureties given in connection with the foregoing obligations or in connection with workers
compensation, unemployment insurance or other types of social security or similar laws and regulations;

(11) Liens in favor of the United States or any state, territory or possession thereof (or the District of
Columbia), or any department, agency, instrumentality or political subdivision of the United States or any state, territory or possession
thereof (or the District of Columbia), to secure partial, progress, advance or other payments pursuant to any contract or statute or to
secure any Indebtedness incurred for the purpose of financing all or any part of the purchase price or the cost of constructing or improving
the property subject to such Liens;

(12) Liens created, incurred or assumed in connection with an industrial revenue bond, pollution control bond
or similar financing between the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and any federal, state or municipal government or other government
body or quasi-governmental agency;

7

(13) Liens created in connection with the acquisition of assets or a project financed with, and created to
secure a Nonrecourse Obligation; and

(14) any extension, renewal, substitution, reinstatement or replacement (or successive extensions, renewals,
substitutions, reinstatements or replacements), in whole or in part, of any Lien referred to in this or the preceding clauses (1) through
(13), and any Liens that secure an extension, renewal, reinstatement, replacement, refinancing or refunding (including any successive
extensions, renewals, reinstatements, replacements, refinancings or refundings) of any Indebtedness at any time prior to or within 12
months after the maturity, retirement or other repayment or prepayment of the Indebtedness (including any such repayment pursuant to amortization
obligations with respect to such Indebtedness) being extended, renewed, substituted, replaced, refinanced or refunded, which Indebtedness
is or was secured by a Lien referred to in this or the preceding clauses (1) through (13).

For the avoidance of doubt, the inclusion of specific Liens in the
definition of Permitted Liens shall not create any implication that the obligations secured by such Liens constitute Indebtedness.

Principal
Property means any single parcel (or group of contiguous parcels that comprise the same facility, office or plant)
of real property or any permanent improvement thereon (1) owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries located in the United States,
including its principal corporate office, any manufacturing facility or plant, any research and development facility or any portion thereof
and (2) having a net book value, as of the date of determination, in excess of 1% of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets of the Company.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) Principal Property does not include any property that the Board of Directors has determined not
to be of material importance to the business conducted by the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole and (ii) Principal Property
only includes personal property to the extent it becomes, and continues to be, a fixture within the meaning of Article 9
of the Uniform Commercial Code of the applicable real property.

Rating
Agency means (1) each of Fitch, Moodys and S&P; and (2) if any of Fitch, Moodys or S&P
ceases to rate the notes or fails to make a rating of the notes publicly available for reasons outside of the Companys control,
a nationally recognized statistical rating organization within the meaning of Section 3(a)(62) of the Exchange Act,
selected by the Company as a replacement agency for Fitch, Moodys or S&P, or all of them, as the case may be.

Remaining
Scheduled Payments means, with respect to any Notes being redeemed, the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled
payments of the principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming the Notes matured on the Par Call Date)
on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus 20 basis points.

Restricted Subsidiary
shall mean each Subsidiary of the Company (1) that is organized or existing under the laws of the United States, any state thereof
or the District of Columbia other than any such Subsidiary that is a direct or indirect Subsidiary of one or more Foreign Subsidiaries
of the Company, (2) that owns a Principal Property, and (3) at least 80% of the Voting Stock of which is owned by the Company
or one or more Subsidiaries of which at least 80% of the Voting Stock is owned directly or indirectly by the Company, provided that, for
purposes of the foregoing, any Voting Stock owned by a Subsidiary of the Company that is not a Restricted Subsidiary based on the foregoing
clause (3) shall be excluded.

S&P
means S&P Global Ratings, and any successor to its rating agency business.

8

Sale
and Lease Back Transaction means an arrangement with any lender or investor or to which such lender or investor
is a party providing for the leasing by the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company of any Principal Property that, more than 12 months
after the later of (i) the completion of the acquisition, construction, development or improvement of such Principal Property or
(ii) the placing in operation of such Principal Property or of such Principal Property as so constructed, developed or improved,
has been or is being sold, conveyed, transferred or otherwise disposed of by the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company to such lender
or investor or to any person to whom funds have been or are to be advanced by such lender on the security of such Principal Property.

Senior Officer of any
specified person means the chief executive officer, any president, any vice president, the chief financial officer, the treasurer, any
assistant treasurer, the secretary or any assistant secretary.

Subsidiary of a person
means a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other similar entity a majority of whose Voting Stock is owned by such
person or one or more Subsidiaries of such person or any combination thereof. Unless otherwise indicated, the term Subsidiary
refers to a Subsidiary of the Company.

Supplemental Indenture
means this Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of the date hereof, by and between the Company and the Trustee, governing the Notes,
as it may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the Base Indenture and the terms hereof.

Treasury
Rate means, with respect to any redemption date, the yield determined by the Company in the following manner:

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Company after
4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of
the Federal Reserve System), on the third Business Day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent
day that appear after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily) H.15 (or any successor designation or publication)
(H.15) under the caption U.S. government securities Treasury constant maturities Nominal
(or any successor caption or heading) (H.15 TCM). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Company shall select,
as applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date to the
Par Call Date (the Remaining Life); or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly
equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter
than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Life and shall
interpolate to the Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result
to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining
Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable
Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years,
as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the redemption date.

9

If on the third Business Day preceding the redemption date
H.15 TCM is no longer published, the Company shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent
yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second Business Day preceding such redemption date of the United States Treasury
security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security
maturing on the Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally distant from the
Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the Par Call Date, the Company
shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States
Treasury securities maturing on the Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding
sentence, the Company shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security
that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00
a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity
of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage
of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places.

Voting
Stock of a person means all classes of capital stock or other interests (including partnership interests) of such
person then outstanding and normally entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of directors,
managers or trustees thereof.

Other Definitions

Term Defined in

Section 

Change of Control Purchase Date 4.1 

Change of Control Purchase Price 4.1 

DTC 2.1 

Expiration Date 4.1 

Interest Payment Date Paragraph 1 of Exhibit A 

Offer to Purchase 4.1 

Second Change of Control Purchase Date 4.1 

ARTICLE 2.

THE NOTES

Section 2.1.Form and
Dating.

(a)General.
The Notes and the Trustees certificate of authentication with respect thereto will be substantially in the form of Exhibit A
hereto. The Notes may have notations, legends or endorsements required by law, stock exchange rule or usage. Each Note will be
dated the date of its authentication. The Notes will be in minimum denominations of $2,000 with integral multiples of $1,000 in excess
thereof.

The terms and provisions contained in the Notes
will constitute, and are hereby expressly made, a part of this Supplemental Indenture and the Company and the Trustee, by their execution
and delivery of this Supplemental Indenture, expressly agree to such terms and provisions and to be bound thereby. However, to the extent
any provision of any Note conflicts with the express provisions of the Indenture, the provisions of the Indenture will govern and be controlling.

10

(b)Global
Notes.

(1)Notes
issued in global form will be substantially in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto (including the Global Note Legend thereon).
Notes issued in definitive form will be substantially in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto (but without the Global Note
Legend thereon).

(2)Each
Global Note will represent such of the outstanding Notes as will be specified therein and each will provide that it will represent the
aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes from time to time endorsed thereon and that the aggregate principal amount of outstanding
Notes represented thereby may from time to time be reduced or increased, as appropriate, to reflect exchanges and redemptions. Any endorsement
of a Global Note to reflect the amount of any increase or decrease in the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes represented
thereby will be made by the Trustee or the Custodian, at the direction of the Trustee, in accordance with instructions given by the Holder
thereof as required by Section 2.2 hereof. The Company initially appoints The Depository Trust Company (DTC)
to act as Depositary with respect to the Global Notes.

Section 2.2.Transfer
and Exchange.

(a)Transfer
and Exchange of Global Notes. A Global Note may not be transferred as a whole except by the Depositary to a nominee of the Depositary,
by a nominee of the Depositary to the Depositary or to another nominee of the Depositary, or by the Depositary or any such nominee to
a successor Depositary or a nominee of such successor Depositary. All Global Notes will be exchanged by the Company for Definitive Notes
if:

(1)the
Company delivers to the Trustee notice from the Depositary that it is unwilling or unable to continue to act as Depositary or that it
is no longer a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act and, in either case, a successor Depositary is not appointed by the Company
within 90 days after the date of such notice from the Depositary;

(2)an
Event of Default has occurred and the Trustee has received a written request from DTC that the Global Notes (in whole but not in part)
should be exchanged for Definitive Notes; or

(3)the
Company in its sole discretion and subject to the procedures of the Depositary determines that the Global Notes (in whole but not in part)
should be exchanged for Definitive Notes and delivers a written notice to such effect to the Trustee.

Upon the occurrence of either of the preceding
events in (1), (2) or (3) above, Definitive Notes will be issued in such names and in any approved denominations as the Depositary
will instruct the Trustee. Global Notes also may be exchanged or replaced, in whole or in part, as provided in Sections 2.8 and 2.11
of the Base Indenture. Every Note authenticated and delivered in exchange for, or in lieu of, a Global Note or any portion thereof, pursuant
to this Section 2.2 (subject to any contrary provision in this Section 2.2(a)) or Sections 2.8 or 2.11 of the Base Indenture,
will be authenticated and delivered in the form of, and will be, a Global Note. A Global Note may not be exchanged for another Note other
than as provided in this Section 2.2(a); however, beneficial interests in a Global Note may be transferred and exchanged as provided
in Sections 2.2(b) or (f) hereof.

(b)Transfer
and Exchange of Beneficial Interests in the Global Notes. The transfer and exchange of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will
be effected through the Depositary, in accordance with the provisions of this Supplemental Indenture and the Applicable Procedures. Transfers
of beneficial interests in the Global Notes also will require compliance with either subparagraph (1) or (2) below, as applicable,
as well as one or more of the other following subparagraphs, as applicable:

11

(1)Transfer
of Beneficial Interests in the Same Global Note. Beneficial interests in any Global Note may be transferred to persons who take delivery
thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in a Global Note. No written orders or instructions will be required to be delivered to the
Registrar to effect the transfers described in this Section 2.2(b)(1).

(2)All
Other Transfers and Exchanges of Beneficial Interests in Global Notes. In connection with all transfers and exchanges of beneficial
interests that are not subject to Section 2.2(b)(1) above, the transferor of such beneficial interest must deliver to the Registrar:

(i)a
written order from a Participant or an Indirect Participant given to the Depositary in accordance with the Applicable Procedures directing
the Depositary to credit or cause to be credited a beneficial interest in another Global Note in an amount equal to the beneficial interest
to be transferred or exchanged; and

(ii)instructions
given in accordance with the Applicable Procedures containing information regarding the Participant account to be credited with such increase.

Upon satisfaction of all of the requirements for
transfer or exchange of beneficial interests in Global Notes contained in this Supplemental Indenture and the Notes, as evidenced by an
Officers Certificate delivered to the Trustee, the Trustee will adjust the principal amount of the relevant Global Note(s) pursuant
to Section 2.2(f) hereof.

(c)Transfer
and Exchange of Definitive Notes for Beneficial Interests.

A Holder of a Definitive Note may exchange such
Note for a beneficial interest in a Global Note or transfer such Definitive Notes to a person who takes delivery thereof in the form of
a beneficial interest in a Global Note at any time. Upon receipt of a request for such an exchange or transfer, the Trustee will cancel
the applicable Definitive Note and increase, or cause to be increased, the aggregate principal amount of one of the applicable Global
Notes.

If any such exchange or transfer from a Definitive
Note to a beneficial interest is effected pursuant to the previous paragraph at a time when a Global Note has not yet been issued, the
Company will issue and, upon receipt of a Company Order, the Trustee will authenticate one or more Global Notes in an aggregate principal
amount equal to the principal amount of Definitive Notes so transferred.

(d)Transfer
and Exchange of Definitive Notes for Definitive Notes. A Holder of Definitive Notes may transfer such Notes to a person who takes
delivery thereof in the form of a Definitive Note. Upon request by a Holder of Definitive Notes and such Holders compliance with
the provisions of this Section 2.2(d), the Registrar will register the transfer or exchange of Definitive Notes. Prior to such registration
of transfer or exchange, the requesting Holder will present or surrender to the Registrar the Definitive Notes duly endorsed or accompanied
by a written instruction of transfer in form satisfactory to the Registrar duly executed by such Holder or by his attorney, duly authorized
in writing. In addition, the requesting Holder will provide any additional required certifications, documents and information, as applicable.

(e)Legends.
The following legends will appear on the face of all Global Notes issued under this Supplemental Indenture unless specifically stated
otherwise in the applicable provisions of this Supplemental Indenture.

12

THIS GLOBAL NOTE IS HELD BY THE DEPOSITARY
(AS DEFINED IN THE SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO) OR ITS NOMINEE IN CUSTODY FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE BENEFICIAL OWNERS
HEREOF, AND IS NOT TRANSFERABLE TO ANY PERSON UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES EXCEPT THAT (I) THE TRUSTEE MAY MAKE SUCH NOTATIONS HEREON
AS MAY BE REQUIRED PURSUANT TO SECTION 2.2 OF THE SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, (II) THIS GLOBAL NOTE MAY BE EXCHANGED IN
WHOLE BUT NOT IN PART PURSUANT TO SECTION 2.2(a) OF THE SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, (III) THIS GLOBAL NOTE MAY BE
DELIVERED TO THE TRUSTEE FOR CANCELLATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 2.12 OF THE BASE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND (IV) THIS
GLOBAL NOTE MAY BE TRANSFERRED TO A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY WITH THE PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT OF THE COMPANY HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO.

THIS GLOBAL NOTE IS A GLOBAL NOTE WITHIN THE MEANING
OF THE SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF THE DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY.
THIS GLOBAL NOTE IS EXCHANGEABLE FOR NOTES REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A PERSON OTHER THAN THE DEPOSITARY OR ITS NOMINEE ONLY IN THE LIMITED
CIRCUMSTANCES DESCRIBED IN THE INDENTURE, AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS A WHOLE BY THE DEPOSITARY TO A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY,
BY A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY TO THE DEPOSITARY OR ANOTHER NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY OR BY THE DEPOSITARY OR ANY SUCH NOMINEE TO A SUCCESSOR
DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF SUCH A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY. UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY
TRUST COMPANY (570 WASHINGTON BOULEVARD, JERSEY CITY, NEW JERSEY) (DTC) TO THE COMPANY OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION
OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR SUCH OTHER NAME AS MAY BE
REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS MAY BE REQUESTED
BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL
INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.

(f)Cancellation
and/or Adjustment of Global Notes. At such time as all beneficial interests in a particular Global Note have been exchanged for Definitive
Notes or a particular Global Note has been redeemed, repurchased or canceled in whole and not in part, each such Global Note will be returned
to or retained and canceled by the Trustee in accordance with Section 2.12 of the Base Indenture. At any time prior to such cancellation,
if any beneficial interest in a Global Note is exchanged for or transferred to a person who will take delivery thereof in the form of
a beneficial interest in another Global Note, the principal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note will be reduced accordingly
and an endorsement will be made on such Global Note by the Trustee or by the Depositary at the direction of the Trustee to reflect such
reduction; and if the beneficial interest is being exchanged for or transferred to a person who will take delivery thereof in the form
of a beneficial interest in another Global Note, such other Global Note will be increased accordingly and an endorsement will be made
on such Global Note by the Trustee or by the Depositary at the direction of the Trustee to reflect such increase.

(g)General
Provisions Relating to Transfers and Exchanges.

(1)To
permit registrations of transfers and exchanges, the Company will execute and the Trustee will authenticate Global Notes and Definitive
Notes upon the receipt of a Company Order.

13

(2)No
service charge will be made to a holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note or to a Holder of a Definitive Note for any registration
of transfer or exchange, but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any transfer tax or similar governmental charge
payable in connection therewith (other than any such transfer taxes or similar governmental charge payable upon exchange or transfer pursuant
to Section 2.11, Section 3.6 and Section 9.6 of the Base Indenture).

(3)The
Registrar will not be required to register the transfer of or exchange any Note selected for redemption in whole or in part, except the
unredeemed portion of any Note being redeemed in part.

(4)All
Global Notes and Definitive Notes issued upon any registration of transfer or exchange of Global Notes or Definitive Notes will be the
valid obligations of the Company, evidencing the same debt and entitled to the same benefits under this Supplemental Indenture, as the
Global Notes or Definitive Notes surrendered upon such registration of transfer or exchange.

(5)If
the Company elects to redeem or make an Offer to Purchase, neither the Company nor the Trustee will be required to:

(i)issue,
register the transfer of or exchange any Notes during a period beginning at the opening of business 15 days before the Company sends the
notice of redemption under Section 3.3 of the Base Indenture or makes an Offer to Purchase and ending at the close of business on
the day the notice is sent or the Offer to Purchase is made;

(ii)register
the transfer of or to exchange any Note so selected for redemption or subject to purchase in such Offer to Purchase in whole or in part,
except the unredeemed portion of any Note being redeemed or purchased in part; or

(iii)in
the case of a redemption or a purchase date pursuant to an Offer to Purchase occurring after a regular record date but on or before the
corresponding Interest Payment Date, register the transfer of or exchange a Note on or after the regular record date and before the date
of redemption or purchase.

(6)Prior
to due presentment for the registration of a transfer of any Note, the Trustee, any Agent and the Company may deem and treat the person
in whose name any Note is registered as the absolute owner of such Note for the purpose of receiving payment of principal of and (subject
to the record date provisions hereof) interest on such Notes and for all other purposes, and none of the Trustee, any Agent or the Company
will be affected by notice to the contrary.

(7)The
Trustee will authenticate Global Notes and Definitive Notes in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.3 of the Base Indenture.

(8)[Reserved].

(9)Any
Officers Certificate or Opinion of Counsel required to be submitted to the Registrar pursuant to this Section 2.2 to effect
a registration of transfer or exchange may be submitted by facsimile.

(10)The
Trustee shall have no obligation or duty to monitor, determine or inquire as to compliance with any restrictions on transfer imposed under
this Supplemental Indenture or under applicable law with respect to any transfer of any interest in any Note other than to require delivery
of such certificates and other documentation or evidence as are expressly required by, and to do so if and when expressly required by
the terms of, this Supplemental Indenture, and to examine the same to determine substantial compliance as to form with the express requirements
hereof.

14

(11)Neither
the Trustee nor any Agent shall have any responsibility for any actions taken or not taken by the Depositary.

Section 2.3.Issuance
of Additional Notes.

(a)The
Company will be entitled, upon delivery of a Company Order, Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, to issue Additional
Notes under this Supplemental Indenture which will have identical terms as the Initial Notes issued on the date hereof, other than with
respect to the date of issuance and issue price and, if applicable, the first Interest Payment Date and the initial interest accrual date.
The Initial Notes issued on the date hereof and any Additional Notes issued will be treated as a single Series for all purposes under
this Supplemental Indenture.

(b)With
respect to any Additional Notes, the Company will set forth in the Company Order, the following information:

(i)the
aggregate principal amount of such Additional Notes to be authenticated and delivered pursuant to this Supplemental Indenture; and

(ii)the
issue price, the issue date, the CUSIP number(s), the first Interest Payment Date and the initial interest accrual date of such Additional
Notes.

(c)For
the avoidance of doubt, the issuance of Additional Notes pursuant to this Section 2.3 is subject to Section 2.3 of the Base
Indenture.

(d)Any
Additional Notes issued pursuant to this Section 2.3 shall only bear the same CUSIP number as any existing Notes if they would be
fungible for United States tax purposes with such existing Notes.

Section 2.4.Execution
and Authentication.

At least one Officer shall execute the Notes on
behalf of the Company by manual, electronic or facsimile signature.

ARTICLE 3.

REDEMPTION AND PREPAYMENT

Section 3.1.Optional
Redemption.

(a)Prior
to the Par Call Date, the Company may redeem the Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption
price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of:

(i)the
Remaining Scheduled Payments of such Notes to be redeemed, less interest accrued to the date of redemption; and

15

(ii)100%
of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed

plus,
in each case, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the amount being redeemed to, but excluding, the date of redemption.

On or after the Par Call Date, the Company may,
at its option, redeem any Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal
amount of the Notes redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon, if any, to, but excluding, the date of redemption.

In
connection with any redemption of the Notes, calculation of the redemption price therefor shall be made by the Company or on the Companys
behalf by such person as the Company shall designate; provided, however, that such calculation shall not be a duty or obligation
of the Trustee or any Agent. Notwithstanding Section 3.3 of the Base Indenture, the notice of any redemption of the Notes pursuant
to that Section in respect of a redemption date occurring prior to the maturity date of the Notes need not set forth the redemption
price but only the manner of calculation thereof. Notice of any redemption will be mailed or electronically delivered (or otherwise transmitted
in accordance with the Depositarys procedures) at least 10 calendar days but not more than 60 calendar days prior to the
redemption date to each Holder of the Notes to be redeemed (with a copy to the Trustee). Any redemption or notice of redemption may, at
the Companys discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent.

Unless the Company defaults in payment of the redemption
price, on and after the redemption date, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes or portions thereof called for redemption.

In the case of a partial redemption of the Notes,
selection of the Notes for redemption will be made pro rata, by lot or by such other method as the Trustee deems fair and appropriate
(provided that if the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes, the Notes shall be selected for redemption by the Depositary
in accordance with its standard procedures therefor) and may provide for the selection for redemption of a portion of the principal amount
of the Notes equal to an authorized denomination.

No Notes of a principal amount of $2,000 or less
will be redeemed in part. Notes in denominations larger than $2,000 may be redeemed in part but only in whole multiples of $1,000, unless
all of the Notes held by a Holder are to be redeemed. If any Note is to be redeemed in part only, the notice of redemption that relates
to such Note will state the portion of the principal amount of the Note to be redeemed. A new Note in a principal amount equal to the
unredeemed portion of the Note will be issued in the name of the Holder of the Note upon surrender for cancellation of the original Note.
For so long as the Notes are held by the Depositary, the redemption of the Notes shall be done in accordance with the policies and procedures
of the Depositary.

Section 3.2.Mandatory
Redemption.

The Company is not required to make any mandatory
redemption or sinking fund payments with respect to the Notes.

16

ARTICLE 4.

PARTICULAR COVENANTS

Section 4.1.Offer
to Purchase Upon Change of Control Triggering Event.

(a)If
a Change of Control Triggering Event occurs, unless the Company has exercised its option to redeem all Notes in full pursuant to Section 3.1
or has defeased the Notes or satisfied and discharged the Notes, the Company shall be required to make an offer (an Offer
to Purchase) to each Holder of the Notes to purchase all or any part (equal to $2,000 and in integral multiples of $1,000
in excess thereof) of that Holders Notes pursuant to the offer set forth below. In an Offer to Purchase, the Company shall be required
to offer payment in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but
excluding, the date of purchase of such Notes (a Change of Control Purchase Price). Not later than 60 days
following any Change of Control Triggering Event, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered (or if the Notes are represented
by one or more Global Notes, transmitted in accordance with the Depositarys standard procedures therefor) a notice to Holders of
the Notes describing the transaction that constitutes or may constitute the Change of Control Triggering Event and offering to purchase
such Notes on the date specified in the notice, which date shall be no earlier than 30 days and no later than 60 days after the date such
notice is delivered or transmitted (a Expiration Date) and a settlement date for purchase (a Change
of Control Purchase Date) for such Offer to Purchase of not more than five Business Days after the Expiration Date. The
notice shall also contain instructions and materials necessary to enable Holders to tender Notes pursuant to the offer. The notice shall,
if delivered or transmitted prior to the date of consummation of the Change of Control, state that the offer to purchase is conditioned
on the Change of Control Triggering Event occurring on or prior to the Change of Control Purchase Date.

(b)Such
notice shall also state:

(1)that
the Offer to Purchase is being made pursuant to this Section 4.1 and that all Notes or portion of such Notes validly tendered and
not withdrawn will be accepted for payment;

(2)the
Change of Control Purchase Price and the Change of Control Purchase Date;

(3)that
any Note not tendered will continue to accrue interest;

(4)that
any Note accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer to Purchase shall cease to accrue interest after the Change of Control Purchase Date
unless the Company shall default in the payment of the Change of Control Purchase Price of the Notes and the only remaining right of the
Holder is to receive payment of the Change of Control Purchase Price upon surrender of the Notes to the Paying Agent;

(5)that
Holders electing to have a portion of a Note purchased pursuant to an Offer to Purchase may only elect to have such Note purchased in
a minimum principal amount of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof; provided that the unrepurchased portion
of a Note must be in a minimum principal amount of $2,000;

(6)that
if a Holder elects to have a Note purchased pursuant to the Offer to Purchase such Holder will be required to surrender such Note, with
the form entitled Option of Holder to Elect Purchase on the reverse of such Note completed, or transfer by book-entry transfer,
to the Paying Agent at the address specified in the notice prior to the close of business on the third Business Day prior to the Change
of Control Purchase Date, or, in the case of Global Notes, in accordance with the Applicable Procedures;

(7)that
a Holder will be entitled to withdraw its election if the Company receives, not later than the close of business on the Expiration Date,
a facsimile transmission or letter setting forth the name of such Holder, the principal amount of Notes such Holder delivered for purchase,
and a statement that such Holder is withdrawing its election to have such Note purchased; and

(8)that
if Notes are purchased only in part by the Company, a new Note of the same type will be issued in principal amount equal to the unpurchased
portion of the Notes surrendered.

17

(c)On
the Change of Control Purchase Date, the Company shall, to the extent lawful:

(1)accept
for payment all Notes or portions of such Notes properly tendered pursuant to the Offer to Purchase;

(2)deposit
with the Paying Agent an amount equal to the Change of Control Purchase Price in respect of all Notes or portions of such Notes properly
tendered; and

(3)deliver
or cause to be delivered to the Trustee the Notes properly accepted together with an Officers Certificate stating the aggregate
principal amount of such Notes or portions of such Notes being repurchased.

(d)On
the Change of Control Purchase Date the Change of Control Purchase Price will become due and payable on each Note accepted for purchase
pursuant to the Offer to Purchase, and, unless the Company defaults in the payment of the Change of Control Purchase Price, interest on
Notes purchased will cease to accrue on and after the Change of Control Purchase Date.

(e)The
Company shall not be required to make an Offer to Purchase upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Triggering Event with respect to
Notes if (i) a third party makes such an offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for
an offer made by the Company and the third party purchases all Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn under its offer or (ii) the
Company has sent a notice of redemption pursuant to Section 3.1 of this Supplemental Indenture.

(f)The
Company shall comply with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the Exchange Act and all other applicable laws and regulations thereunder
to the extent such securities laws and regulations are applicable in connection with the repurchase of the Notes as a result of a Change
of Control Triggering Event. To the extent that the provisions of any such securities laws or regulations conflict with the provisions
under this Section 4.1, the Company shall comply with such securities laws and regulations and shall not be deemed to have breached
its obligations under this Section 4.1 or the Notes by virtue of any such conflict.

(g)Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein this Section 4.1, an Offer to Purchase may be made in advance of a Change of Control Triggering Event,
conditional upon the applicable Change of Control, if a definitive agreement is in place for the Change of Control at the time of making
of such Offer to Purchase.

(h)No
Notes of $2,000 or less can be repurchased in part pursuant to this Section 4.1. Notes in denominations larger than $2,000 may be
repurchased in part but only in whole multiples of $1,000, unless all of the Notes held by a Holder are to be repurchased.

(i)If
Holders of not less than 90% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes validly tender and do not withdraw such Notes in an
Offer to Purchase and the Company, or any third party approved in writing by the Company making an Offer to Purchase in lieu of the Company
pursuant to Section 4.1(e) above, purchases all of the Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn by such Holders, the Company
or such third party will have the right, upon not less than 10 nor more than 60 days prior notice, given not more than 30 days
following such purchase pursuant to the Offer to Purchase, to redeem (with respect to the Company) or purchase (with respect to a third
party) all Notes that remain outstanding following such purchase on a date (the Second Change of Control Purchase Date)
at a purchase price equal to 101% of the principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the Second
Change of Control Purchase Date.

18

Section 4.2.Liens.

(a)The
Company will not, and will not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, to create or incur any Lien, except Permitted Liens, on any
Principal Property owned by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary or on any shares of Capital Stock of any Restricted Subsidiary, whether
now owned or hereafter acquired, in order to secure any Indebtedness, without effectively providing that the Notes then outstanding (together
with, if the Company so determines, any other Indebtedness of the Company or a Subsidiary then existing or thereafter created ranking
equally with the Notes) shall be substantially concurrently equally and ratably secured (or, at the Companys option, secured prior
thereto), until such time as such Indebtedness is no longer secured by such Lien.

(b)Notwithstanding
Section 4.2(a) above, the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary of the Company may, without equally and ratably securing the
Notes then outstanding, create or incur Liens which would otherwise be subject to the restrictions set forth in the preceding paragraph,
if after giving effect thereto, Aggregate Debt does not exceed an amount equal to the greater of (a) $5.6 billion, and (b) 15%
of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets of the Company immediately preceding the date of the creation or incurrence of the Lien. The Company
or any Restricted Subsidiary of the Company also may, without equally and ratably securing the Notes, create or incur Liens that extend,
renew, substitute, reinstate or replace (including successive extensions, renewals, substitutions, reinstatements or replacements), in
whole or in part, any Lien permitted pursuant to this or the preceding sentence and any Liens that secure any extension, renewal, replacement,
reinstatement, refinancing or refunding (including any successive extensions, renewals, replacements, reinstatements, refinancings or
refundings) of any Indebtedness at any time prior to or within 12 months after the maturity, retirement or other repayment or prepayment
of the Indebtedness (including any such repayment pursuant to amortization obligations with respect to such Indebtedness) being extended,
renewed, substituted, replaced, refinanced or refunded, which Indebtedness is or was secured by a Lien permitted pursuant to Section 4.2(a) above
or this Section 4.2(b).

(c)For
purposes of this Section 4.2, (i) the creation of a Lien to secure Indebtedness which existed prior to the creation of such
Lien will be deemed to involve Indebtedness in an amount equal to the lesser of (x) the fair value (as determined in good faith by
a Senior Officer of the Company) of the asset subjected to such Lien and (y) the principal amount secured by such Lien, and (ii) in
the event that a Lien meets the criteria of more than one of the types of Permitted Liens or Liens permitted by the preceding paragraph,
the Company, in its sole discretion, will classify, and may reclassify, such Lien and only be required to include the amount and type
of such Lien as a Permitted Lien or a Lien permitted by Section 4.2(b) above, and a Lien may be divided and classified and reclassified
into more than one of such types of Liens. In addition, for purposes of calculating compliance with the foregoing covenant, in no event
will the amount of any Indebtedness or Liens securing any Indebtedness be required to be included more than once despite the fact more
than one person is or becomes liable with respect to such Indebtedness and despite the fact such Indebtedness is secured by the assets
of more than one person (for example, and for avoidance of doubt, in the case where there are Liens on assets of one or more of the Company
and its Restricted Subsidiaries securing any Indebtedness, the amount of such Indebtedness secured shall only be included once for purposes
of such calculations).

(d)Any
Lien created for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes pursuant to Section 4.2(a) above may provide by its terms that such
Lien shall be automatically and unconditionally released and discharged upon the release and discharge of the Lien that gave rise to the
obligation to secure the Notes.

19

Section 4.3.Sale
and Lease Back Transactions.

The Company will not, and will not permit any of
its Restricted Subsidiaries, to enter into any Sale and Lease Back Transaction with respect to any Principal Property owned by the Company
or any Restricted Subsidiary, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, unless:

(a)such
transaction was entered into prior to the Issue Date;

(b)such
transaction was for the sale and leasing back to the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary by the Company or any Subsidiary of any Principal
Property;

(c)such
transaction involves a lease of a Principal Property executed by the time of or within 24 months after the later of (i) the acquisition
or the completion of any such development, operation, construction, alteration, repair or improvement of such property, assets or equipment
or (ii) the placing into commercial operation of such Principal Property after the acquisition or completion of any such development,
operation, construction, alteration, repair or improvement;

(d)such
transaction involves a lease for not more than three years (or which may be terminated by the Company or the applicable Restricted Subsidiary
within a period of not more than three years);

(e)the
Company or the applicable Restricted Subsidiary would be entitled to incur Indebtedness secured by a Lien on the property to be leased
in an amount equal to Attributable Debt with respect to such Sale and Lease Back Transaction without equally and ratably securing the
Notes pursuant to Section 4.2(a) above; or

(f)the
Company or the applicable Restricted Subsidiary applies an amount equal to the net proceeds from the sale of the Principal Property to
the purchase of other Principal Property or to the retirement, repurchase or other repayment or prepayment of Indebtedness within 365
calendar days before or after the effective date of any such Sale and Lease Back Transaction; provided that in lieu of applying such amount
to such retirement, repurchase, repayment or prepayment, the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary may deliver Notes to the Trustee for
cancellation, such Notes to be credited at the cost thereof to the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company and
its Restricted Subsidiaries may enter into any Sale and Lease Back Transaction which would otherwise be subject to the foregoing restrictions
if after giving effect thereto and at the time of determination, Aggregate Debt does not exceed an amount equal to the greater of (a) $5.6
billion, and (b) 15% of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets of the Company immediately preceding the closing date of the Sale and Lease
Back Transaction.

Section 4.4.Covenants.

The covenants set forth in Sections 4.2 and
4.3 above are and are intended solely for the benefit of the Notes.

ARTICLE 5.

SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE; DEFEASANCE

Section 5.1.Satisfaction
and Discharge of Indenture.

The Company may satisfy and discharge the Notes
in accordance with and subject to the terms of Section 8.1 of the Base Indenture.

20

Section 5.2.Legal
Defeasance of Securities.

Section 8.3 of the Base Indenture shall be
applicable to the Notes.

Section 5.3.Covenant
Defeasance.

In addition to the covenants specified in Section 8.4
of the Base Indenture, the Company may omit to comply with any term, provision or condition set forth in Section 4.1, Section 4.2
and Section 4.3 of this Supplemental Indenture by complying with the requirements of Section 8.4 of the Base Indenture.

ARTICLE 6.

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 6.1.Trust
Indenture Act Controls.

If any provision of this Supplemental Indenture
limits, qualifies or conflicts with another provision which is required or deemed to be included in this Supplemental Indenture by the
TIA, such required or deemed provision shall control.

Section 6.2.Governing
Law.

THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE AND THE NOTES SHALL
BE GOVERNED BY THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

Section 6.3.Successors.

All agreements of the Company in this Supplemental
Indenture and the Notes shall bind its successors. All agreements of the Trustee in this Supplemental Indenture shall bind its successors.

Section 6.4.Severability.

In case any provision in this Supplemental Indenture
or in the Notes shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall
not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

Section 6.5.Counterpart
Originals.

This Supplemental Indenture may be executed in
any number of counterparts and by the parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an
original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. The words execution, signed,
signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Supplemental Indenture or any document
to be signed in connection with this Supplemental Indenture shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, deliveries or the keeping
of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature,
physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, and the parties hereto consent to conduct
the transactions contemplated hereunder by electronic means.

21

All notices, approvals, consents, requests and
any communications hereunder must be in writing (provided that any such communication sent to the Trustee hereunder must be in the form
of a document that is signed manually or by way of a digital signature provided by DocuSign or Adobe Sign (or such other digital signature
provider as specified in writing to Trustee by the authorized representative)) or by way of an electronic signature provided in another
manner acceptable to Trustee, in English. The Company agrees to assume all risks arising out of the use of using digital signatures,
electronic signatures and electronic methods to submit communications to the Trustee, including without limitation the risk of the Trustee
acting on unauthorized instructions, and the risk of interception and misuse by third parties.

Section 6.6.Table
of Contents, Headings, Etc.

The Table of Contents and headings of the Articles
and Sections of this Supplemental Indenture have been inserted for convenience of reference only, are not to be considered a part
of this Supplemental Indenture and will in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions hereof.

Section 6.7.Waiver
of Jury Trial.

The Company, the Trustee and the Holders (by their
acceptance of the Notes) each hereby irrevocably waive, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial
by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Indenture, the Notes or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby.

Section 6.8.Interpretation.

The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally
to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine,
feminine and neuter forms. The words include, includes and including shall be deemed to be followed
by the phrase without limitation. The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as
the word shall. Unless the context requires otherwise (a) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument
or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended,
supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein), (b) any
reference herein to any person shall be construed to include such persons successors and assigns, (c) the words herein,
hereof and hereunder, and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Supplemental Indenture
in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (d) all references herein to Articles, Sections and Exhibits shall
be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits to, this Supplemental Indenture and (e) the words asset
and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible
assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights.

Section 6.9.Instruction
by Electronic Transmissions.

In addition to the foregoing, the Trustee agrees
to accept and act upon notice, instructions or directions pursuant to this Indenture sent by unsecured e-mail, facsimile transmission
or other similar unsecured electronic methods. If the party elects to give the Trustee e-mail or facsimile instructions (or instructions
by a similar electronic method) and the Trustee in its discretion elects to act upon such instructions, the Trustees understanding
of such instructions shall be deemed controlling. The Trustee shall not be liable for any losses, costs or expenses arising directly or
indirectly from the Trustees reliance upon and compliance with such instructions notwithstanding such instructions conflict or
are inconsistent with a subsequent written instruction. The party providing electronic instructions agrees to assume all risks arising
out of the use of such electronic methods to submit instructions and directions to the Trustee, including without limitation the risk
of the Trustee acting on unauthorized instructions, and the risk or interception and misuse by third parties.

22

Section 6.10.Notices.

The address of the Trustee set forth in Section 10.2
of the Base Indenture is amended as follows:

If to the Trustee:

U.S.
Bank Trust Company, National Association

West Side Flats St Paul

60 Livingston Avenue

EP-MN-S3IV

Saint Paul, MN 55107

ATTN: Richard Krupske (Micron Technology, Inc.
Notes).

Section 6.11.Miscellaneous.

In no event shall the Trustee be responsible or
liable for special, indirect or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever (including, but not limited to, loss of profit) irrespective
of whether the Trustee has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action.

None of the Companys past, present or future
directors, officers, employees or stockholders, as such, will have any liability for any of the Companys obligations under the
Notes or the Indenture or for any claim based on, or in respect or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. By accepting a Note,
each Holder waives and releases all such liability. This waiver and release is part of the consideration for the issue of the Notes.

[Signatures on following page]

23

SIGNATURES

Dated as of January 16, 2025

MICRON TECHNOLOGY, INC.

By /s/ Greg Routin

Name: Greg Routin

Title: Vice President and Treasurer

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION, as Trustee

By /s/ Richard Krupske

Name: Richard Krupske

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to Supplemental
Indenture]

EXHIBIT A

(Face of Note)

THIS GLOBAL NOTE IS HELD BY THE DEPOSITARY (AS
DEFINED IN THE SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO GOVERNING THIS NOTE) OR ITS NOMINEE IN CUSTODY FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE BENEFICIAL
OWNERS HEREOF, AND IS NOT TRANSFERABLE TO ANY PERSON UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES EXCEPT THAT (I) THE TRUSTEE MAY MAKE SUCH NOTATIONS
HEREON AS MAY BE REQUIRED PURSUANT TO SECTION 2.2 OF THE SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, (II) THIS GLOBAL NOTE MAY BE EXCHANGED
IN WHOLE BUT NOT IN PART PURSUANT TO SECTION 2.2(a) OF THE SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, (III) THIS GLOBAL NOTE MAY BE
DELIVERED TO THE TRUSTEE FOR CANCELLATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 2.12 OF THE BASE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND (IV) THIS
GLOBAL NOTE MAY BE TRANSFERRED TO A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY WITH THE PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT OF THE COMPANY HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO.

THIS GLOBAL NOTE IS A GLOBAL NOTE WITHIN THE MEANING
OF THE SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF THE DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY.
THIS GLOBAL NOTE IS EXCHANGEABLE FOR NOTES REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A PERSON OTHER THAN THE DEPOSITARY OR ITS NOMINEE ONLY IN THE LIMITED
CIRCUMSTANCES DESCRIBED IN THE INDENTURE, AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS A WHOLE BY THE DEPOSITARY TO A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY,
BY A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY TO THE DEPOSITARY OR ANOTHER NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY OR BY THE DEPOSITARY OR ANY SUCH NOMINEE TO A SUCCESSOR
DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF SUCH A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY. UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY
TRUST COMPANY (570 WASHINGTON BOULEVARD, JERSEY CITY, NEW JERSEY) (DTC) TO THE COMPANY OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION
OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR SUCH OTHER NAME AS MAY BE
REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS MAY BE REQUESTED
BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL
INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.

CUSIP:[_______]

ISIN:[_______]

MICRON TECHNOLOGY, INC.

5.80%
Senior Note due 2035

No. [_____] $__________

(as revised by the Schedule of Increases and

Decreases in Global Note attached hereto)

Micron Technology, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation, promises to pay to CEDE & CO. or registered assigns, the principal sum of $[ ] (as revised by the Schedule
of Increases and Decreases in Global Note attached hereto) on January 15, 2035.

Interest Payment Dates: January 15 and July 15

Record Dates: January 1 and July 1

A-1

Date: 

MICRON TECHNOLOGY, INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

A-2

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION

This is one of the Notes referred to in the within-mentioned Supplemental
Indenture:

Dated:

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION as Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signatory 

A-3

(Back of Note)

MICRON TECHNOLOGY, INC.

5.80% Senior Note due 2035

Capitalized terms used herein have the meanings
assigned to them in the Indenture referred to below unless otherwise indicated.

1.INTEREST.
Micron Technology, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), promises to pay interest on the principal
amount of this Note at 5.80% per annum. The Company will pay interest semi-annually on January 15 and July 15 of each year,
commencing July 15, 2025, or if any such day is not a Business Day, on the next succeeding Business Day as if made on the date such
payment was due, and no additional interest will accrue on the amount so payable for that period (each an Interest Payment
Date). Interest on the 2035 Notes will accrue from the most recent date to which interest has been paid or provided for
or, if no interest has been paid or provided for, from January 16, 2025; provided that if there is no existing Default in
the payment of interest, and if this Note is authenticated between a record date referred to on the face hereof and the next succeeding
Interest Payment Date, interest will accrue from such next succeeding Interest Payment Date. The Company will pay interest (including
post-petition interest in any proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law to the extent allowable) on overdue principal at the rate equal to the
then applicable interest rate on the Notes to the extent lawful; it will pay interest (including post-petition interest in any proceeding
under any Bankruptcy Law to the extent allowable) on overdue installments of interest at the same rate to the extent lawful. Interest
will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months.

2.METHOD
OF PAYMENT. The Company will pay interest on the Notes (except defaulted interest) to the persons who are registered Holders of Notes
at the close of business on the January 1 and July 1 (whether or not a Business Day) next preceding the Interest Payment Date,
even if such Notes are canceled after such record date and on or before such Interest Payment Date, except as provided in Section 2.13
of the Base Indenture with respect to defaulted interest. Principal and interest on the Notes will be made by (a) check mailed to
the Holders of the Notes at their respective addresses set forth in the register of Holders of Notes or (b) with respect to a Holder
with an aggregate principal amount in excess of $5,000,000, by wire transfer in immediately available funds to the place and account designated
in writing at least 15 days prior to the Interest Payment Date by the person entitled to the payment as specified in the security register;
provided that payment by wire transfer of immediately available funds will be required with respect to principal of and interest
on all Global Securities and all other Notes the Holders of which will have provided wire transfer instructions to the Company or the
Paying Agent at least 15 calendar days prior to the applicable payment date. Such payment will be in such coin or currency of the United
States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts.

3.PAYING
AGENT AND REGISTRAR. Initially, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, the Trustee under the Indenture, will act as Paying
Agent and Registrar. The Company may change any Paying Agent or Registrar without notice to any Holder. The Company or any of its Subsidiaries
may act in any such capacity.

A-4

4.INDENTURE.
This Note is one of a duly authenticated Series of Securities of the Company issued and to be issued in one or more Series under
an indenture (the Base Indenture), dated as of February 6, 2019, between the Company and the Trustee
(as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association), as amended by the Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 16,
2025, between the Company and the Trustee (the Supplemental Indenture and, together with the Base Indenture,
the Indenture). The terms of the Notes include those stated in the Indenture and those made part of the Indenture
by reference to the TIA. The Notes are subject to all such terms, and Holders are referred to the Indenture and, to the extent applicable,
the TIA for a statement of such terms. To the extent any provision of this Note conflicts with the express provisions of the Indenture,
the provisions of the Indenture will govern and be controlling, and to the extent any provision of the Base Indenture conflicts with the
express provisions of the Supplemental Indenture, the provisions of the Supplemental Indenture will govern and be controlling. The Company
will be entitled to issue Additional Notes pursuant to Section 2.3 of the Supplemental Indenture.

5.OPTIONAL
REDEMPTION. The Notes are redeemable prior to the maturity date as provided in the Indenture. In the event of redemption of this Note
in part only, a new Note or Notes in an authorized denomination for the unredeemed portion hereof will be issued in the name of the Holder
hereof upon the cancellation hereof.

6.MANDATORY
REDEMPTION. The Company is not required to make any mandatory redemption or sinking fund payments with respect to the Notes.

7.OFFER
TO PURCHASE UPON CHANGE OF CONTROL TRIGGERING EVENT. If a Change of Control Triggering Event with respect to the Notes occurs, the
Company may be required to make an offer to purchase the Notes in the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture.

8.DENOMINATIONS,
TRANSFER, EXCHANGE. The Notes are in registered form without coupons in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of
$1,000 in excess thereof. Notes may be transferred or exchanged as provided in the Indenture. The Registrar and the Trustee may require
a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and the Company or the Trustee may require a
Holder to pay any taxes and fees required by law or permitted by the Indenture. The Company need not exchange or transfer any Note or
portion of a Note selected for redemption, except for the unredeemed portion of any Note being redeemed in part. Also, neither the Trustee
nor the Company need exchange or register the transfer of any Notes for a period of 15 days before the day of any selection of Notes to
be redeemed or during the period between a record date and the corresponding Interest Payment Date.

9.PERSONS
DEEMED OWNERS. Subject to the record date provisions hereof, the registered Holder of a Note shall be treated as its owner for all
purposes.

10.AMENDMENT,
SUPPLEMENT AND WAIVER. Subject to certain exceptions, the Indenture or the Notes may be amended or supplemented with the consent of
the Holders of at least a majority in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding, including, without limitation, consents obtained
in connection with a tender offer or exchange offer for the Notes, and any existing default or compliance with any provision of the Indenture
or the Notes, may be waived with the consent of the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the then outstanding Notes, including,
without limitation, consents obtained in connection with a tender offer or exchange offer for the Notes. The Indenture or the Notes may
be amended or supplemented without the consent of any Holder of a Note as described in the Indenture.

11.DEFAULTS
AND REMEDIES. If an Event of Default with respect to the Notes shall occur and be continuing, the principal of, and any accrued and
unpaid interest on, the outstanding Notes may be declared due and payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture.

A-5

12.TRUSTEE
DEALINGS WITH COMPANY. The Trustee, in its individual or any other capacity, may become the owner or pledgee of the Notes and may
otherwise deal with the Company or an Affiliate of the Company with the same rights it would have if it were not Trustee.

13.NO
RECOURSE AGAINST OTHERS. None of the Companys past, present or future directors, officers, employees or stockholders, as such,
will have any liability for any of the Companys obligations under the Notes or the Indenture or for any claim based on, or in respect
or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. By accepting a Note, each Holder waives and releases all such liability. This waiver
and release is part of the consideration for the issue of the Notes.

14.AUTHENTICATION.
This Note will not be valid until authenticated by the manual signature of the Trustee or an authenticating agent.

15.ABBREVIATIONS.
Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Holder or an assignee, such as: TEN COM (= tenants in common), TEN ENT (= tenants
by the entireties), JT TEN (= joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (= Custodian), and U/G/M/A
(= Uniform Gifts to Minors Act).

16.CUSIP
NUMBERS. The Company has caused CUSIP numbers to be printed on the Notes and the Trustee shall use CUSIP numbers in notices of redemption
as a convenience to Holders. No representation is made as to the correctness of such numbers either as printed on the Notes or as contained
in any notice of redemption and reliance may be placed only on the other elements of identification printed on the Notes, and any such
redemption shall not be affected by any defect in or omission of such numbers. The Company will furnish to any Holder upon written request
and without charge a copy of the Base Indenture and the Supplemental Indenture.

Requests may be made to:

Micron Technology, Inc.

8000 South Federal Way

Boise, Idaho 83716-9632

Attention: Chief Legal Officer

A-6

SCHEDULE OF INCREASES AND DECREASES IN GLOBAL
NOTE

The following increases or decreases in this Note
have been made:

Date of decrease or

increase Amount of decrease in

principal amount of

this Note Amount of increase in

principal amount of this

Note Principal amount of this

Note following such

decrease or increase Signature of authorized

signatory of Trustee or

Security Custodian

A-7

ASSIGNMENT FORM

To assign this Note, fill in the form below:

(I) or (we) assign and transfer

this Note to:

(Insert assignees legal name)

(Insert assignees soc. sec. or tax I.D.
no.)

(Print or type assignees name, address and
zip code)

and irrevocably appoint _____________________________________________
to transfer this Note on the books of the Company. The agent may substitute another to act for him.

Date: _______________

Your Signature: 

(sign exactly as your name appears
on the face of this Note)

Tax Identification No: 

Signature Guarantee: 

Signatures must be guaranteed by an eligible
guarantor institution meeting the requirements of the Registrar, which requirements include membership or participation in the
Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program (STAMP) or such other signature guarantee program
as may be determined by the Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended.

A-8

OPTION OF HOLDER TO ELECT PURCHASE

If you want to elect to have this Note purchased
by the Company pursuant to Section 4.1 of the Supplemental Indenture, check the box below:

Section 4.1

If you want to elect to have only part of the Note
purchased by the Company pursuant to Section 4.1 of the Supplemental Indenture, state the amount you elect to have purchased ($2,000
or integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof; provided that the unrepurchased portion of a Note must be in a minimum principal amount
of $2,000): $________________

Date: _______________

Your Signature: 

(sign exactly as your name appears
on the face of this Note)

Tax Identification No: 

Signature Guarantee: 

Signatures
must be guaranteed by an eligible guarantor institution meeting the requirements of the Registrar, which requirements include
membership or participation in the Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program (STAMP) or such other
signature guarantee program as may be determined by the Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in
accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm2425615d5_ex5-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 5.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 5.1

Wilson
Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati

Professional Corporation

650
Page Mill Road

Palo Alto, California 94304-1050

o:
650.493.9300

f: 650.493.6811

January 16, 2025

Micron Technology, Inc.

8000 South Federal Way

Boise, Idaho 83716-9632

Re: Registration Statement on Form S-3

Ladies and Gentlemen:

We
have acted as counsel to Micron Technology, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), in connection with the filing
by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) on November 2, 2023 of a registration statement
on Form S-3 (the Registration Statement), under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act), that
is automatically effective under the Act pursuant to Rule 462(e) promulgated thereunder. The Registration Statement relates
to, among other things, the proposed issuance and sale, from time to time, by the Company of debt securities, with an indeterminate
amount as may at various times be issued at indeterminate prices, in reliance on Rule 456(b) and Rule 457(r) under
the Act.

Pursuant
to the Registration Statement, the Company issued $1,000,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 5.80% Senior Notes due 2035 (the
Notes), which have been sold pursuant to that certain Underwriting Agreement (the Underwriting Agreement),
dated as of January 13, 2025, among the Company, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, BNP Paribas Securities Corp., J.P. Morgan Securities
LLC and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC as representatives of the other several underwriters named in Schedule I thereto.

The
Notes have been issued in the form set forth in the Indenture, dated as of February 6, 2019 (the Base Indenture), between
the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association), as trustee
(the Trustee) and, as supplemented by that certain Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 16, 2025
(together with the Base Indenture, the Indenture), between the Company and the Trustee.

We
have examined the Registration Statement, together with the exhibits thereto and the documents incorporated by reference therein; the
prospectus, dated November 2, 2023, together with the documents incorporated by reference therein, filed with the Registration Statement
(the Prospectus); the preliminary prospectus supplement, dated January 13, 2025, in the form filed with the
Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act relating to the offering of the Notes; the free writing prospectus,
dated January 13, 2025, in the form filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 433 of the Securities Act; the final prospectus
supplement, dated January 13, 2025, in the form filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act
relating to the offering of the Notes (collectively with the Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement); the Indenture and the
Notes. In addition, we have examined originals or copies, certified or otherwise identified to our satisfaction, of such documents, corporate
records, certificates of public officials and other instruments as we have deemed necessary or advisable for the purpose of rendering
this opinion.

austin
beijing boston BOULDER brussels hong kong london los angeles new york palo alto

SALT LAKE CITY san diego san francisco seattle shanghai washington, dc wilmington, de

Micron Technology, Inc.

January 16,
2025

Page 2

In our examination, we have
assumed: (i) the authenticity of original documents and the genuineness of all signatures; (ii) the conformity to the originals
of all documents submitted to us as copies; (iii) the truth, accuracy and completeness of the information, representations and warranties
contained in the instruments, documents, certificates and records we have reviewed; (iv) the Underwriting Agreement has been duly
authorized and validly executed and delivered by the parties thereto (other than by the Company); (v) the legal capacity of all natural
persons and (vi) that the Trustee has the power, corporate or other, to enter into and perform its obligations under the Indenture
and that the Indenture will be a valid and binding obligation on the Trustee. As to any facts material to the opinions expressed herein
that were not independently established or verified, we have relied upon oral or written statements and representations of officers and
other representatives of the Company.

We express no opinion herein
as to the laws of any jurisdiction, other than the Federal laws of the United States of America, the laws of the State of New York, and
the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, as such are in effect on the date hereof, and we have made no inquiry into, and
we express no opinion as to, the statutes, regulations, treaties, common laws or other laws of any other nation, state or jurisdiction.

We express no opinion as to
(i) the effect of any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, arrangement, fraudulent conveyance, moratorium or other similar laws
relating to or affecting the rights of creditors generally, (ii) rights to indemnification and contribution which may be limited
by applicable law or equitable principles, or (iii) the effect of general principles of equity, including, without limitation, concepts
of materiality, reasonableness, good faith and fair dealing, the effect of judicial discretion and the possible unavailability of specific
performance, injunctive relief or other equitable relief, and the limitations on rights of acceleration, whether considered in a proceeding
in equity or at law.

Based on such examination
and in reliance thereon and having regard for legal considerations which we deem relevant, and subject to the limitations and qualifications
set forth herein, we are of the opinion that the Notes have been validly issued and constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company,
enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms, and entitled to the benefits of the Indenture.

Micron Technology, Inc.

January 16,
2025

Page 3

We hereby consent to the filing
of this opinion as an exhibit to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K and to the use of our name wherever it appears in
the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement, and in any amendment or supplement thereto. In giving such consent,
we do not believe that we are experts within the meaning of such term as used in the Act or the rules and regulations
of the Commission issued thereunder with respect to any part of the Registration Statement, including this opinion as an exhibit or otherwise.

Sincerely,

/s/ Wilson Sonsini Goodrich &
Rosati, P.C.

WILSON SONSINI GOODRICH &
ROSATI Professional Corporation
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>mu-20250113.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>mu-20250113_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>mu-20250113_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>tm2425615d5_8kimg01.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>tm2425615d5_ex5-1img02.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>tm2425615d5_ex5-1img03.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 13, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 13, 2025

Entity File Number 1-10658

Entity Registrant Name Micron
Technology, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0000723125

Entity Tax Identification Number 75-1618004

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 8000
South Federal Way

Entity Address, City or Town Boise

Entity Address, State or Province ID

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 83716-9632

City Area Code 208

Local Phone Number 368-4000

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, par value $0.10 per share

Trading Symbol MU

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://micron.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

mu-20250113.xsd 
mu-20250113_lab.xml 
mu-20250113_pre.xml 
tm2425615d5_8k.htm 

tm2425615d5_8kimg01.jpg 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-004100-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>tm2425615d5_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000723125 

2025-01-13 
2025-01-13 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0000723125 
8-K 
2025-01-13 
Micron Technology, Inc. 
DE 
1-10658 
75-1618004 
8000 South Federal Way 
Boise 
ID 
83716-9632 
208 
368-4000 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.10 per share 
MU 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>