<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-010996.txt : 20250206
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-010996.hdr.sgml : 20250206
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250206172143
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-010996
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250131
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250206
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250206

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Stellar V Capital Corp. (Cayman Islands)
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002033593
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				981796213
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42496
		FILM NUMBER:		25598465

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		230 PARK AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1540
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10169
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 661-7566

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		230 PARK AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1540
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10169
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0230152-8k_stellar5.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000203359300020335932025-01-312025-01-310002033593SVCC:ClassOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember2025-01-312025-01-310002033593SVCC:WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneClassOrdinaryShareAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember2025-01-312025-01-310002033593SVCC:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShareAndOnehalfOfOneRedeemableWarrantMember2025-01-312025-01-31iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

United States

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

Form 8-K

Current Report

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

January 31, 2025

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported)

Stellar V Capital Corp.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

Cayman Islands 001-42496 86-2887484

(State or other jurisdiction 

of incorporation) 

(Commission File Number)

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

230 Park Avenue, Suite 1540

New York, NY 10169

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: (212) 661-7566

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share SVCC The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share SVCCW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant SVCCU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
(17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 8.01. Other Events.

On January 31, 2025, Stellar V Capital Corp. (the
Company) consummated its initial public offering (IPO), which consisted of 15,00,000 units (the
Units). The Units were sold at a price of $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of $150,000,000.
Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share, par value $0.0001 per share (the Class A Ordinary Shares), of the
Company, and one-half of one redeemable warrant (each, a Warrant) of the Company, with each whole Warrant entitling
the holder thereof to purchase one Class A Ordinary Share for $11.50 per share.

Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, pursuant
to the Private Placement Units Purchase Agreements, the Company completed the private placement (the Private Placement)
of an aggregate of 555,000 units (the Private Placement Units) to the Sponsor and BTIG, LLC, the representative of
the underwriters, at $10.00 per Unit, each Unit consisting of one Class A Ordinary Share and one-half of one redeemable Warrant, each
whole Warrant exercisable to purchase one Class A Ordinary Share of the Company. Of those 555,000 Private Placement Units, the Sponsor
purchased 365,000 Private Placement Units and BTIG, LLC purchased 190,000 Private Placement Units.

A total of $151,050,000,
comprised of the proceeds from the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Units (which amount includes $5,250,000 of the underwriters
deferred discount), was placed in a U.S.-based trust account maintained by Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, acting as trustee.

An audited balance sheet
as of January 31, 2025 reflecting the receipt of the proceeds from the IPO and the Private Placement has been issued by the Company and
is included as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

The following exhibits are being filed herewith:

Exhibit No. Description

99.1 Audited Balance Sheet as of January 31, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

1

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Dated: February 6, 2025

Stellar V Capital Corp.

By: /s/ Prokopios (Akis) Tsirigakis

Name: Prokopios (Akis) Tsirigakis

Title: Co-Chief Executive Officer

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023015201ex99-1_stellar5.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AUDITED BALANCE SHEET AS OF JANUARY 31, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

STELLAR V CAPITAL CORP.

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

Financial Statement of Stellar V Capital Corp.: Page

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-2

Balance Sheet as of January 31, 2025 F-3

Notes to Financial Statement F-4

F-1

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of

Stellar V Capital Corp.:

Opinion
on the Financial Statement

We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of
Stellar V Capital Corp. (the "Company") as of January 31, 2025, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial
statement"). In our opinion, the financial statement presents fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company
as of January 31, 2025, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Basis
for Opinion

This financial statement is the responsibility of
the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statement based on our audit. We are
a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required
to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statement
is free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entitys internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statement, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to
those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statement.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statement. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/ WithumSmith+Brown, PC

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2024.

New York, New York

February 6, 2025

F-2

STELLAR V CAPITAL CORP.

BALANCE SHEET

JANUARY 31, 2025

Assets 

Current assets 

Cash $ 813,909 

Due from Sponsor 25,000 

Prepaid expenses 103,517 

Total current assets 942,426 

Cash held in Trust Account 151,050,000 

Total Assets $ 151,992,426 

Liabilities, Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption, and Shareholders Deficit 

Current liabilities 

Accrued offering costs $ 75,000 

Accrued expenses 18,994 

Over-allotment option liability 221,454 

Total current liabilities 315,448 

Deferred underwriting fee 5,250,000 

Total Liabilities 5,565,448 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, 15,000,000 shares at redemption value of $10.07 per share 151,050,000 

Shareholders Deficit 

Preference shares, $0.0001 par value; 1,000,000 shares authorized; none issued or outstanding 

Class A ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value; 489,000,000 shares authorized; 555,000 shares issued and outstanding (excluding 15,000,000 shares subject to possible redemption) 56 

Class B ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value; 10,000,000 shares authorized; 6,059,925 shares issued and outstanding 606 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit (4,623,684 )

Total Shareholders Deficit (4,623,022 )

Total Liabilities, Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption, and Shareholders Deficit $ 151,992,426 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statement.

F-3

STELLAR V CAPITAL CORP.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

JANUARY 31, 2025

NOTE 1. DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS

Stellar V Capital Corp.
(the Company) is a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company on July 12, 2024. The Company
was incorporated for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business
combination with one or more businesses that the Company has not yet identified (Business Combination). The Company may
pursue an acquisition opportunity in any industry or geographic location.

As of January 31, 2025, the
Company had not yet commenced operations. All activity for the period from July 12, 2024 (inception) through January 31, 2025 relates
to the Companys formation and the initial public offering (the Initial Public Offering), which is described below.
The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial Business Combination, at the earliest.
The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income from the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering.
The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end.

The registration statement
for the Companys Initial Public Offering was declared effective on January 29, 2025. On January 31, 2025, the Company consummated
the Initial Public Offering of 15,000,000 units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in
the Units being offered, the Public Shares) at $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $150,000,000, which is described
in Note 3. Each Unit consists of one Class A Ordinary Share, par value $0.0001 per share, and one-half of one redeemable warrant (the
Public Warrants), each whole Public Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Class A Ordinary Share at an exercise
price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment.

Simultaneously with the closing
of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of 555,000 units (the Private Placement Units) at a price
of $10.00 per Private Placement Unit, in a private placement to the Companys sponsor, Stellar V Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company (Sponsor), and BTIG, LLC (BTIG), the representative of the underwriters, generating gross
proceeds of $5,550,000, which is described in Note 4. Each Private Placement Unit consists of one Class A Ordinary Share, par value $0.0001
per share, and one-half of one warrant (the Private Placement Warrants), each whole Private Placement Warrant entitling
the holder thereof to purchase one Class A Ordinary Share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. Of those 555,000
Private Placement Units, the Sponsor purchased 365,000 private units and BTIG purchased 190,000 private units.

Transaction costs amounted
to $8,782,919, consisting of $3,000,000 of cash underwriting fee, $5,250,000 of deferred underwriting fee, and $532,919 of other offering
costs.

The Companys management
has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of its Initial Public Offering and the sale of Private
Placement Units, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination.
The Companys initial Business Combination must be with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal
to at least 80% of the net assets held in the Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding any deferred underwriters fees and taxes payable,
other than any or similar excise tax that may be due or payable, on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time the Company signs
a definitive agreement in connection with the initial Business Combination.

However, the Company will only
complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the
target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company
under the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination.

Following the closing of the
Initial Public Offering, on January 31, 2025, an amount of $151,050,000 ($10.07 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units,
and a portion of the net proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Units, was placed in the trust account (the Trust Account),
with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee. The funds will be held in cash, including in demand deposit
accounts at a bank, or invested in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of
the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7
promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by the
Company, until the earlier of (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as
described below.

The Company will provide its
holders of the Public Shares (the Public Shareholders) with the opportunity to redeem, regardless of whether they abstain,
vote for, or against, a Business Combination, all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either
(i) the completion of the initial Business Combination, (ii) the redemption of the public shares if the Company is unable to
complete the initial Business Combination within the completion window, subject to applicable law, or (iii) the redemption of the
public shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the
substance or timing of the obligation to allow redemption in connection with the initial Business Combination or to redeem 100% of the
public shares if the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination within the completion window or (B) with respect
to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity.

F-4

STELLAR V CAPITAL CORP.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

JANUARY 31, 2025

NOTE 1. DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS
OPERATIONS (cont.)

All of the Public Shares contain
a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such Public Shares in connection with the liquidation, if there is a shareholder
vote or tender offer in connection with the initial Business Combination and in connection with certain amendments to the Amended and
Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association). In accordance
with U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and its guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been
codified in Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 480,
Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity (ASC 480), paragraph 10-S99, redemption provisions not solely
within the control of a company require ordinary shares subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. Accordingly,
all of the Public Shares were presented as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders deficit section of the Companys
balance sheet. Given that the Public Shares were issued with other freestanding instruments (i.e., public warrants), the initial carrying
value of Class A ordinary shares classified as temporary equity were the allocated proceeds determined in accordance with FASB ASC
Topic 470-20, Debt with Conversion and Other Options. The resulting discount to the initial carrying value of temporary
equity was accreted upon closing the Initial Public Offering such that the carrying value was equal to the redemption value on such date.
The accretion or remeasurement was recognized as a reduction to retained earnings, or in absence of retained earnings, additional paid-in
capital). Accretion associated with the redeemable Class A ordinary shares was excluded from earnings per share as the redemption
value approximates fair value. The Public Shares are redeemable and are classified as such on the balance sheet until such date that a
redemption event takes place.

Additionally, each Public Shareholder
may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. If the Company seeks
shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the holders of the Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5) prior to
this Initial Public Offering (the Initial Shareholders) will agree to vote their Founder Shares in favor of a Business Combination.
In addition, the Initial Shareholders will agree to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and Public Shares
in connection with the completion of a Business Combination. In addition, the Company has agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement
regarding an initial Business Combination without the prior consent of the Sponsor.

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provide that a Public Shareholder, together with any affiliate
of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under
Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act)), are restricted
from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15% or more of the Class A ordinary shares sold in the Initial
Public Offering, without the prior consent of the Company.

The Sponsor, executive officers,
directors and director nominees have agreed, pursuant to a letter agreement, that they will not propose any amendment to the amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to redeem
100% of the public shares if the Company does not complete the initial Business Combination within the completion window or (B) with
respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity, unless the
Company provides the public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares upon approval of any such amendment
at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on
the funds held in the Trust Account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable, but without deduction for any excise or similar tax
that may be due or payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares.

F-5

STELLAR V CAPITAL CORP.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

JANUARY 31, 2025

NOTE 1. DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS
OPERATIONS (cont.)

If the Company is unable to
complete a Business Combination within 21 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering or during any extended time that the
Company has to consummate a Business Combination beyond 21 months as a result of a shareholder vote to amend the Amended and Restated
Memorandum and Articles of Association (the completion window), the Company will but not more than ten business days
thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust
Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable, but without deduction
for any excise or similar tax that may be due or payable, and up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the
number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders
(including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any) subject to the Companys obligations under Cayman Islands
law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements of applicable law. In such event, the warrants
will expire and be worthless.

In connection with the redemption
of 100% of the Companys outstanding Public Shares for a portion of the funds held in the Trust Account, each holder will receive
a full pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account, plus any pro rata interest earned on the fund held in the Trust
Account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable, but without deduction for any excise or similar tax that may be due or payable,
and up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses).

The Initial Shareholders will
agree to waive their liquidation rights with respect to the Founder Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within
the Combination Period. However, if the Initial Shareholders should acquire Public Shares in or after the Initial Public Offering, they
will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such Public Shares if the Company fails to complete
a Business Combination within the Combination Period. The underwriters will agree to waive their rights to their deferred underwriting
commission (see Note 6) held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination
Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption
of the Companys Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the residual assets
remaining available for distribution (including Trust Account assets) will be only $10.07 per share initially held in the Trust Account.
In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to the Company if and to the
extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which
the Company has entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or Business Combination agreement,
reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) $10.07 per Public Share and (ii) the actual amount
per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than $10.07 per share due to
reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, other than any excise or similar tax that may be due or payable; provided
that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all
rights to the monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under the Companys
indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the Securities Act). In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party,
the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility
that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have vendors, service providers
(except the Companys independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which
the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies
held in the Trust Account.

F-6

STELLAR V CAPITAL CORP.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

JANUARY 31, 2025

NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Basis of presentation

The accompanying financial
statement is presented in U.S. dollars in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S.
GAAP) and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

The Companys liquidity
needs up to January 31, 2025 had been satisfied through the loan under an unsecured promissory note from the Sponsor of up to $300,000
(see Note 5). At January 31, 2025, the Company had cash of $813,909 and working capital of $626,978.

In order to fund working capital
deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor, members of the Companys founding
team or any of their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (Working Capital Loans).
If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay such loaned amounts at that time. Up to $1,500,000 of such Working
Capital Loans may be converted into units of the post-Business Combination entity at a price of $10.00 per unit. The units would be identical
to the Private Placement Units. As of January 31, 2025, the Company had no borrowings under the Working Capital Loans.

In connection with the Companys
assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2014-15, Disclosures
of Uncertainties about an Entitys Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, the Company does not believe it will need to raise
additional funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating its business. However, if the estimate of the costs of identifying
a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a Business Combination are less than the actual amount necessary
to do so, the Company may have insufficient funds available to operate its business prior to the initial Business Combination. Management
has determined that the Company has access to funds from the Sponsor to finance the working capital needs of the Company within one year
from the date of issuance of the financial statements.

Emerging growth company

The Company is an emerging
growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012
(the JOBS Act), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable
to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the
auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation
in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive
compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.

Further, Section 102(b)(1)
of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until
private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class
of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS
Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging
growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period
which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company,
as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard.
This may make comparison of the Companys financial statement with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company
nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential
differences in accounting standards used.

F-7

STELLAR V CAPITAL CORP.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

JANUARY 31, 2025

NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
(cont.)

Use of estimates

The preparation of the financial
statement in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statement.

Making estimates requires management
to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation or set
of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statement, which management considered in formulating its estimate, could change
in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual results could differ significantly from those estimates.

Cash and cash equivalents

The Company considers all short-term
investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The Company had $813,909 in cash
and no cash equivalents as of January 31, 2025.

Cash held in Trust Account

As of January 31, 2025, the
assets held in the Trust Account, amounting to $151,050,000, were held in cash.

Concentration of credit risk

Financial instruments that
potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of a cash account in a financial institution, which, at times,
may exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation coverage limit of $250,000. Any loss incurred or a lack of access to such funds could
have a significant adverse impact on the Companys financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.

Fair value measurements

The fair value of the Companys
assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements, approximates the
carrying amounts represented in the balance sheet, primarily due to their short-term nature.

Fair value is defined as the
price that would be received for sale of an asset or paid for transfer of a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants
at the measurement date. U.S. GAAP establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair
value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1
measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). These tiers include:

Level 1, defined as observable inputs such as quoted prices
(unadjusted) for identical instruments in active markets;

Level 2, defined as inputs other than quoted prices in
active markets that are either directly or indirectly observable such as quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets or quoted
prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active; and

Level 3, defined as unobservable inputs in which little
or no market data exists, therefore requiring an entity to develop its own assumptions, such as valuations derived from valuation techniques
in which one or more significant inputs or significant value drivers are unobservable.

In some circumstances, the
inputs used to measure fair value might be categorized within different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In those instances, the fair
value measurement is categorized in its entirety in the fair value hierarchy based on the lowest level input that is significant to the
fair value measurement.

Derivative financial instruments

The Company evaluates its financial
instruments to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives in accordance with
ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging. For derivative financial instruments that are accounted for as liabilities, the
derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair value on the grant date and is then re-valued at each reporting date, with changes
in the fair value reported in the statement of operations. The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments
should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is evaluated at the end of each reporting period. Derivative liabilities are classified
in the balance sheet as current or non-current based on whether or not net cash settlement or conversion of the instrument could be required
within 12 months of the balance sheet date. The underwriters over-allotment option is deemed to be a freestanding financial instrument
indexed on the contingently redeemable shares and is accounted for as a liability pursuant to ASC 480 since the underwriters did not exercise
their overallotment option at the closing of Initial Public Offering.

F-8

STELLAR V CAPITAL CORP.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

JANUARY 31, 2025

NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
(cont.)

Offering costs

The Company complies with the
requirements of the ASC 340-10-S99 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A, Expenses of Offering. Offering
costs consist principally of professional and registration fees that are related to the Initial Public Offering. FASB ASC 470-20,
Debt with Conversion and Other Options, addresses the allocation of proceeds from the issuance of convertible debt into
its equity and debt components. The Company applies this guidance to allocate Initial Public Offering proceeds from the Units between
Class A ordinary shares and warrants, using the residual method by allocating Initial Public Offering proceeds first to assigned
value of the warrants and then to the Class A ordinary shares. Offering costs allocated to the Public Shares were charged to temporary
equity, and offering costs allocated to the Public Warrants and Private Placement Units were charged to shareholders' deficit as the Public
and Private Placement Warrants, after management's evaluation, were accounted for under equity treatment.

Income taxes

The Company complies with the
accounting and reporting requirements of ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes, which prescribes a recognition threshold and
a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax
return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities.
The Companys management determined that the Cayman Islands is the Companys only major tax jurisdiction. The Company recognizes
accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. As of January 31, 2025, there were no unrecognized
tax benefits and no amounts accrued for interest and penalties. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could
result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position.

There is currently no taxation
imposed on income by the government of the Cayman Islands. In accordance with Cayman Islands federal income tax regulations, income taxes
are not levied on the Company. Consequently, income taxes are not reflected in the Companys financial statement. The Companys
management does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months.

Warrant instruments

The Company accounted for the
Public and Private Placement Warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering and the private placement in accordance with
guidance contained in FASB ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging. Accordingly, the Company evaluated and classified the
warrant instruments under equity treatment at their assigned values.

Class A shares subject to possible
redemption

The Company accounted for the
Public and Private Placement Warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering and the private placement in accordance with
guidance contained in FASB ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging. Accordingly, the Company evaluated and classified the
warrant instruments under equity treatment at their assigned values.

F-9

STELLAR V CAPITAL CORP.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

JANUARY 31, 2025

NOTE 2.
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont.)

The public shares contain a
redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such public shares in connection with the Companys liquidation, or if there
is a shareholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Companys initial Business Combination. In accordance with ASC 480-10-S99,
the Company classifies public shares subject to possible redemption outside of permanent equity as the redemption provisions are not solely
within the control of the Company. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as it occurs and will adjust the carrying
value of redeemable shares to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Immediately upon the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, the Company recognized the accretion from initial book value to redemption amount value. The change in the carrying value
of redeemable shares will result in charges against additional paid-in capital (to the extent available) and accumulated deficit. Accordingly,
as of January 31, 2025, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity,
outside of the shareholders deficit section of the Companys balance sheet. As of January 31, 2025, the Class A ordinary
shares subject to possible redemption reflected in the balance sheet are reconciled in the following table:

Gross proceeds $ 150,000,000 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants (1,222,500 )

Proceeds allocated to over-allotment option (221,454 )

Class A ordinary shares issuance costs (8,679,540 )

Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 11,173,494 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, January 31, 2025 $ 151,050,000 

Share-based compensation

The Company records share-based
compensation in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation-Share Compensation (ASC 718), guidance to
account for its share-based compensation. It defines a fair value-based method of accounting for an employee share option or similar equity
instrument. The Company recognizes all forms of share-based payments at their fair value on the grant date, which are based on the estimated
number of awards that are ultimately expected to vest. Share-based payments are valued using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. Grants
of share-based payment awards issued to non-employees for services rendered have been recorded at the fair value of the share-based payment,
which is the more readily determinable value. The grants are amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods, which
is generally the vesting period. If an award is granted, but vesting does not occur, any previously recognized compensation cost is reversed
in the period related to the termination of service. Share-based compensation expenses are included in costs and operating expenses depending
on the nature of the services provided in the statement of operations.

Recent accounting standards

In November 2023, the FASB
issued ASU 2023-07, Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures. The amendments in this
ASU require disclosures, on an annual and interim basis, of significant segment expenses that are regularly provided to the chief operating
decision maker (CODM), as well as the aggregate amount of other segment items included in the reported measure of segment
profit or loss. The ASU requires that a public entity disclose the title and position of the CODM and an explanation of how the CODM uses
the reported measure(s) of segment profit or loss in assessing segment performance and deciding how to allocate resources. Public entities
will be required to provide all annual disclosures currently required by Topic 280 in interim periods, and entities with a single reportable
segment are required to provide all the disclosures required by the amendments in this ASU and existing segment disclosures in Topic 280.
This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December
15, 2024, with early adoption permitted. The Company adopted ASU 2023-07 on January 31, 2025, the date of the Initial Public Offering.

Management does not believe
that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the
Companys financial statement.

F-10

STELLAR V CAPITAL CORP.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

JANUARY 31, 2025

NOTE 3. INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING

Pursuant to the Initial Public
Offering, on January 31, 2025, the Company sold 15,000,000 Units at a purchase price of $10.00 per Unit. Each Unit consists
of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable Public Warrant. Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase
one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7).

NOTE 4. PRIVATE PLACEMENT

Simultaneously with the closing
of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor and BTIG purchased an aggregate of 555,000 Private Placement Units, at a price of $10.00 per
Private Placement Unit, or $5,550,000 in the aggregate. Of those 555,000 private units, the Sponsor purchased 365,000 private units and
BTIG purchased 190,000 private units. Each Private Placement Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable
warrant (Private Placement Warrant). Each whole Private Placement Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary
share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment.

NOTE 5. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

Founder shares

On July 15, 2024, the
Sponsor made a capital contribution $25,000 to cover for certain expenses on behalf of the Company in exchange for issuance of 4,312,500
Class B ordinary (the Founder Shares). On October 2, 2024, the Company, through a share capitalization, issued the
Sponsor an additional 1,747,425 Class B ordinary shares as bonus shares, as a result of which the Sponsor has purchased an aggregate of
6,059,925 Class B ordinary shares.

On December 2, 2024, the Sponsor
transferred 25,000 Class B ordinary shares to each of the three independent director nominees for approximately $0.004 per share. After
such transfer, the sponsor holds an aggregate of 5,984,925 Class B ordinary shares, and the three independent director nominees hold an
aggregate of 75,000 Class B ordinary shares, in addition to the interests they hold indirectly through the membership in the Sponsor.
All share and per share data has been retrospectively presented. The sale of the Founders Shares to the Companys independent directors
is in the scope of FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation (ASC 718). Under ASC 718, stock-based
compensation associated with equity-classified awards is measured at fair value upon the grant date. The fair value of the 75,000 shares
granted to the Companys independent directors was $81,750 or $1.09 per share. Such amount has been recorded as compensation expense
on December 2, 2024, the date the shares were granted, as there are no service restrictions.

With certain limited exceptions,
the Founder Shares are not transferable, assignable or salable (except to the Companys officers and directors and other persons
or entities affiliated with the Sponsor, each of whom will be subject to the same transfer restrictions) until the earlier to occur of
(i) six months after the completion of the initial Business Combination or (ii) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation,
merger, share exchange or other similar transaction after the initial Business Combination that results in all of the shareholders having
the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property; except to certain permitted transferees
and under certain circumstances as described herein. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements
of the Initial Shareholders with respect to any Founder Shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if (1) the closing price of the Class A
ordinary shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 30 days after the initial Business
Combination or (2) if the Company consummates a transaction after the initial Business Combination which results in the shareholders
having the right to exchange their shares for cash, securities or other property, the Founder Shares will be released from the lock-up.

Related party loans

On July 15, 2024, as amended
on December 30, 2024, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company up to $300,000 pursuant to a promissory note (the Note). The
Note was non-interest bearing, unsecured and due on the earlier of March 31, 2025 (as amended) or the closing of the Initial Public Offering.
On January 31, 2025, the Company repaid the total outstanding balance of the note amounting to $242,696. Borrowings under the note are
no longer available.

F-11

STELLAR V CAPITAL CORP.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

JANUARY 31, 2025

NOTE 5. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (cont.)

In addition, in order to finance
transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor, members of the Companys founding team or any of their
affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (Working Capital Loans). If the Company
completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released
to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that
a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital
Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. The Working Capital Loans would either
be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lenders discretion, up to $1.5 million
of such Working Capital Loans may be converted into units of the post Business Combination entity at a price of $10.00 per Unit. The units
would be identical to the Private Placement Units. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not
been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. As of January 31, 2025, the Company had no borrowings under
the Working Capital Loans.

Due from Sponsor 

The
Company paid the Sponsor an amount of $25,000 in excess of the outstanding promissory note balance at the closing of the Initial Public
Offering. The excess payment of $25,000 was due to the Company as of January 31, 2025, and was subsequently returned to the Company on
February 3, 2025 (see Note 10).

Administrative services agreement

The Company agreed, commencing
on January 30, 2025 through the earlier of consummation of the initial Business Combination and the liquidation, to pay Nautilus Energy
Management Corp. a fee of approximately $10,000 per month for office space, utilities, and secretarial and administrative support services.

NOTE 6. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

Registration and shareholder rights

The holders of the Founder
Shares, private units (and underlying securities) and any units (and underlying securities) that may be issued on conversion of working
capital loans are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement requiring the Company to register such securities
for resale. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form registration demands, that
the Company register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggyback registration rights with respect to registration
statements filed subsequent to the completion of the initial Business Combination and rights to require the Company to register for resale
such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. The registration rights granted to BTIG are limited to one demand
and unlimited piggyback rights for periods of five and seven years, respectively, from the commencement of sales of the Initial Public
Offering with respect to the registration under the Securities Act of the Private Placement Units and the underlying securities. The warrants
underlying the Private Placement Units, if held by BTIG or its affiliates or associated persons, may not be exercised more than five years
from commencement of sales of the Initial Public Offering in compliance with Rule 5110(g)(8)(A). The Company will bear the expenses incurred
in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.

Underwriting agreement

The Company will grant the
underwriters a 45-day option from the date of this prospectus to purchase up to 2,250,000 additional Units at the Initial Public
Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. As of January 31, 2025, the full over-allotment option remains open.

F-12

STELLAR V CAPITAL CORP.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

JANUARY 31, 2025

NOTE 6. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (cont.)

The underwriters were entitled
to an underwriting discount of $0.20 per unit, or $3.0 million in the aggregate, which was paid upon the closing of the Initial Public
Offering. In addition, the underwriters were entitled to a fee of $0.35 per unit, or approximately $5.25 million in the aggregate,
payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts
held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes
a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. The deferred underwriting commissions will be payable to the
underwriter upon the closing of the initial Business Combination in two portions, as follows: (i) $0.325 per unit sold in the Initial
Public Offering shall be paid to the underwriter in cash and (ii) $0.025 per unit sold in the Initial Public Offering shall be paid to
the underwriter in cash (such amount, the Allocable Amount), provided that, after completion of the Initial Public Offering
and the underwriters receipt of 100% of the Base Fee, the Company has the right, in its sole discretion, to allocate any portion
of the Allocable Amount to any third parties not participating in the Initial Public Offering (but who are members of the Financial Industry
Regulatory Authority, Inc.) that assists the Company in consummating its initial Business Combination.

Risks and uncertainties

The United States and
global markets are experiencing volatility and disruption following the geopolitical instability resulting from the ongoing Russia-Ukraine
conflict and the recent escalation of the Israel-Hamas conflict. In response to the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict, the North Atlantic
Treaty Organization (NATO) deployed additional military forces to eastern Europe, and the United States, the United
Kingdom, the European Union and other countries have announced various sanctions and restrictive actions against Russia, Belarus and related
individuals and entities, including the removal of certain financial institutions from the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication
payment system. Certain countries, including the United States, have also provided and may continue to provide military aid or other
assistance to Ukraine and to Israel, increasing geopolitical tensions among a number of nations. The invasion of Ukraine by Russia and
the escalation of the Israel-Hamas conflict and the resulting measures that have been taken, and could be taken in the future, by NATO,
the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union, Israel and its neighboring states and other countries have created global
security concerns that could have a lasting impact on regional and global economies. Although the length and impact of the ongoing conflicts
are highly unpredictable, they could lead to market disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices, credit and capital
markets, as well as supply chain interruptions and increased cyberattacks against U.S. companies. Additionally, any resulting sanctions
could adversely affect the global economy and financial markets and lead to instability and lack of liquidity in capital markets.

Any of the above mentioned
factors, or any other negative impact on the global economy, capital markets or other geopolitical conditions resulting from the Russian
invasion of Ukraine, the escalation of the Israel-Hamas conflict and subsequent sanctions or related actions, could adversely affect the
Companys search for an initial Business Combination and any target business with which the Company may ultimately consummate an
initial Business Combination.

NOTE 7. SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT

Preference Shares The
Company is authorized to issue 1,000,000 preference shares with a par value of $0.0001 per share. As of January 31, 2025, there were no
preference shares issued or outstanding.

Class A Ordinary
Shares The Company is authorized to issue 489,000,000 Class A ordinary shares with a par value of $0.0001
per share. Holders of the Companys Class A ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share. As of January 31, 2025,
there were 555,000 Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding, excluding the 15,000,000 shares subject to possible redemption.

Class B Ordinary
Shares The Company is authorized to issue 10,000,000 Class B ordinary shares with a par value of $0.0001
per share. As of January 31, 2025, there were 6,059,925 Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. Ordinary shareholders of
record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. Holders of Class A ordinary shares
and holders of Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of the shareholders
except as required by law.

F-13

STELLAR V CAPITAL CORP.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

JANUARY 31, 2025

NOTE 7. SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT (cont.)

The Class B ordinary shares
will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of the initial
Business Combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like, and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked
securities are issued or deemed issued in connection with the initial Business Combination, the number of Class A ordinary shares
issuable upon conversion of all Founder Shares will equal, in the aggregate, approximately 26%, assuming the full exercise of the over-allotment
option, or 29%, assuming no exercise of the over-allotment option, of the total number of Class A ordinary shares outstanding after
such conversion (after giving effect to any redemptions of Class A ordinary shares by Public Shareholders and including the Class A
ordinary shares underlying the Private Placement Units), including the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued, or deemed
issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection
with or in relation to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked
securities or rights exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial
Business Combination and any private placement units issued to the Sponsor, officers or directors upon conversion of Working Capital Loans,
provided that such conversion of Founder Shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis.

Warrants As
of January 31, 2025, there were 7,777,500 warrants outstanding, including 7,500,000 Public Warrants and 277,500 Private Placement Warrants.
Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional Public Warrants will be issued upon separation of the
Units and only whole Public Warrants will trade. The Public Warrants will become exercisable 30 days after the completion of
a Business Combination; provided that the Company has an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the Class A
ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available (or the Company permit
holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis under certain circumstances). The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable,
but in no event later than 20 business days after the closing of the initial Business Combination, the Company will use commercially
reasonable efforts to file with the SEC and have an effective registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable
upon exercise of the warrants and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire
or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable
upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60th day after the closing of the initial Business Combination,
warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company will have
failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of
the Securities Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding the above, if the Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise
of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under
Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their
warrants to do so on a cashless basis and, in the event the Company so elects, the Company will not be required to file
or maintain in effect a registration statement, and in the event the Company does not so elect, it will use commercially reasonable efforts
to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available.

The warrants have an exercise
price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustments, and will expire five years after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier
upon redemption or liquidation. In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities
for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price
of less than $9.20 per Class A ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the
board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Initial Shareholders or their affiliates, without taking into account
any Founder Shares held by the Initial Shareholders or such affiliates prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price),
(y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60% of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon,
available for the funding of the initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination (net
of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the Class A ordinary shares during the 20 trading
day period starting on the trading day after the day on which the Company consummates the initial Business Combination (such
price, the Market Value) is below $9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent)
to be equal to 115% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the $18.00 per share redemption trigger price described
under Redemption of warrants for cash will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180% of the higher of the Market
Value and the Newly Issued Price.

F-14

STELLAR V CAPITAL CORP.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

JANUARY 31, 2025

NOTE 7. SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT (cont.)

The Private Placement Warrants
are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private Placement
Warrants may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holders until 30 days after the
completion of the Companys initial Business Combination and will be entitled to registration rights.

Redemption of warrants for
cash: Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding warrants for cash:

in whole and not in part;

at a price of $0.01 per Public Warrant;

upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of
redemption; and

if, and only if, the closing price of Class A ordinary
shares equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and
the like and for certain issuances of Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection
with the closing of the initial Business Combination) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the
third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders.

The Company will not redeem
the warrants for cash unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon
exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares is available throughout
the 30-day redemption period.

If the Company calls the warrants
for redemption for cash, as described above, the management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the warrants
to do so on a cashless basis.

If the Company is unable to
complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders
of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Companys
assets held outside of the Trust Account with the respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless.

F-15

STELLAR V CAPITAL CORP.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

JANUARY 31, 2025

NOTE 8. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS

The following table presents
information about the Companys assets and liabilities that are measured
at fair value as of January 31, 2025, and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation inputs the Company utilized to determine
such fair value:

Level January 31,

2025 

Liabilities: 

Over-allotment option liability 3 $ 221,454 

The over-allotment option was
accounted for as a liability in accordance with ASC 815-40 and was presented within liabilities on the balance sheet. The over-allotment
option liability is measured at fair value at inception and on a recurring basis, with changes in fair value presented within changes
in fair value of over-allotment option liability in the statement of operations.

The Company used a Black-Scholes
model to value the over-allotment option. The over-allotment option liability was classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy
at the measurement dates due to the use of unobservable inputs inherent in pricing models are assumptions related to expected share-price
volatility, expected life and risk-free interest rate. The Company estimates the volatility of its ordinary shares based on historical
volatility that matches the expected remaining life of the option. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon
yield curve on the grant date for a maturity similar to the expected remaining life of the option. The expected life of the option is
assumed to be equivalent to their remaining contractual term.

The key inputs into the Black-Scholes
model were as follows at initial measurement of the over-allotment option:

Inputs January 31,

2025 

Risk-free interest rate 4.37 %

Expected term (years) 0.12 

Expected volatility 4.91 %

Exercise price $ 10.00 

Fair value of over-allotment unit $ 0.098 

The fair value of the Public
Warrants is $1,222,500, or $0.163 per Public Warrant. The fair value of the Public Warrants was determined using the Monte Carlo Simulation
Model. The Public Warrants have been classified within shareholders deficit and will not require remeasurement after issuance.
The following table presents the quantitative information regarding market assumptions used in the valuation of the Public Warrants:

January 31,

2025 

Estimated share price $ 9.92 

Exercise price $ 11.50 

Term (years) 2.38 

Risk-free rate 4.24 %

Volatility 5.36 %

F-16

STELLAR V CAPITAL CORP.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

JANUARY 31, 2025

NOTE 9. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

The Company evaluated subsequent
events and transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date that the financial statement was issued. Based upon
this review, other than as described below, the Company did not identify any subsequent events that would have required adjustment or
disclosure in the financial statement.

On February 3, 2025, the Sponsor
returned to the Company the $25,000 excess payment it received from the repayment of the outstanding promissory note at the closing of
Initial Public Offering.

F-17
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>svcc-20250131.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>svcc-20250131_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>svcc-20250131_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>svcc-20250131_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Jan. 31, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 31, 2025

Entity File Number 001-42496

Entity Registrant Name Stellar V Capital Corp.

Entity Central Index Key 0002033593

Entity Tax Identification Number 86-2887484

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code E9

Entity Address, Address Line One 230 Park Avenue

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 1540

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10169

City Area Code 212

Local Phone Number 661-7566

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol SVCC

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share

Trading Symbol SVCCW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant 

Title of 12(b) Security Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant

Trading Symbol SVCCU

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=SVCC_ClassOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=SVCC_WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneClassOrdinaryShareAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=SVCC_UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShareAndOnehalfOfOneRedeemableWarrantMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
4 
24 
1 
false 
3 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://stellaracquisition.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0230152-8k_stellar5.htm 
svcc-20250131.xsd 
svcc-20250131_def.xml 
svcc-20250131_lab.xml 
svcc-20250131_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-010996-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>ea0230152-8k_stellar5_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0002033593 

2025-01-31 
2025-01-31 

0002033593 

SVCC:ClassOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember 

2025-01-31 
2025-01-31 

0002033593 

SVCC:WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneClassOrdinaryShareAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember 

2025-01-31 
2025-01-31 

0002033593 

SVCC:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShareAndOnehalfOfOneRedeemableWarrantMember 

2025-01-31 
2025-01-31 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0002033593 
8-K 
2025-01-31 
Stellar V Capital Corp. 
E9 
001-42496 
86-2887484 
230 Park Avenue 
Suite 1540 
New York 
NY 
10169 
212 
661-7566 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 
SVCC 
NASDAQ 
Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 
SVCCW 
NASDAQ 
Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant 
SVCCU 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>