<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001437749-25-008981.txt : 20250324
<SEC-HEADER>0001437749-25-008981.hdr.sgml : 20250324
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250324163812
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-25-008981
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250318
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250324
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250324

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WINDTREE THERAPEUTICS INC /DE/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000946486
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		EIN:				943171943
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39290
		FILM NUMBER:		25764638

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2600 KELLY ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			WARRINGTON
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			18976
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2154889300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2600 KELLY ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			WARRINGTON
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			18976

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DISCOVERY LABORATORIES INC /DE/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19971201

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ANSAN PHARMACEUTICALS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19961121

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ANSAN INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950609
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>wint20250323_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?wint20250323_8k.htm

false000094648600009464862025-03-182025-03-18

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, DC 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 18, 2025

Windtree Therapeutics, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 

001-39290 

94-3171943

(State or other jurisdiction 

(Commission 

(I.R.S. Employer

of incorporation) 

File Number) 

Identification No.)

2600 Kelly Road, Suite 100, Warrington, Pennsylvania 

18976

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code)

(215) 488-9300

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share 

WINT 

The Nasdaq Capital Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

License and Supply Agreement with Evofem Biosciences, Inc.

On March 20, 2025, Windtree Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company) entered into a License and Supply Agreement (the L&S Agreement) with Evofem Biosciences, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Evofem). Pursuant to the L&S Agreement, the Company will act as the supplier to Evofem of its Phexxi product outside of the United States. The term of the L&S Agreement is for an initial three-year period and is automatically renewed thereafter for successive two-year periods unless either party provides 180 days notice of non-renewal or the L&S Agreement is otherwise terminated in accordance with the termination provisions provided therein. The Companys manufacturing and supply obligations under the L&S Agreement will commence the later of the termination of Evofems exclusivity obligations with its current supplier or within 90 days of the Companys notification to Evofem that it has established manufacturing capabilities for the Products (as defined in the L&S Agreement). The Company may subcontract, with any third party including an affiliate of the Company, to perform any of its obligations under the L&S Agreement without the prior written consent of Evofem.

Evofem is generally obligated to purchase the Products from the Company at a specified price during the first three years of the Term (as defined in the L&S Agreement). Evofem also granted to the Company a limited, nonexclusive, royalty-free right to use Evofems Intellectual Property Rights (as defined in the L&S Agreement) solely as necessary to manufacture the Products exclusively for Evofem during the Term, subject to the terms of the L&S Agreement. The L&S Agreement contains representations and warranties of both parties, insurance requirements for the Company, mutual indemnification provisions, and confidentiality provisions.

Saundra Pelletier is the President and Chief Executive Officer of Evofem, is Interim Chair of Evofems board of directors, and also serves on the Companys board of directors.

The foregoing description of the L&S Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the L&S Agreement, which will be filed as an exhibit to the Companys next periodic report.

Senior Secured Notes

On March 18, 2025, the Company agreed to issue and sell to (i) an institutional investor an aggregate principal amount of $156,250 in senior secured notes due in 2026, and (ii) an additional institutional investor an aggregate principal amount of $156,250 in senior secured notes due in 2026 (together with the senior secured notes described in clause (i), the Notes), for aggregate gross proceeds of $250,000. Each of the Notes was issued in a private offering in reliance on exemption from registration provided in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Notes include 20% original issue discount.

Maturity Date. The Notes will mature on March 18, 2026, unless extended at the holders option in accordance with the terms of the Notes.

Interest. The Notes will bear interest at 10% per annum on a 360-day and twelve 30-day month basis, payable monthly in cash and in arrears on each Interest Date (as defined in the Notes) and such interest will compound each calendar month. The interest rate will increase to 18% per annum upon the existence of an Event of Default (as defined in the Notes).

Fundamental Transactions. The Notes prohibit the Company from entering specified fundamental transactions (including, without limitation, mergers, business combinations and similar transactions) unless the Company (or its successor) assumes in writing all of the Companys obligations under the Notes and the other Transaction Documents (as defined in the Notes).

Optional Redemption. The Company may at any time redeem all, but not less than all, of the remaining amount under the Notes in cash at a price equal to 120% of the remaining amount being redeemed as of such optional redemption date. The Company may deliver only one Company Optional Redemption Notice (as defined in the Notes) and such notice will be irrevocable.

Equity Line Mandatory Redemption. At any time on or after the Issuance Date, if the Company sells any shares of Common Stock pursuant to any equity line of credit with any Person (as defined in the Notes), the Company shall deliver written notice to the holder in accordance with the terms of the Notes, specifying (i) the aggregate gross proceeds (less any reasonable and documented legal fees and expenses) of such transactions in the prior calendar week (each, an Equity Line Proceeds Amount), (ii) 30% of such Equity Line Proceeds Amount (each, an Equity Line Mandatory Redemption Amount), (iii) the applicable Equity Line Mandatory Redemption Date and (iv) the aggregate portion of the Note subject to such Equity Line Mandatory Redemption and the Equity Line Mandatory Redemption Price with respect thereto (as such terms are defined in the Notes). Unless waived in writing by the holder, on the first business day after such notice, the Company shall redeem in cash a portion of the Note equal to the lesser of (x) the remaining amount of the Note and (y) the holders Holder Pro Rata Amount (as defined in the Notes) of the Equity Line Mandatory Redemption Amount (reflecting a redemption price calculated based upon $1.20 per each $1.00 of the remaining amount of the Note subject to such Equity Line Mandatory Redemption), without the requirement for any notice or demand or other action by the holder or any other Person.

Covenants. The Notes contain customary covenants providing for a variety of obligations on the part of the Company.

Security Interest. The Notes will be secured by first-priority security interests in all assets of the Company then presently existing, and will constitute a valid, first priority security interest in all assets of the Company later-acquired by the Company (collectively referred to as Collateral and as further defined in the Notes).

The foregoing description of the Notes does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the form of Note, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 4.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated by reference herein.

Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The disclosure set forth under Item 1.01 relating to the Notes is hereby incorporated into this Item 2.03 by reference.

Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure.

On March 20, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the L&S Agreement. The press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated by reference herein.

On March 24, 2025, the Company issued a press release relating to the Nasdaq Letter (as defined below). The press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.2 and incorporated by reference herein.

The information in this Item 7.01, including Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2 attached hereto, is being furnished and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section. Such information shall not be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), whether made before or after the date hereof, except as expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. The furnishing of this information will not be deemed an admission as to the materiality of any information contained therein.

Item 8.01 Other Events.

On March 20, 2025, the Company received a letter (the Nasdaq Letter) from The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC stating that the Nasdaq Hearing Panel (the Panel) found the Company to be in compliance with the Listing Rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market (Nasdaq). The Nasdaq Letter also stated that the Panel is imposing a Discretionary Panel Monitor until March 20, 2026.

As previously disclosed, on December 4, 2024, the Company received a deficiency letter from Nasdaqs Listing Qualifications Department notifying the Company that, for the last 30 consecutive business days, the closing bid price for the Companys common stock has been below the minimum $1.00 per share required for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) (Minimum Bid Price Requirement).

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. 

Description

4.1 

Form of Senior Secured Note due in 2026

99.1 

Press Release, dated March 20, 2025

99.2 

Press Release, dated March 24, 2025

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Windtree Therapeutics, Inc.

March 24, 2025 

By: 

/s/ Jed Latkin

Name: 

Jed Latkin

Title: 

President and Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex_793525.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
ex_793525.htm

Exhibit 4.1

THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS NOTE MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE HOLDER (IF REQUESTED BY THE COMPANY), IN A FORM REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD OR ELIGIBLE TO BE SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THIS NOTE MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES. ANY TRANSFEREE OF THIS NOTE SHOULD CAREFULLY REVIEW THE TERMS OF THIS NOTE, INCLUDING SECTIONS 8 AND 13(a) HEREOF. THE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT REPRESENTED BY THIS NOTE MAY BE LESS THAN THE AMOUNTS SET FORTH ON THE FACE HEREOF PURSUANT TO SECTION 8 OF THIS NOTE.

THIS NOTE HAS BEEN ISSUED WITH ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT (OID). PURSUANT TO TREASURY REGULATION 1.1275-3(b)(1), JED LATKIN, A REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COMPANY HEREOF WILL, BEGINNING TEN DAYS AFTER THE ISSUANCE DATE OF THIS NOTE, PROMPTLY MAKE AVAILABLE TO THE HOLDER UPON REQUEST THE INFORMATION DESCRIBED IN TREASURY REGULATION 1.1275-3(b)(1)(i). MR. LATKIN MAY BE REACHED AT TELEPHONE NUMBER (215) 488-9300.

Windtree Therapeutics, Inc.

Senior Secured Note

Issuance Date: __________, 2025 

Original Principal Amount: U.S. $_________

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, Windtree Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), hereby promises to pay to the order of __________ or its registered assigns (Holder), the amount set forth above as the Original Principal Amount (as reduced pursuant to the terms hereof pursuant to redemption or otherwise, the Principal) (which was acquired for a purchase price of $________) when due, whether upon the Maturity Date (as defined below), or upon acceleration, redemption or otherwise (in each case in accordance with the terms hereof) and to pay interest (Interest) on any outstanding Principal at the applicable Interest Rate (as defined below) from the date set forth above as the Issuance Date until the same becomes due and payable, whether upon an Interest Date (as defined below), the Maturity Date, or upon acceleration, redemption or otherwise (in each case in accordance with the terms hereof). This Senior Secured Note (including all Senior Secured Notes issued in exchange, transfer or replacement hereof, this Note) shall rank pari passi with the March 2025 Note (as defined below), and is part of a series of Senior Secured Notes that may be issued, from time to time, by and between the Company and the Holder (the Other Notes, and together with this Note, the Notes or the Transaction Documents). This Note was originally issued on the Issuance Date set forth above.

1. PAYMENTS OF PRINCIPAL. On the Maturity Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder an amount in cash representing all outstanding Principal, accrued and unpaid Interest and accrued and unpaid Late Charges (as defined in Section 19(c)) on such Principal and Interest. Other than as specifically permitted by this Note, the Company may not prepay any portion of the outstanding Principal, accrued and unpaid Interest or accrued and unpaid Late Charges on Principal and Interest, if any.

2. INTEREST; INTEREST RATE.

(a) Interest on this Note shall commence accruing on the Issuance Date and shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year and twelve 30-day months and shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Date and shall compound each calendar month and shall be payable in accordance with the terms of this Note. Interest shall be paid (i) on each Interest Date, to the record holder of this Note on the applicable Interest Date, in cash.

(b) Prior to the payment of Interest on an Interest Date, Interest on this Note shall accrue at the Interest Rate and be payable by way of inclusion of the Interest in the Outstanding Amountupon any redemption in accordance with Section 8 or any required payment upon any Bankruptcy Event of Default. From and after the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, the Interest Rate shall automatically be increased to eighteen percent (18.0%) per annum (the Default Rate). In the event that such Event of Default is subsequently cured (and no other Event of Default then exists, including, without limitation, for the Companys failure to pay such Interest at the Default Rate on the applicable Interest Date), the adjustment referred to in the preceding sentence shall cease to be effective as of the calendar day immediately following the date of such cure; provided that the Interest as calculated and unpaid at such increased rate during the continuance of such Event of Default shall continue to apply to the extent relating to the days after the occurrence of such Event of Default through and including the date of such cure of such Event of Default.

3. RIGHTS UPON EVENT OF DEFAULT.

(a) Event of Default. Each of the following events shall constitute an Event of Default and each of the events in clauses (iv), (v) and (vi) shall constitute a Bankruptcy Event of Default:

(i) the suspension (or threatened suspension) from trading or the failure (or threatened failure) of the Common Stock to be trading or listed (as applicable) on an Eligible Market for a period of five (5) consecutive Business Days;

(ii) the Companys or any Subsidiarys failure to pay to the Holder any amount of Principal, Interest, Late Charges or other amounts when and as due under this Note (including, without limitation, the Companys or any Subsidiarys failure to pay any redemption payments or amounts hereunder) or any other agreement, document, certificate or other instrument delivered in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, except, in the case of a failure to pay Interest and Late Charges when and as due, in which case only if such failure remains uncured for a period of at least two (2) Business Days;

2

(iii) the occurrence of any default under, redemption of or acceleration prior to maturity of at least an aggregate of $500,000 of Indebtedness of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, other than with respect to any Other Notes;

(iv) bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings for the relief of debtors shall be instituted by or against the Company or any Subsidiary and, if instituted against the Company or any Subsidiary by a third party, shall not be dismissed within thirty (30) days of their initiation;

(v) the commencement by the Company or any Subsidiary of a voluntary case or proceeding under any applicable federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar law or of any other case or proceeding to be adjudicated a bankrupt or insolvent, or the consent by it to the entry of a decree, order, judgment or other similar document in respect of the Company or any Subsidiary in an involuntary case or proceeding under any applicable federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar law or to the commencement of any bankruptcy or insolvency case or proceeding against it, or the filing by it of a petition or answer or consent seeking reorganization or relief under any applicable federal, state or foreign law, or the consent by it to the filing of such petition or to the appointment of or taking possession by a custodian, receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or other similar official of the Company or any Subsidiary or of any substantial part of its property, or the making by it of an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the execution of a composition of debts, or the occurrence of any other similar federal, state or foreign proceeding, or the admission by it in writing of its inability to pay its debts generally as they become due, the taking of corporate action by the Company or any Subsidiary in furtherance of any such action or the taking of any action by any Person to commence a Uniform Commercial Code foreclosure sale or any other similar action under federal, state or foreign law;

(vi) the entry by a court of (i) a decree, order, judgment or other similar document in respect of the Company or any Subsidiary of a voluntary or involuntary case or proceeding under any applicable federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar law or (ii) a decree, order, judgment or other similar document adjudging the Company or any Subsidiary as bankrupt or insolvent, or approving as properly filed a petition seeking liquidation, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition of or in respect of the Company or any Subsidiary under any applicable federal, state or foreign law or (iii) a decree, order, judgment or other similar document appointing a custodian, receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or other similar official of the Company or any Subsidiary or of any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding up or liquidation of its affairs, and the continuance of any such decree, order, judgment or other similar document or any such other decree, order, judgment or other similar document unstayed and in effect for a period of thirty (30) consecutive days;

3

(vii) a final judgment or judgments for the payment of money aggregating in excess of $500,000 are rendered against the Company and/or any of its Subsidiaries and which judgments are not, within thirty (30) days after the entry thereof, bonded, discharged, settled or stayed pending appeal, or are not discharged within thirty (30) days after the expiration of such stay; provided, however, any judgment which is covered by insurance or an indemnity from a credit worthy party shall not be included in calculating the $500,000 amount set forth above so long as the Company provides the Holder a written statement from such insurer or indemnity provider (which written statement shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Holder) to the effect that such judgment is covered by insurance or an indemnity and the Company or such Subsidiary (as the case may be) will receive the proceeds of such insurance or indemnity within thirty (30) days of the issuance of such judgment;

(viii) the Company and/or any Subsidiary, individually or in the aggregate, either (i) fails to pay, when due, or within any applicable grace period, any payment with respect to any Indebtedness in excess of $500,000 due to any third party (other than, with respect to unsecured Indebtedness only, payments contested by the Company and/or such Subsidiary (as the case may be) in good faith by proper proceedings and with respect to which adequate reserves have been set aside for the payment thereof in accordance with GAAP) or is otherwise in breach or violation of any agreement for monies owed or owing in an amount in excess of $100,000, which breach or violation permits the other party thereto to declare a default or otherwise accelerate amounts due thereunder, or (ii) suffer to exist any other circumstance or event that would, with or without the passage of time or the giving of notice, result in a default or event of default under any agreement binding the Company or any Subsidiary, which default or event of default would or is likely to have a material adverse effect on the business, assets, operations (including results thereof), liabilities, properties, condition (including financial condition) or prospects of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, individually or in the aggregate;

(ix) other than as specifically set forth in another clause of this Section 3(a), the Company or any Subsidiary breaches any representation or warranty, in any material respect (other than representations or warranties subject to material adverse effect or materiality, which may not be breached in any respect) or any covenant or other term or condition of any Transaction Document, except, in the case of a breach of a covenant or other term or condition that is curable, only if such breach remains uncured for a period of two (2) consecutive Business Days;

(x) a false or inaccurate certification (including a false or inaccurate deemed certification) by the Company as to whether any Event of Default has occurred;

(xi) any breach or failure in any respect by the Company or any Subsidiary to comply with any provision of Section 10 of this Note;

4

(xii) any provision of this Note shall at any time for any reason (other than pursuant to the express terms thereof) cease to be valid and binding on or enforceable against the parties thereto, or the validity or enforceability thereof shall be contested by any party thereto, or a proceeding shall be commenced by the Company or any Subsidiary or any governmental authority having jurisdiction over any of them, seeking to establish the invalidity or unenforceability thereof, or the Company or any Subsidiary shall deny in writing that it has any liability or obligation purported to be created under this Note;

(xiii) this Note shall for any reason fail or cease to create a separate valid and perfected and, except to the extent permitted by the terms hereof or thereof, first priority lien on the Collateral in favor of the Holder or any material provision of this Note shall at any time for any reason cease to be valid and binding on or enforceable against the Company or the validity or enforceability thereof shall be contested by any party thereto, or a proceeding shall be commenced by the Company or any governmental authority having jurisdiction over the Company, seeking to establish the invalidity or unenforceability thereof;

(xiv) any material damage to, or loss, theft or destruction of, any Collateral, whether or not insured, or any strike, lockout, labor dispute, embargo, condemnation, act of God or public enemy, or other casualty which causes, for more than fifteen (15) consecutive days, the cessation or substantial curtailment of revenue producing activities at any facility of the Company or any Subsidiary, if any such event or circumstance could have a Material Adverse Effect; or

(xv) any Material Adverse Effect occurs;

(xvi) any Change of Control occurs;

(xvii) any Event of Default (as defined in the Other Notes) occurs with respect to any Other Notes.

(b) Notice of an Event of Default; Redemption Right. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default with respect to this Note or any Other Note, the Company shall within one (1) Business Day deliver written notice thereof via electronic mail and overnight courier (with next day delivery specified) (an Event of Default Notice) to the Holder. At any time after the earlier of the Holders receipt of an Event of Default Notice and the Holder becoming aware of an Event of Default, the Holder may require the Company to redeem (regardless of whether such Event of Default has been cured) all or any portion of this Note by delivering written notice thereof (the Event of Default Redemption Notice) to the Company, which Event of Default Redemption Notice shall indicate the portion of this Note the Holder is electing to redeem. Each portion of this Note subject to redemption by the Company pursuant to this Section 3(b) shall be redeemed by the Company at a price in cash equal to the product of (A) the Outstanding Amount to be redeemed multiplied by (B) the Redemption Premium (the Event of DefaultRedemption Price). Redemptions required by this Section 3(b) shall be made in accordance with the provisions of Section 8. To the extent redemptions required by this Section 3(b) are deemed or determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be prepayments of this Note by the Company, such redemptions shall be deemed to be voluntary prepayments. In the event of the Companys redemption of any portion of this Note under this Section 3(b), the Holders damages would be uncertain and difficult to estimate because of the parties inability to predict future interest rates and the uncertainty of the availability of a suitable substitute investment opportunity for the Holder. Accordingly, any redemption premium due under this Section 3(b) is intended by the parties to be, and shall be deemed, a reasonable estimate of the Holders actual loss of its investment opportunity and not as a penalty. Any redemption upon an Event of Default shall not constitute an election of remedies by the Holder, and all other rights and remedies of the Holder shall be preserved.

5

(c) Mandatory Redemption upon Bankruptcy Event of Default. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, upon any Bankruptcy Event of Default, whether occurring prior to or following the Maturity Date, the Company shall immediately pay to the Holder an amount in cash representing (i) all outstanding Principal, accrued and unpaid Interest and accrued and unpaid Late Charges on such Principal and Interest, multiplied by (ii) the Redemption Premium, in addition to any and all other amounts due hereunder, without the requirement for any notice or demand or other action by the Holder or any other person or entity, provided that the Holder may, in its sole discretion, waive such right to receive payment upon a Bankruptcy Event of Default, in whole or in part, and any such waiver shall not affect any other rights of the Holder hereunder, including any other rights in respect of such Bankruptcy Event of Default, and any right to payment of the Event of Default Redemption Price or any other Redemption Price, as applicable.

4. RIGHTS UPON FUNDAMENTAL TRANSACTION.

(a) Assumption. The Company shall not enter into or be party to a Fundamental Transaction unless the Successor Entity assumes in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Note and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the provisions of this Section 4(a) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder prior to such Fundamental Transaction, including agreements to deliver to each holder of Notes in exchange for such Notes a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to the Notes, including, without limitation, having a principal amount and interest rate equal to the principal amounts then outstanding and the interest rates of the Notes held by such holder, having similar ranking and security to the Notes, and satisfactory to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Note and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Note and the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein. The provisions of this Section 4 shall apply similarly and equally to successive Fundamental Transactions.

6

5. REDEMPTIONS AT THE COMPANYS ELECTION.

(a) Company Optional Redemption. At any time, the Company shall have the right to redeem all, but not less than all, of the Outstanding Amount then remaining under this Note (the Company Optional Redemption Amount) on the Company Optional Redemption Date (each as defined below) (a Company Optional Redemption). The portion of this Note subject to redemption pursuant to this Section 5(a) shall be redeemed by the Company in cash at a price (the Company Optional Redemption Price) equal to 120% of the Outstanding Amount being redeemed as of the Company Optional Redemption Date. The Company may exercise its right to require redemption under this Section 5(a) by delivering a written notice thereof by electronic mail and overnight courier to all, but not less than all, of the holders of Notes (the Company Optional Redemption Notice and the date all of the holders of Notes received such notice is referred to as the Company Optional Redemption Notice Date). The Company may deliver only one Company Optional Redemption Notice hereunder and such Company Optional Redemption Notice shall be irrevocable. The Company Optional Redemption Notice shall specify (x) the date on which the Company Optional Redemption shall occur (the Company Optional Redemption Date) which date shall not be less than twenty (20) Business Days nor more than forty (40) Business Days following the Company Optional Redemption Notice Date, and (y) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Notes which is being redeemed in such Company Optional Redemption from the Holder and all of the other holders of the Notes pursuant to this Section 5(a) (and analogous provisions under the Other Notes) on the Company Optional Redemption Date. Redemptions made pursuant to this Section 5(a) shall be made in accordance with Section 8. In the event of the Companys redemption of any portion of this Note under this Section 5(a), the Holders damages would be uncertain and difficult to estimate because of the parties inability to predict future interest rates and the uncertainty of the availability of a suitable substitute investment opportunity for the Holder. Accordingly, any redemption premium due under this Section 9 is intended by the parties to be, and shall be deemed, a reasonable estimate of the Holders actual loss of its investment opportunity and not as a penalty. For the avoidance of doubt, the Company shall have no right to effect a Company Optional Redemption if any Event of Default has occurred and continuing.

(b) Pro Rata Redemption Requirement. If the Company elects to cause a Company Optional Redemption of this Note pursuant to Section 5(a), then it must simultaneously take the same action with respect to all of the Other Notes.

6. EQUITY LINE MANDATORY REDEMPTION. At any time on or after the Issuance Date, if the Company sells any Common Stock pursuant to any equity line of credit with any Person (including, without limitation, pursuant to the Common Stock purchase agreement, by and between the Company and Seven Knots, LLC (or any of its affiliates) (each, an Equity Line) (and each date the Company sells any shares of Common Stock pursuant to any such Equity Line, each an Equity Line Trigger Date, and each such sale, an Eligible Equity Line Transaction), by no later than 9:00 AM, New York City time on the first (1st) Business Day of the immediately subsequent calendar week after any such Equity Line Trigger Date (each, a Equity Mandatory Redemption Notice Date)), the Company shall deliver written notice to the Holder (each, an Equity Line Mandatory Redemption Notice) specifying (i) the aggregate gross proceeds (less any reasonable and documented legal fees and expenses) of all Eligible Equity Line Transactions in the prior calendar week (each, an Equity Line Proceeds Amount), (ii) 30% of such Equity Line Proceeds Amount (each, an Equity Line Mandatory Redemption Amount), (iii) the applicable Equity Line Mandatory Redemption Date (as defined below) and (iv) the aggregate portion of this Note subject to such Equity Line Mandatory Redemption (as defined below) and the Equity Line Mandatory Redemption Price with respect thereto (including reasonable calculations with respect thereto). Unless waived in writing by the Holder, on the first (1st) Business Day after such applicable Equity Mandatory Redemption Notice Date (each, an Equity Line Mandatory Redemption Date), the Company shall redeem in cash (each, a Equity Line Mandatory Redemption) a portion of this Note equal to the lesser of (x) the Outstanding Amount of this Note and (y) the Holders Holder Pro Rata Amount of the Equity Line Mandatory Redemption Amount (reflecting at a redemption price calculated based upon $1.20 per each $1.00 of Outstanding Amount of this Note subject to such Equity Line Mandatory Redemption) (such applicable aggregate redemption price, each, an Equity Line Mandatory Redemption Price), without the requirement for any notice or demand or other action by the Holder or any other Person. Redemptions required by this Section 6 shall be made in accordance with the provisions of Section 8.

7

7. NONCIRCUMVENTION. The Company hereby covenants and agrees that the Company will not, by amendment of its certificate of incorporation, bylaws or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities, or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Note, and will at all times in good faith carry out all of the provisions of this Note and take all action as may be required to protect the rights of the Holder of this Note.

8. REDEMPTIONS.

(a) Mechanics. The Company shall deliver the applicable Event of Default Redemption Price to the Holder in cash within five (5) Business Days after the Companys receipt of the Holders Event of Default Redemption Notice. The Company shall deliver the applicable Company Optional Redemption Price to the Holder in cash on the applicable Company Optional Redemption Date. The Company shall deliver the applicable Equity Line Mandatory Redemption Price to the Holder in cash on the applicable Equity Line Mandatory Redemption Date. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in connection with any redemption hereunder at a time the Holder is entitled to receive a cash payment under any of the other Transaction Documents, at the option of the Holder delivered in writing to the Company, the applicable Redemption Price hereunder shall be increased by the amount of such cash payment owed to the Holder under such other Transaction Document and, upon payment in full in accordance herewith, shall satisfy the Companys payment obligation under such other Transaction Document. In the event of a redemption of less than all of the Outstanding Amount of this Note, the Company shall promptly cause to be issued and delivered to the Holder a new Note (in accordance with Section 13(d)) representing the outstanding Principal which has not been redeemed. In the event that the Company does not pay the applicable Redemption Price to the Holder within the time period required, at any time thereafter and until the Company pays such unpaid Redemption Price in full, the Holder shall have the option, in lieu of redemption, to require the Company to promptly return to the Holder all or any portion of this Note representing the Outstanding Amount that was submitted for redemption and for which the applicable Redemption Price (together with any Late Charges thereon) has not been paid. Upon the Companys receipt of such notice, (x) the applicable Redemption Notice shall be null and void with respect to such Outstanding Amount, and (y) the Company shall immediately return this Note, or issue a new Note (in accordance with Section 13(d)), to the Holder, and in each case the principal amount of this Note or such new Note (as the case may be) shall be increased by an amount equal to the difference between (1) the applicable Redemption Price (as the case may be, and as adjusted pursuant to this Section 8, if applicable) minus (2) the Principal portion of the Outstanding Amount submitted for redemption. The Holders delivery of a notice voiding a Redemption Notice and exercise of its rights following such notice shall not affect the Companys obligations to make any payments of Late Charges which have accrued prior to the date of such notice with respect to the Outstanding Amount subject to such notice.

8

(b) Redemption by Other Holders. Upon the Companys receipt of notice from any of the holders of the Other Notes for redemption or repayment as a result of an event or occurrence substantially similar to the events or occurrences described in Section 3(b) or Section 6 (each, an Other Redemption Notice), the Company shall immediately, but no later than one (1) Business Day of its receipt thereof, forward to the Holder by electronic mail a copy of such notice. If the Company receives a Redemption Notice and one or more Other Redemption Notices, during the seven (7) Business Day period beginning on and including the date which is two (2) Business Days prior to the Companys receipt of the Holders applicable Redemption Notice and ending on and including the date which is two (2) Business Days after the Companys receipt of the Holders applicable Redemption Notice and the Company is unable to redeem all principal, interest and other amounts designated in such Redemption Notice and such Other Redemption Notices received during such seven (7) Business Day period, then the Company shall redeem a pro rata amount from each holder of the Notes (including the Holder) based on the principal amount of the Notes submitted for redemption pursuant to such Redemption Notice and such Other Redemption Notices received by the Company during such seven (7) Business Day period.

9. VOTING RIGHTS. The Holder shall have no voting rights as the holder of this Note, except as required by law (including, without limitation, the Delaware General Corporation Law) and as expressly provided in this Note.

10. COVENANTS. Until all of the Notes have been converted, redeemed or otherwise satisfied in accordance with their terms:

(a) Rank. All payments due under this Note (a) shall rank pari passu with all Other Notes and the March 2025 Note and (b) shall be senior to all other Indebtedness of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

(b) Incurrence of Indebtedness. The Company shall not, and the Company shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to not, directly or indirectly, incur or guarantee, assume or suffer to exist any Indebtedness (other than (i) the Indebtedness evidenced by this Note and the Other Notes and (ii) other Permitted Indebtedness).

(c) Existence of Liens. The Company shall not, and the Company shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to not, directly or indirectly, allow or suffer to exist any mortgage, lien, pledge, charge, security interest or other encumbrance upon or in any property or assets (including accounts and contract rights) owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (collectively, Liens) other than Permitted Liens.

9

(d) Restricted Payments and Investments. The Company shall not, and the Company shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to not, directly or indirectly, redeem, defease, repurchase, repay or make any payments in respect of, by the payment of cash or cash equivalents (in whole or in part, whether by way of open market purchases, tender offers, private transactions or otherwise), all or any portion of any Indebtedness (other than the Note and the March 2025 Note)) whether by way of payment in respect of principal of (or premium, if any) or interest on, such Indebtedness or make any Investment, as applicable, if at the time such payment with respect to such Indebtedness and/or Investment, as applicable, is due or is otherwise made or, after giving effect to such payment, (i) an event constituting an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or (ii) an event that with the passage of time and without being cured would constitute an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.

(e) Restriction on Redemption and Cash Dividends. The Company shall not, and the Company shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to not, directly or indirectly, redeem, repurchase or declare or pay any cash dividend or distribution on any of its capital stock.

(f) Restriction on Transfer of Assets. The Company shall not, and the Company shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to not, directly or indirectly, sell, lease, license, assign, transfer, spin-off, split-off, close, convey or otherwise dispose of any assets or rights of the Company or any Subsidiary owned or hereafter acquired whether in a single transaction or a series of related transactions unless the consideration from such transaction or series of transactions is sufficient to repay this Note and the March 2025 Note, other than (i) sales, leases, licenses, assignments, transfers, conveyances and other dispositions of such assets or rights by the Company and its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business consistent with its past practice and (ii) sales of inventory and product in the ordinary course of business.

(g) Maturity of Indebtedness. The Company shall not, and the Company shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to not, directly or indirectly, permit any Indebtedness of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (other than the March 2025 Note) to mature or accelerate prior to the Maturity Date.

(h) Change in Nature of Business. The Company shall not, and the Company shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to not, directly or indirectly, engage in any material line of business substantially different from those lines of business conducted by or publicly contemplated to be conducted by the Company and each of its Subsidiaries on the Issuance Date. The Company shall not, and the Company shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to not, directly or indirectly, modify its or their corporate structure or purpose.

(i) Preservation of Existence, Etc. The Company shall maintain and preserve, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain and preserve, its existence, rights and privileges, and become or remain, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to become or remain, duly qualified and in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the character of the properties owned or leased by it or in which the transaction of its business makes such qualification necessary.

10

(j) Maintenance of Properties, Etc. The Company shall maintain and preserve, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain and preserve, all of its properties which are necessary or useful in the proper conduct of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, and comply, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to comply, at all times with the provisions of all leases to which it is a party as lessee or under which it occupies property, so as to prevent any loss or forfeiture thereof or thereunder.

(k) Maintenance of Intellectual Property. The Company will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, take all action necessary or advisable to maintain all of the all trademarks, trade names, service marks, service mark registrations, service names, original works of authorship, patents, patent rights, copyrights, inventions, licenses, approvals, governmental authorizations, trade secrets and other intellectual property rights and all applications and registrations therefor of the Company and/or any of its Subsidiaries that are necessary or material to the conduct of its business in full force and effect.

(l) Maintenance of Insurance. The Company shall maintain, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain, insurance with responsible and reputable insurance companies or associations (including, without limitation, comprehensive general liability, hazard, rent and business interruption insurance) with respect to its properties (including all real properties leased or owned by it) and business, in such amounts and covering such risks as is required by any governmental authority having jurisdiction with respect thereto or as is carried generally in accordance with sound business practice by companies in similar businesses similarly situated.

(m) Transactions with Affiliates. The Company shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Subsidiaries to, enter into, renew, extend or be a party to, any transaction or series of related transactions (including, without limitation, the purchase, sale, lease, transfer or exchange of property or assets of any kind or the rendering of services of any kind) with any affiliate, except transactions in the ordinary course of business in a manner and to an extent consistent with past practice and necessary or desirable for the prudent operation of its business, for fair consideration and on terms no less favorable to it or its Subsidiaries than would be obtainable in a comparable arms length transaction with a Person that is not an affiliate thereof.

(n) Restricted Issuances. The Company shall not, directly or indirectly, without the prior written consent of the holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding, (i) issue any Notes (other than as contemplated by this Note) or (ii) issue any other securities that would cause a breach or default under the Notes.

(o) Stay, Extension and Usury Laws. To the extent that it may lawfully do so, the Company (A) agrees that it will not at any time insist upon, plead, or in any manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any stay, extension or usury law (wherever or whenever enacted or in force) that may affect the covenants or the performance of this Note; and (B) expressly waives all benefits or advantages of any such law and agrees that it will not, by resort to any such law, hinder, delay or impede the execution of any power granted to the Holder by this Note, but will suffer and permit the execution of every such power as though no such law has been enacted.

11

(p) Taxes. The Company and its Subsidiaries shall pay when due all taxes, fees or other charges of any nature whatsoever (together with any related interest or penalties) now or hereafter imposed or assessed against the Company and its Subsidiaries or their respective assets or upon their ownership, possession, use, operation or disposition thereof or upon their rents, receipts or earnings arising therefrom (except where the failure to pay would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material effect on the Company or any of its Subsidiaries). The Company and its Subsidiaries shall file on or before the due date therefor all personal property tax returns (except where the failure to file would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material effect on the Company or any of its Subsidiaries). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company and its Subsidiaries may contest, in good faith and by appropriate proceedings, taxes for which they maintain adequate reserves therefor in accordance with GAAP.

(q) Independent Investigation. At the request of the Holder either (x) at any time when an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, (y) upon the occurrence of an event that with the passage of time or giving of notice would constitute an Event of Default or (z) at any time the Holder reasonably believes an Event of Default may have occurred or be continuing, the Company shall hire an independent, reputable investment bank selected by the Company and approved by the Holder to investigate as to whether any breach of this Note has occurred (the Independent Investigator). If the Independent Investigator determines that such breach of this Note has occurred, the Independent Investigator shall notify the Company of such breach and the Company shall deliver written notice to each holder of a Note of such breach. In connection with such investigation, the Independent Investigator may, during normal business hours, inspect all contracts, books, records, personnel, offices and other facilities and properties of the Company and its Subsidiaries and, to the extent available to the Company after the Company uses reasonable efforts to obtain them, the records of its legal advisors and accountants (including the accountants work papers) and any books of account, records, reports and other papers not contractually required of the Company to be confidential or secret, or subject to attorney-client or other evidentiary privilege, and the Independent Investigator may make such copies and inspections thereof as the Independent Investigator may reasonably request. The Company shall furnish the Independent Investigator with such financial and operating data and other information with respect to the business and properties of the Company as the Independent Investigator may reasonably request. The Company shall permit the Independent Investigator to discuss the affairs, finances and accounts of the Company with, and to make proposals and furnish advice with respect thereto to, the Companys officers, directors, key employees and independent public accountants or any of them (and by this provision the Company authorizes said accountants to discuss with such Independent Investigator the finances and affairs of the Company and any Subsidiaries), all at such reasonable times, upon reasonable notice, and as often as may be reasonably requested.

12

(r) Security Interest.

(i) Grant of Security Interest. The Company hereby grants and pledges to the Holder a continuing security interest in the Collateral to secure prompt repayment of any and all amounts outstanding hereunder from time to time and to secure prompt performance by the Company of each of its covenants and duties hereunder. Such security interest shall constitute a valid and, subject only to Permitted Liens, first priority security interest in the presently existing Collateral, and will constitute a valid, and, subject only to Permitted Liens, first priority security interest in later-acquired Collateral.

(ii) Rights and Remedies. Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default and at any time thereafter, the Holder shall have the right to exercise all of the remedies conferred hereunder and under this Note, and all the rights and remedies of a secured party under the UCC. Without limitation, the Holder shall have the following rights and powers:

(1) The Holder shall have the right to take possession of the Collateral and, for that purpose, enter, with the aid and assistance of any person, any premises where the Collateral, or any part thereof, is or may be placed and remove the same, and the Company and each applicable Subsidiary (each, a Debtor or a Secured Party) shall assemble the Collateral and make it available to the Holder at places which the Holder shall reasonably select, whether at such Debtor's premises or elsewhere, and make available to the Holder, without rent, all of such Debtors respective premises and facilities for the purpose of the Holder taking possession of, removing or putting the Collateral in saleable or disposable form.

(2) Upon notice to the Debtors by Holder, all rights of each Debtor to exercise the voting and other consensual rights which it would otherwise be entitled to exercise and all rights of each Debtor to receive the dividends and interest which it would otherwise be authorized to receive and retain, shall cease. Upon such notice, Holder shall have the right to receive any interest, cash dividends or other payments on the Collateral and, at the option of Holder, to exercise in such Holders discretion all voting rights pertaining thereto. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Holder shall have the right (but not the obligation) to exercise all rights with respect to the Collateral as it were the sole and absolute owner thereof, including, without limitation, to vote and/or to exchange, at its sole discretion, any or all of the Collateral in connection with a merger, reorganization, consolidation, recapitalization or other readjustment concerning or involving the Collateral or any Debtor or any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries.

13

(3) The Holder shall have the right to operate the business of each Debtor using the Collateral and shall have the right to assign, sell, lease or otherwise dispose of and deliver all or any part of the Collateral, at public or private sale or otherwise, either with or without special conditions or stipulations, for cash or on credit or for future delivery, in such parcel or parcels and at such time or times and at such place or places, and upon such terms and conditions as the Holder may deem commercially reasonable, all without (except as shall be required by applicable statute and cannot be waived) advertisement or demand upon or notice to any Debtor or right of redemption of a Debtor, which are hereby expressly waived. Upon each such sale, lease, assignment or other transfer of Collateral, the Holder, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, may, unless prohibited by applicable law which cannot be waived, purchase all or any part of the Collateral being sold, free from and discharged of all trusts, claims, right of redemption and equities of any Debtor, which are hereby waived and released.

(4) The Holder shall have the right (but not the obligation) to notify any account debtors and any obligors under instruments or accounts to make payments directly to the Holder, and to enforce the Debtors rights against such account debtors and obligors.

(5) The Holder may (but is not obligated to) direct any financial intermediary or any other person or entity holding any investment property to transfer the same to the Holder or its designee.

(6) The Holder may (but is not obligated to) transfer any or all Intellectual Property registered in the name of any Debtor at the United States Patent and Trademark Office and/or Copyright Office into the name of the Secured Parties or any designee or any purchaser of any Collateral.

(7) The Holder shall comply with any applicable law in connection with a disposition of Collateral and such compliance will not be considered adversely to affect the commercial reasonableness of any sale of the Collateral. The Holder may sell the Collateral without giving any warranties and may specifically disclaim such warranties. If the Holder sells any of the Collateral on credit, the Debtors will only be credited with payments actually made by the purchaser. In addition, each Debtor waives any and all rights that it may have to a judicial hearing in advance of the enforcement of any of the Holders rights and remedies hereunder, including, without limitation, its right following an Event of Default to take immediate possession of the Collateral and to exercise its rights and remedies with respect thereto.

(8) For the purpose of enabling the Holder to further exercise rights and remedies under this Section 10(r) or elsewhere provided by agreement or applicable law, each Debtor hereby grants to the Holder, for the benefit of the Holder, an irrevocable, nonexclusive license (exercisable without payment of royalty or other compensation to such Debtor) to use, license or sublicense following an Event of Default, any Intellectual Property now owned or hereafter acquired by such Debtor, and wherever the same may be located, and including in such license access to all media in which any of the licensed items may be recorded or stored and to all computer software and programs used for the compilation or printout thereof.

14

(iii) Responsibility for Collateral. The Debtors assume all liabilities and responsibility in connection with all Collateral, and the obligations of the Company under this Note shall in no way be affected or diminished by reason of the loss, destruction, damage or theft of any of the Collateral or its unavailability for any reason. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (a) Holder does not (i) have any duty (either before or after an Event of Default) to collect any amounts in respect of the Collateral or to preserve any rights relating to the Collateral, or (ii) have any obligation to clean-up or otherwise prepare the Collateral for sale, and (b) each Debtor shall remain obligated and liable under each contract or agreement included in the Collateral to be observed or performed by such Debtor thereunder. The Holder shall not have any obligation or liability under any such contract or agreement by reason of or arising out of this Note or the receipt by the Holder of any payment relating to any of the Collateral, nor shall the Holder be obligated in any manner to perform any of the obligations of any Debtor under or pursuant to any such contract or agreement, to make inquiry as to the nature or sufficiency of any payment received by the Holder in respect of the Collateral or as to the sufficiency of any performance by any party under any such contract or agreement, to present or file any claim, to take any action to enforce any performance or to collect the payment of any amounts which may have been assigned to the Holder or to which the Holder may be entitled at any time or times.

(iv) Security Interests Absolute. All rights of the Holder and all obligations of the Debtors hereunder, shall be absolute and unconditional, irrespective of: (a) any lack of validity or enforceability of the Notes or any agreement entered into in connection with the foregoing, or any portion hereof or thereof; (b) any change in the time, manner or place of payment or performance of, or in any other term of, all or any of the payment obligations hereunder, or any other amendment or waiver of or any consent to any departure from the Notes or any other agreement entered into in connection with the foregoing; (c) any exchange, release or nonperfection of any of the Collateral, or any release or amendment or waiver of or consent to departure from any other collateral for, or any guarantee, or any other security, for all or any of the payment obligations hereunder; (d) any action by the Holder to obtain, adjust, settle and cancel in its sole discretion any insurance claims or matters made or arising in connection with the Collateral; or (e) any other circumstance which might otherwise constitute any legal or equitable defense available to a Debtor, or a discharge of all or any part of the security interests granted hereby. Until the Notes shall have been paid and performed in full, the rights of the Secured Parties shall continue even if any of the payment obligations hereunder are barred for any reason, including, without limitation, the running of the statute of limitations or bankruptcy. Each Debtor expressly waives presentment, protest, notice of protest, demand, notice of nonpayment and demand for performance. In the event that at any time any transfer of any Collateral or any payment received by the Secured Parties hereunder shall be deemed by final order of a court of competent jurisdiction to have been a voidable preference or fraudulent conveyance under the bankruptcy or insolvency laws of the United States, or shall be deemed to be otherwise due to any party other than the Holder, then, in any such event, each Debtors obligations hereunder shall survive cancellation of the Notes, and shall not be discharged or satisfied by any prior payment thereof and/or cancellation of the Notes, but shall remain a valid and binding obligation enforceable in accordance with the terms and provisions hereof. Each Debtor waives all right to require the Holder to proceed against any other person or entity or to apply any Collateral which the Holder may hold at any time, or to marshal assets, or to pursue any other remedy. Each Debtor waives any defense arising by reason of the application of the statute of limitations to any obligation secured hereby.

15

(v) Power of Attorney; Further Assurances.

(1) Each Debtor authorizes the Holder, and does hereby make, constitute and appoint the Holder and its officers, agents, successors or assigns with full power of substitution, as such Debtors true and lawful attorney-in-fact, with power, in the name of the Holder or such Debtor, to, after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, (i) endorse any note, checks, drafts, money orders or other instruments of payment (including payments payable under or in respect of any policy of insurance) in respect of the Collateral that may come into possession of the Holder; (ii) to sign and endorse any financing statement pursuant to the UCC or any invoice, freight or express bill, bill of lading, storage or warehouse receipts, drafts against debtors, assignments, verifications and notices in connection with accounts, and other documents relating to the Collateral; (iii) to pay or discharge taxes, liens, security interests or other encumbrances at any time levied or placed on or threatened against the Collateral; (iv) to demand, collect, receipt for, compromise, settle and sue for monies due in respect of the Collateral; (v) to transfer any Intellectual Property or provide licenses respecting any Intellectual Property; and (vi) generally, at the option of the Holder, and at the expense of the Debtors, at any time, or from time to time, to execute and deliver any and all documents and instruments and to do all acts and things which the Holder deems necessary to protect, preserve and realize upon the Collateral and the security interests granted herein in order to effect the intent of the Notes all as fully and effectually as the Debtors might or could do; and each Debtor hereby ratifies all that said attorney shall lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. This power of attorney is coupled with an interest and shall be irrevocable for the term of the Notes and thereafter as long as the Notes remains outstanding. The designation set forth herein shall be deemed to amend and supersede any inconsistent provision in the certificate of incorporation, bylaws or other documents or agreements to which any Debtor is subject or to which any Debtor is a party. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, each Secured Party is specifically authorized to execute and file any applications for or instruments of transfer and assignment of any patents, trademarks, copyrights or other Intellectual Property with the United States Patent and Trademark Office and the United States Copyright Office.

16

(2) On a continuing basis, each Debtor will make, execute, acknowledge, deliver, file and record, as the case may be, with the proper filing and recording agencies in any jurisdiction, all such instruments, and take all such action as may reasonably be deemed necessary or advisable, or as reasonably requested by the Holder, to perfect the security interests granted hereunder and otherwise to carry out the intent and purposes of the Notes, or for assuring and confirming to the Holder the grant or perfection of a perfected security interest in all the Collateral under the UCC.

(3) Each Debtor hereby irrevocably appoints the Holder as such Debtors attorney-in-fact, with full authority in the place and instead of such Debtor and in the name of such Debtor, from time to time in the Holders discretion, to take any action and to execute any instrument which the Holder may deem necessary or advisable to accomplish the purposes of the Notes, including the filing, in its sole discretion, of one or more financing or continuation statements and amendments thereto, relative to any of the Collateral without the signature of such Debtor where permitted by law, which financing statements may (but need not) describe the Collateral as all assets or all personal property or words of like import, and ratifies all such actions taken by the Holder. This power of attorney is coupled with an interest and shall be irrevocable for the term of the Notes and thereafter as long as any of the Notes remains outstanding.

(vi) Notwithstanding anything in this Section 10(r) to the contrary, at the written request of the Holder, the Debtors shall promptly negotiate with the Holder and enter into a formal security agreement with respect to the blanket lien on all assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries granted hereunder, and each of the Subsidiaries shall promptly negotiate with the Holder and enter into guarantees, in each case, in form and substance acceptable to the Holder, which shall amend and restate the terms and conditions of this Section 10(r).

11. AMENDING THE TERMS OF THIS NOTE. The prior written consent of the Company and the Holder shall be required for any amendment, modification or waiver of this Note.

12. TRANSFER. This Note may be offered, sold, assigned or transferred by the Holder without the consent of the Company.

17

13. REISSUANCE OF THIS NOTE.

(a) Transfer. If this Note is to be transferred, the Holder shall surrender this Note to the Company, whereupon the Company will forthwith issue and deliver upon the order of the Holder a new Note (in accordance with Section 13(d)), registered as the Holder may request, representing the outstanding Principal being transferred by the Holder and, if less than the entire outstanding Principal is being transferred, a new Note (in accordance with Section 13(d)) to the Holder representing the outstanding Principal not being transferred. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Note, acknowledge and agree that, following redemption of any portion of this Note, the outstanding Principal represented by this Note may be less than the Principal stated on the face of this Note.

(b) Lost, Stolen or Mutilated Note. Upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Note (as to which a written certification and the indemnification contemplated below shall suffice as such evidence), and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of any indemnification undertaking by the Holder to the Company in customary and reasonable form and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of this Note, the Company shall execute and deliver to the Holder a new Note (in accordance with Section 13(d)) representing the outstanding Principal.

(c) Note Exchangeable for Different Denominations. This Note is exchangeable, upon the surrender hereof by the Holder at the principal office of the Company, for a new Note or Notes (in accordance with Section 13(d) and in principal amounts of at least $1,000) representing in the aggregate the outstanding Principal of this Note, and each such new Note will represent such portion of such outstanding Principal as is designated by the Holder at the time of such surrender.

(d) Issuance of New Notes. Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Note pursuant to the terms of this Note, such new Note (i) shall be of like tenor with this Note, (ii) shall represent, as indicated on the face of such new Note, the Principal remaining outstanding (or in the case of a new Note being issued pursuant to Section 13(a) or Section 13(c), the Principal designated by the Holder which, when added to the principal represented by the other new Notes issued in connection with such issuance, does not exceed the Principal remaining outstanding under this Note immediately prior to such issuance of new Notes), (iii) shall have an issuance date, as indicated on the face of such new Note, which is the same as the Issuance Date of this Note, (iv) shall have the same rights and conditions as this Note, and (v) shall represent accrued and unpaid Interest and Late Charges on the Principal and Interest of this Note, from the Issuance Date.

18

14. REMEDIES, CHARACTERIZATIONS, OTHER OBLIGATIONS, BREACHES AND INJUNCTIVE RELIEF. The remedies provided in this Note shall be cumulative and in addition to all other remedies available under this Note and any of the other Transaction Documents at law or in equity (including a decree of specific performance and/or other injunctive relief), and nothing herein shall limit the Holders right to pursue actual and consequential damages for any failure by the Company to comply with the terms of this Note. No failure on the part of the Holder to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right, power or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise by the Holder of any right, power or remedy preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy. In addition, the exercise of any right or remedy of the Holder at law or equity or under this Note or any of the documents shall not be deemed to be an election of Holders rights or remedies under such documents or at law or equity. The Company covenants to the Holder that there shall be no characterization concerning this instrument other than as expressly provided herein. Amounts set forth or provided for herein with respect to payments, redemptions and the like (and the computation thereof) shall be the amounts to be received by the Holder and shall not, except as expressly provided herein, be subject to any other obligation of the Company (or the performance thereof). No failure on the part of the Holder to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right, power or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise by the Holder of any right, power or remedy preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy. In addition, the exercise of any right or remedy of the Holder at law or equity or under this Note or any other document shall not be deemed to be an election of the Holders rights or remedies under any such other document or at law or equity. The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder and that the remedy at law for any such breach may be inadequate. The Company therefore agrees that, in the event of any such breach or threatened breach, the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to specific performance and/or temporary, preliminary and permanent injunctive or other equitable relief from any court of competent jurisdiction in any such case without the necessity of proving actual damages and without posting a bond or other security. The Company shall provide all information and documentation to the Holder that is requested by the Holder to enable the Holder to confirm the Companys compliance with the terms and conditions of this Note.

15. PAYMENT OF COLLECTION, ENFORCEMENT AND OTHER COSTS. If (a) this Note is placed in the hands of an attorney for collection or enforcement or is collected or enforced through any legal proceeding or the Holder otherwise takes action to collect amounts due under this Note or to enforce the provisions of this Note or (b) there occurs any bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership of the Company or other proceedings affecting Company creditors rights and involving a claim under this Note, then the Company shall pay the costs incurred by the Holder for such collection, enforcement or action or in connection with such bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership or other proceeding, including, without limitation, attorneys fees and disbursements. The Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that no amounts due under this Note shall be affected, or limited, by the fact that the purchase price paid for this Note was less than the original Principal amount hereof.

16. CONSTRUCTION; HEADINGS. This Note shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and the initial Holder and shall not be construed against any such Person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Note are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this Note. Unless the context clearly indicates otherwise, each pronoun herein shall be deemed to include the masculine, feminine, neuter, singular and plural forms thereof. The terms including, includes, include and words of like import shall be construed broadly as if followed by the words without limitation. The terms herein, hereunder, hereof and words of like import refer to this entire Note instead of just the provision in which they are found. Unless expressly indicated otherwise, all section references are to sections of this Note. Terms used in this Note and not otherwise defined herein, but defined in the other Transaction Documents, shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms on the Closing Date in such other Transaction Documents unless otherwise consented to in writing by the Holder.

19

17. FAILURE OR INDULGENCE NOT WAIVER. No failure or delay on the part of the Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privilege. No waiver shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by an authorized representative of the waiving party.

18. DISPUTE RESOLUTION.

(a) Submission to Dispute Resolution.

(i) In the case of a dispute relating to a fair market value or the arithmetic calculation of the applicable Redemption Price (as the case may be) (including, without limitation, a dispute relating to the determination of any of the foregoing), the Company or the Holder (as the case may be) shall submit the dispute to the other party via facsimile or electronic mail (A) if by the Company, within two (2) Business Days after the occurrence of the circumstances giving rise to such dispute or (B) if by the Holder at any time after the Holder learned of the circumstances giving rise to such dispute. If the Holder and the Company are unable to promptly resolve such dispute relating to such fair market value, or the arithmetic calculation of such applicable Redemption Price (as the case may be), at any time after the second (2nd) Business Day following such initial notice by the Company or the Holder (as the case may be) of such dispute to the Company or the Holder (as the case may be), then the Holder may, at its sole option, select an independent, reputable investment bank to resolve such dispute.

(ii) The Holder and the Company shall each deliver to such investment bank (A) a copy of the initial dispute submission so delivered in accordance with the first sentence of this Section 18 and (B) written documentation supporting its position with respect to such dispute, in each case, no later than 5:00 p.m. (New York time) by the fifth (5th) Business Day immediately following the date on which the Holder selected such investment bank (the Dispute Submission Deadline) (the documents referred to in the immediately preceding clauses (A) and (B) are collectively referred to herein as the Required Dispute Documentation) (it being understood and agreed that if either the Holder or the Company fails to so deliver all of the Required Dispute Documentation by the Dispute Submission Deadline, then the party who fails to so submit all of the Required Dispute Documentation shall no longer be entitled to (and hereby waives its right to) deliver or submit any written documentation or other support to such investment bank with respect to such dispute and such investment bank shall resolve such dispute based solely on the Required Dispute Documentation that was delivered to such investment bank prior to the Dispute Submission Deadline). Unless otherwise agreed to in writing by both the Company and the Holder or otherwise requested by such investment bank, neither the Company nor the Holder shall be entitled to deliver or submit any written documentation or other support to such investment bank in connection with such dispute (other than the Required Dispute Documentation).

20

(iii) The Company and the Holder shall cause such investment bank to determine the resolution of such dispute and notify the Company and the Holder of such resolution no later than ten (10) Business Days immediately following the Dispute Submission Deadline. The fees and expenses of such investment bank shall be borne solely by the Company, and such investment banks resolution of such dispute shall be final and binding upon all parties absent manifest error.

(b) Miscellaneous. The Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) this Section 18 constitutes an agreement to arbitrate between the Company and the Holder (and constitutes an arbitration agreement) under the Delaware Uniform Arbitration Act, as amended, (ii) the terms of this Note and each other applicable Transaction Document shall serve as the basis for the selected investment banks resolution of the applicable dispute, such investment bank shall be entitled (and is hereby expressly authorized) to make all findings, determinations and the like that such investment bank determines are required to be made by such investment bank in connection with its resolution of such dispute and in resolving such dispute such investment bank shall apply such findings, determinations and the like to the terms of this Note and any other applicable Transaction Documents, (iii) the Holder (and only the Holder), in its sole discretion, shall have the right to submit any dispute described in this Section 18 to any state or federal court sitting in Wilmington, Delaware in lieu of utilizing the procedures set forth in this Section 18 and (iv) nothing in this Section 18 shall limit the Holder from obtaining any injunctive relief or other equitable remedies (including, without limitation, with respect to any matters described in this Section 18).

19. NOTICES; CURRENCY; PAYMENTS.

(a) Notices. Any notices, consents, waivers or other communications required or permitted to be given under the terms of this Note must be in writing and will be deemed to have been delivered: (i) upon receipt, when delivered personally; (ii) upon receipt, when sent by electronic mail (provided that such sent email is kept on file (whether electronically or otherwise) by the sending party and the sending party does not receive an automatically generated message from the recipients email server that such e-mail could not be delivered to such recipient); or (iii) one (1) Business Day after deposit with an overnight courier service with next day delivery specified, in each case, properly addressed to the party to receive the same. The mailing addresses and e-mail addresses for such communications shall be:

If to the Company:

Windtree Therapeutics, Inc.

2600 Kelly Road, Suite 100

Warrington, PA, 18976

Telephone: (215) 488-9300

Attention: Chief Executive Officer

E-Mail: [***]

21

With a copy (for informational purposes only) to:

Thompson Hine LLP

300 Madison Avenue

27th Floor

New York, New York 10017

Attn: Faith L. Charles

Email: [***]

If to the Holder:

[_________________]

[_________________]

[_________________]

Attention: [_________________]

E-Mail: [_________________]

With a copy (for informational purposes only) to:

[_________________]

[_________________]

[_________________]

[_________________]

Telephone: [_________________]

Attention: [_________________]

E-Mail: [_________________]

or to such other mailing address and/or e-mail address and/or to the attention of such other Person as the recipient party has specified by written notice given to each other party five (5) days prior to the effectiveness of such change. Written confirmation of receipt (A) given by the recipient of such notice, consent, waiver or other communication, (B) mechanically or electronically generated by the senders e-mail containing the time, date and recipients e-mail or (C) provided by an overnight courier service shall be rebuttable evidence of personal service, receipt by e-mail or receipt from an overnight courier service in accordance with clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above, respectively.

(b) Currency. All dollar amounts referred to in this Note are in United States Dollars (U.S. Dollars), and all amounts owing under this Note shall be paid in U.S. Dollars. All amounts denominated in other currencies (if any) shall be converted into the U.S. Dollar equivalent amount in accordance with the Exchange Rate on the date of calculation. Exchange Ratemeans, in relation to any amount of currency to be converted into U.S. Dollars pursuant to this Note, the U.S. Dollar exchange rate as published in the Wall Street Journal on the relevant date of calculation (it being understood and agreed that where an amount is calculated with reference to, or over, a period of time, the date of calculation shall be the final date of such period of time).

22

(c) Payments. Whenever any payment of cash is to be made by the Company to any Person pursuant to this Note, unless otherwise expressly set forth herein, such payment shall be made in lawful money of the United States of America by a certified check drawn on the account of the Company and sent via overnight courier service to such Person at such address as previously provided to the Company in writing, provided that the Holder may elect to receive a payment of cash via wire transfer of immediately available funds by providing the Company with prior written notice setting out such request and the Holders wire transfer instructions. Whenever any amount expressed to be due by the terms of this Note is due on any day which is not a Business Day, the same shall instead be due on the next succeeding day which is a Business Day. Any amount of Principal or other amounts due under the Transaction Documents which is not paid when due shall result in a late charge being incurred and payable by the Company in an amount equal to interest on such amount at the rate of eighteen percent (18%) per annum from the date such amount was due until the same is paid in full (Late Charge).

20. CANCELLATION. After all Principal, accrued Interest, Late Charges and other amounts at any time owed on this Note have been paid in full, this Note shall automatically be deemed canceled, shall be surrendered to the Company for cancellation and shall not be reissued.

21. WAIVER OF NOTICE. To the extent permitted by law, the Company hereby irrevocably waives demand, notice, presentment, protest and all other demands and notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default or enforcement of this Note.

22. GOVERNING LAW. This Note shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and all questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and performance of this Note shall be governed by, the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to any provision or rule (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of Delaware. Except as otherwise required by Section 18 above, the Company hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in Wilmington, Delaware, for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. Nothing contained herein (i) shall be deemed or operate to preclude the Holder from bringing suit or taking other legal action against the Company in any other jurisdiction to collect on the Companys obligations to the Holder, to realize on any collateral or any other security for such obligations, or to enforce a judgment or other court ruling in favor of the Holder or (ii) shall limit, or shall be deemed or construed to limit, any provision of Section 18. THE COMPANY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS NOTE OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

23

23. JUDGMENT CURRENCY.

(a) If for the purpose of obtaining or enforcing judgment against the Company in any court in any jurisdiction it becomes necessary to convert into any other currency (such other currency being hereinafter in this Section 23 referred to as the Judgment Currency) an amount due in U.S. dollars under this Note, the conversion shall be made at the Exchange Rate prevailing on the Business Day immediately preceding:

(i) the date actual payment of the amount due, in the case of any proceeding in the courts of New York or in the courts of any other jurisdiction that will give effect to such conversion being made on such date: or

(ii) the date on which the foreign court determines, in the case of any proceeding in the courts of any other jurisdiction (the date as of which such conversion is made pursuant to this Section 23(a)(ii) being hereinafter referred to as the Judgment Conversion Date).

(b) If in the case of any proceeding in the court of any jurisdiction referred to in Section 23(a)(ii) above, there is a change in the Exchange Rate prevailing between the Judgment Conversion Date and the date of actual payment of the amount due, the applicable party shall pay such adjusted amount as may be necessary to ensure that the amount paid in the Judgment Currency, when converted at the Exchange Rate prevailing on the date of payment, will produce the amount of US dollars which could have been purchased with the amount of Judgment Currency stipulated in the judgment or judicial order at the Exchange Rate prevailing on the Judgment Conversion Date.

(c) Any amount due from the Company under this provision shall be due as a separate debt and shall not be affected by judgment being obtained for any other amounts due under or in respect of this Note.

24. SEVERABILITY. If any provision of this Note is prohibited by law or otherwise determined to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the provision that would otherwise be prohibited, invalid or unenforceable shall be deemed amended to apply to the broadest extent that it would be valid and enforceable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Note so long as this Note as so modified continues to express, without material change, the original intentions of the parties as to the subject matter hereof and the prohibited nature, invalidity or unenforceability of the provision(s) in question does not substantially impair the respective expectations or reciprocal obligations of the parties or the practical realization of the benefits that would otherwise be conferred upon the parties. The parties will endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the prohibited, invalid or unenforceable provision(s) with a valid provision(s), the effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the prohibited, invalid or unenforceable provision(s).

24

25. DISCLOSURE. Disclosure of Transaction and Other Material Information. The Company shall, on or before 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on or prior to the first (1st) Business Day after the date of this Note, file a Current Report on Form 8-K describing the terms of the transactions contemplated hereby in the form required by the 1934 Act and attaching the form of Note, to the extent they are required to be filed under the 1934 Act, that have not previously been filed with the SEC by the Company as exhibits to such filing (including all attachments, the 8-K Filing). From and after the filing of the 8-K Filing, the Company shall have disclosed all material, non-public information (if any) provided up to such time to the Holder by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, employees or agents. In addition, effective upon the filing of the 8-K Filing, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under this Note or as otherwise disclosed in the 8-K Filing, whether written or oral, between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, affiliates, employees or agents, on the one hand, and any of the Holder or any of their affiliates, on the other hand, shall terminate. The Company shall not, and the Company shall cause each of its Subsidiaries and each of its and their respective officers, directors, employees and agents not to, provide the Holder with any material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries from and after the date hereof without the express prior written consent of the Holder (which may be granted or withheld in the Holders sole discretion). To the extent that the Company delivers any material, non-public information to the Holder without the Holders consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that the Holder shall not have any duty of confidentiality with respect to, or a duty not to trade on the basis of, such material, non-public information. Neither the Company, its Subsidiaries nor the Holder shall issue any press releases or any other public statements with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby; provided, however, the Company shall be entitled, without the prior approval of the Holder, to make a press release or other public disclosure with respect to such transactions (i) in substantial conformity with the 8-K Filing and contemporaneously therewith or (ii) as is required by applicable law and regulations (provided that in the case of clause (i) the Holder shall be consulted by the Company in connection with any such press release or other public disclosure prior to its release). Without the prior written consent of the Holder (which may be granted or withheld in the Holders sole discretion), except as required by applicable law, the Company shall not (and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries and affiliates to not) disclose the name of the Holder in any filing, announcement, release or otherwise (other than in the exhibit of this Note attached to the 8-K Filing). Notwithstanding anything contained in this Note to the contrary and without implication that the contrary would otherwise be true, the Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that the Holder shall not have (unless expressly agreed to by the Holder after the date hereof in a written definitive and binding agreement executed by the Company and the Holder), any duty of confidentiality with respect to, or a duty not to trade on the basis of, any material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

26. MAXIMUM PAYMENTS. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to establish or require the payment of a rate of interest or other charges in excess of the maximum permitted by applicable law. In the event that the rate of interest required to be paid or other charges hereunder exceed the maximum permitted by such law, any payments in excess of such maximum shall be credited against amounts owed by the Company to the Holder and thus refunded to the Company.

27. EXCHANGE RIGHT. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if the Company or any of its Subsidiaries consummates (or enters into any agreement to consummate) any Subsequent Placement (other than with respect to Excluded Securities), and the Holder elects in writing to the Company to participate in such Subsequent Placement, the Holder may, at the option of the Holder as elected in writing to the Company, exchange all, or any part, of this Note into the securities in such Subsequent Placement (with the aggregate amount of such securities to be issued in such exchange equal to such aggregate amount of such securities with a purchase price valued at 120% of the Outstanding Amount of this Note delivered by such Holder in exchange therefor).

25

28. CERTAIN DEFINITIONS. Terms used but not otherwise defined in this Note that are defined in Article 9 of the UCC (such as account, chattel paper, commercial tort claim, deposit account, document, equipment, fixtures, general intangibles, goods, instruments, inventory, investment property, letter-of-credit rights, proceeds and supporting obligations) shall have the respective meanings given such terms in Article 9 of the UCC.) For purposes of this Note, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

(a) 1933 Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder.

(b) Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such Person, it being understood for purposes of this definition that control of a Person means the power directly or indirectly either to vote 10% or more of the stock having ordinary voting power for the election of directors of such Person or direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person whether by contract or otherwise.

(c) Approved Stock Plan means any employee benefit plan which has been approved by the board of directors of the Company prior to or subsequent to the date hereof pursuant to which shares of Common Stock and standard options to purchase Common Stock may be issued to any employee, officer or director for services provided to the Company in their capacity as such.

(d) Bloomberg means Bloomberg, L.P.

(e) Business Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York generally are open for use by customers on such day.

(f) Change of Control means any Fundamental Transaction other than (i) any merger of the Company or any of its, direct or indirect, wholly-owned Subsidiaries with or into any of the foregoing Persons, (ii) any reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification of the shares of Common Stock in which holders of the Companys voting power immediately prior to such reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification continue after such reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification to hold publicly traded securities and, directly or indirectly, are, in all material respects, the holders of the voting power of the surviving entity (or entities with the authority or voting power to elect the members of the board of directors (or their equivalent if other than a corporation) of such entity or entities) after such reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification, or (iii) pursuant to a migratory merger effected solely for the purpose of changing the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(g) Closing Date shall mean the Issuance Date.

26

(h) Collateral means the collateral in which the Debtors are granted a security interest by the Notes and which shall include the following personal property of the Debtors, whether presently owned or existing or hereafter acquired or coming into existence, wherever situated, and all additions and accessions thereto and all substitutions and replacements thereof, and all proceeds, products and accounts thereof, including, without limitation, all proceeds from the sale or transfer of the Collateral and of insurance covering the same and of any tort claims in connection therewith, and all dividends, interest, cash, notes, securities, equity interest or other property at any time and from time to time acquired, receivable or otherwise distributed in respect of, or in exchange for, any or all of the capital stock and other equity interests of the Company and its Subsidiaries (collectively, the Pledged Securities):

(i) All goods, including, without limitation, (A) all machinery, equipment, computers, motor vehicles, trucks, tanks, boats, ships, appliances, furniture, special and general tools, fixtures, test and quality control devices and other equipment of every kind and nature and wherever situated, together with all documents of title and documents representing the same, all additions and accessions thereto, replacements therefor, all parts therefor, and all substitutes for any of the foregoing and all other items used and useful in connection with any Debtors businesses and all improvements thereto; and (B) all inventory;

(ii) All contract rights and other general intangibles, including, without limitation, all partnership interests, membership interests, stock or other securities, rights under any of the certificate of incorporation, bylaws or other organizations documents or any agreements related to the Pledged Securities, licenses, distribution and other agreements, computer software (whether off-the-shelf, licensed from any third party or developed by any Debtor), computer software development rights, leases, franchises, customer lists, quality control procedures, grants and rights, goodwill, Intellectual Property and income tax refunds;

(iii) All accounts, together with all instruments, all documents of title representing any of the foregoing, all rights in any merchandising, goods, equipment, motor vehicles and trucks which any of the same may represent, and all right, title, security and guaranties with respect to each account, including any right of stoppage in transit;

(iv) All documents, letter-of-credit rights, instruments and chattel paper;

(v) All commercial tort claims;

27

(vi) All deposit accounts and all cash (whether or not deposited in such deposit accounts);

(vii) All investment property;

(viii) All supporting obligations; and

(ix) All files, records, books of account, business papers, and computer programs; and

(x) the products and proceeds of all of the foregoing Collateral set forth in clauses (i)-(ix) above.

Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Collateral shall include all investment property and general intangibles respecting ownership and/or other equity interests in each Debtor, and any other shares of capital stock and/or other equity interests of any other direct or indirect subsidiary of any Debtor obtained in the future, and, in each case, all certificates representing such shares and/or equity interests and, in each case, all rights, options, warrants, stock, other securities and/or equity interests that may hereafter be received, receivable or distributed in respect of, or exchanged for, any of the foregoing and all rights arising under or in connection with the Pledged Securities, including, but not limited to, all dividends, interest and cash.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall be deemed to constitute an assignment of any asset which, in the event of an assignment, becomes void by operation of applicable law or the assignment of which is otherwise prohibited by applicable law (in each case to the extent that such applicable law is not overridden by Sections 9-406, 9-407 and/or 9-408 of the UCC or other similar applicable law); provided, however, that to the extent permitted by applicable law, the Notes shall create a valid security interest in such asset and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, the Notes shall create a valid security interest in the proceeds of such asset.

(i) Common Stock means (x) the Companys shares of common stock, $0.001 par value per share, and (y) any capital stock into which such common stock shall have been changed or any share capital resulting from a reclassification of such common stock.

(j) Contingent Obligation means, as to any Person, any direct or indirect liability, contingent or otherwise, of that Person with respect to any Indebtedness, lease, dividend or other obligation of another Person if the primary purpose or intent of the Person incurring such liability, or the primary effect thereof, is to provide assurance to the obligee of such liability that such liability will be paid or discharged, or that any agreements relating thereto will be complied with, or that the holders of such liability will be protected (in whole or in part) against loss with respect thereto.

28

(k) Convertible Securities means any capital stock or other security of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that is at any time and under any circumstances directly or indirectly convertible into, exercisable or exchangeable for, or which otherwise entitles the holder thereof to acquire, any capital stock or other security of the Company (including, without limitation, Common Stock) or any of its Subsidiaries.

(l) Eligible Market means The New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market or the Nasdaq Global Select Market.

(m) Excluded Securities means (i) shares of Common Stock or standard options to purchase Common Stock to directors, officers or employees of the Company in their capacity as such pursuant to an Approved Stock Plan, provided that (1) all such issuances (taking into account the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of such options) after the date hereof pursuant to this clause (i) do not, in the aggregate, exceed more than 5% of the Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the date hereof and (2) the exercise price of any such options is not lowered, none of such options are amended to increase the number of shares issuable thereunder and none of the terms or conditions of any such options are otherwise materially changed in any manner that adversely affects any of the holders of Notes; (ii) shares of Common Stock issued upon the conversion or exercise of Convertible Securities (other than standard options to purchase Common Stock issued pursuant to an Approved Stock Plan that are covered by clause (i) above) issued prior to the date hereof, provided that the conversion, exercise or other method of issuance (as the case may be) of any such Convertible Security is made solely pursuant to the conversion, exercise or other method of issuance (as the case may be) provisions of such Convertible Security that were in effect on the date immediately prior to the date of this Note, the conversion, exercise or issuance price of any such Convertible Securities (other than standard options to purchase Common Stock issued pursuant to an Approved Stock Plan that are covered by clause (i) above) is not lowered, none of such Convertible Securities (other than standard options to purchase Common Stock issued pursuant to an Approved Stock Plan that are covered by clause (i) above) are amended to increase the number of shares issuable thereunder and none of the terms or conditions of any such Convertible Securities (other than standard options to purchase Common Stock issued pursuant to an Approved Stock Plan that are covered by clause (i) above) are otherwise materially changed in any manner that adversely affects any of the Holders of Notes;

29

(n) Fundamental Transaction means (A) that the Company shall, directly or indirectly, including through subsidiaries, Affiliates or otherwise, in one or more related transactions, (i) consolidate or merge with or into (whether or not the Company is the surviving corporation) another Subject Entity, or (ii) sell, assign, transfer, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of the properties or assets of the Company or any of its significant subsidiaries (as defined in Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X) to one or more Subject Entities, or (iii) make, or allow one or more Subject Entities to make, or allow the Company to be subject to or have its Common Stock be subject to or party to one or more Subject Entities making, a purchase, tender or exchange offer that is accepted by the holders of at least either (x) 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, (y) 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock calculated as if any shares of Common Stock held by all Subject Entities making or party to, or Affiliated with any Subject Entities making or party to, such purchase, tender or exchange offer were not outstanding; or (z) such number of shares of Common Stock such that all Subject Entities making or party to, or Affiliated with any Subject Entity making or party to, such purchase, tender or exchange offer, become collectively the beneficial owners (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the 1934 Act) of at least 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, or (iv) consummate a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with one or more Subject Entities whereby all such Subject Entities, individually or in the aggregate, acquire in any transaction or series or related transactions, either (x) at least 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, (y) at least 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock calculated as if any shares of Common Stock held by all the Subject Entities making or party to, or Affiliated with any Subject Entity making or party to, such stock purchase agreement or other business combination were not outstanding; or (z) such number of shares of Common Stock such that the Subject Entities become collectively the beneficial owners (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the 1934 Act) of at least 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, or (v) reorganize, recapitalize or reclassify its Common Stock, (B) that the Company shall, directly or indirectly, including through subsidiaries, Affiliates or otherwise, in one or more related transactions, allow any Subject Entity individually or the Subject Entities in the aggregate to be or become the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the 1934 Act), directly or indirectly, whether through acquisition, purchase, assignment, conveyance, tender, tender offer, exchange, reduction in outstanding shares of Common Stock, merger, consolidation, business combination, reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, scheme of arrangement, reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification or otherwise in any manner whatsoever, of either (x) at least 50% of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by issued and outstanding Common Stock, (y) at least 50% of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by issued and outstanding Common Stock not held by all such Subject Entities as of the date of this Note calculated as if any shares of Common Stock held by all such Subject Entities were not outstanding, or (z) a percentage of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock or other equity securities of the Company sufficient to allow such Subject Entities to effect a statutory short form merger or other transaction requiring other stockholders of the Company to surrender their shares of Common Stock without approval of the stockholders of the Company or (C) directly or indirectly, including through subsidiaries, Affiliates or otherwise, in one or more related transactions, the issuance of or the entering into any other instrument or transaction structured in a manner to circumvent, or that circumvents, the intent of this definition in which case this definition shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this definition to the extent necessary to correct this definition or any portion of this definition which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended treatment of such instrument or transaction.

(o) GAAP means United States generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied.

30

(p) Group means a group as that term is used in Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act and as defined in Rule 13d-5 thereunder.

(q) Holder Pro Rata Amount means a fraction (i) the numerator of which is the original Principal amount of this Note on the Closing Date and (ii) the denominator of which is the aggregate original principal amount of all Notes issued on or about the Closing Date.

(r) Indebtedness of any Person means, without duplication (A) all indebtedness for borrowed money, (B) all obligations issued, undertaken or assumed as the deferred purchase price of property or services (including, without limitation, capital leases in accordance with GAAP) (other than trade payables entered into in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice), (C) all reimbursement or payment obligations with respect to letters of credit, surety bonds and other similar instruments, (D) all obligations evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or similar instruments, including obligations so evidenced incurred in connection with the acquisition of property, assets or businesses, (E) all indebtedness created or arising under any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, or incurred as financing, in either case with respect to any property or assets acquired with the proceeds of such indebtedness (even though the rights and remedies of the seller or bank under such agreement in the event of default are limited to repossession or sale of such property), (F) all monetary obligations under any leasing or similar arrangement which, in connection with GAAP, consistently applied for the periods covered thereby, is classified as a capital lease, (G) all indebtedness referred to in clauses (A) through (F) above secured by (or for which the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien upon or in any property or assets (including accounts and contract rights) owned by any Person, even though the Person which owns such assets or property has not assumed or become liable for the payment of such indebtedness, and (H) all Contingent Obligations in respect of indebtedness or obligations of others of the kinds referred to in clauses (A) through (G) above.

(s) Intellectual Property means the collective reference to all rights, priorities and privileges relating to intellectual property, whether arising under United States, multinational or foreign laws or otherwise, including, without limitation, (i) all copyrights arising under the laws of the United States, any other country or any political subdivision thereof, whether registered or unregistered and whether published or unpublished, all registrations and recordings thereof, and all applications in connection therewith, including, without limitation, all registrations, recordings and applications in the United States Copyright Office, (ii) all letters patent of the United States, any other country or any political subdivision thereof, all reissues and extensions thereof, and all applications for letters patent of the United States or any other country and all divisions, continuations and continuations-in-part thereof, (iii) all trademarks, trade names, corporate names, company names, business names, fictitious business names, trade dress, service marks, logos, domain names and other source or business identifiers, and all goodwill associated therewith, now existing or hereafter adopted or acquired, all registrations and recordings thereof, and all applications in connection therewith, whether in the United States Patent and Trademark Office or in any similar office or agency of the United States, any State thereof or any other country or any political subdivision thereof, or otherwise, and all common law rights related thereto, (iv) all trade secrets arising under the laws of the United States, any other country or any political subdivision thereof, (v) all rights to obtain any reissues, renewals or extensions of the foregoing, (vi) all licenses for any of the foregoing, and (vii) all causes of action for infringement of the foregoing.

31

(t) Interest Date means, with respect to any given calendar month, the first Business Day of such calendar month.

(u) InterestRate means ten percent (10%) per annum, as may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with Section 2.

(v) Investment means any beneficial ownership (including stock, partnership or limited liability company interests) of or in any Person, or any loan, advance or capital contribution to any Person or the acquisition of all, or substantially all, of the assets of another Person or the purchase of any assets of another Person for greater than the fair market value of such assets.

(w) March 2025 Note means that certain Senior Secured Note, dated as of [_________________], issued to [_________________] in the aggregate original principal amount of $[_________________], as in effect as of the Issuance Date.

(x) Material Adverse Effect means any material adverse effect on (i) the business, properties, assets, liabilities, operations (including results thereof), condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects of the Company or any Subsidiary, individually or taken as a whole, (ii) the transactions contemplated hereby or (iii) the authority or ability of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to perform any of their respective obligations under this Note.

(y) MaturityDate shall mean March 18, 2026; provided, however, the Maturity Date may be extended at the option of the Holder (i) in the event that, and for so long as, an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or any event shall have occurred and be continuing that with the passage of time and the failure to cure would result in an Event of Default or (ii) through the date that is twenty (20) Business Days after the consummation of a Fundamental Transaction in the event that a Fundamental Transaction is publicly announced or an Event of Default Redemption Notice is delivered prior to the Maturity Date.

(z) Outstanding Amount means the sum of (A) the portion of the Principal to be redeemed or otherwise with respect to which this determination is being made, (B) accrued and unpaid Interest with respect to such Principal and (C) accrued and unpaid Late Charges with respect to such Principal and Interest.

(aa) Parent Entity of a Person means an entity that, directly or indirectly, controls the applicable Person and whose common stock or equivalent equity security is quoted or listed on an Eligible Market, or, if there is more than one such Person or Parent Entity, the Person or Parent Entity with the largest public market capitalization as of the date of consummation of the Fundamental Transaction.

32

(bb) Permitted Indebtedness means (i) Indebtedness evidenced by this Note and the Other Notes, (ii) Indebtedness set forth on Schedule 28(r) attached hereto, (iii) the March 2025 Note and (iv) Indebtedness secured by Permitted Liens or unsecured but as described in clauses (iv) and (v) of the definition of Permitted Liens.

(cc) Permitted Liens means (i) any Lien for taxes not yet due or delinquent or being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings for which adequate reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP, (ii) any statutory Lien arising in the ordinary course of business by operation of law with respect to a liability that is not yet due or delinquent, (iii) any Lien created by operation of law, such as materialmens liens, mechanics liens and other similar liens, arising in the ordinary course of business with respect to a liability that is not yet due or delinquent or that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, (iv) Liens (A) upon or in any equipment acquired or held by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to secure the purchase price of such equipment or Indebtedness incurred solely for the purpose of financing the acquisition or lease of such equipment, or (B) existing on such equipment at the time of its acquisition, provided that the Lien is confined solely to the property so acquired and improvements thereon, and the proceeds of such equipment, in either case, with respect to Indebtedness in an aggregate amount not to exceed $100,000, (v) Liens incurred in connection with the extension, renewal or refinancing of the Indebtedness secured by Liens of the type described in clause (iv) above, provided that any extension, renewal or replacement Lien shall be limited to the property encumbered by the existing Lien and the principal amount of the Indebtedness being extended, renewed or refinanced does not increase, (vi) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payments of custom duties in connection with the importation of goods, (vii) Liens arising from judgments, decrees or attachments in circumstances not constituting an Event of Default under Section 3(a)(vii), and (viii) Liens with respect to the March 2025 Note.

(dd) Person means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization, any other entity or a government or any department or agency thereof.

(ee) Principal Market means the Nasdaq Capital Market.

(ff) Redemption Notices means, collectively, the Event of Default Redemption Notices, the Equity Line Mandatory Redemption Notices and the Company Optional Redemption Notices, and each of the foregoing, individually, a Redemption Notice.

(gg) Redemption Premium means 125%.

(hh) Redemption Prices means, collectively, Event of Default Redemption Prices, the Equity Line Mandatory Redemption Prices and the Company Optional Redemption Prices, and each of the foregoing, individually, a Redemption Price.

(ii) SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or the successor thereto.

33

(jj) Subsequent Placementmeans any direct, or indirect, issuance, offer, sale, grant of any option or right to purchase, or otherwise disposal of (or announcement of any issuance, offer, sale, grant of any option or right to purchase or other disposition of) any equity security or any equity-linked or related security (including, without limitation, any equity security (as that term is defined under Rule 405 promulgated under the 1933 Act), any Convertible Securities, any debt, any preferred stock or any purchase rights) by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(kk) Subsidiaries means any Person in which the Company, directly or indirectly, (I) owns any of the outstanding capital stock or holds any equity or similar interest of such Person or (II) controls or operates all or any part of the business, operations or administration of such Person, and each of the foregoing, is individually referred to herein as a Subsidiary.

(ll) Subject Entity means any Person, Persons or Group or any Affiliate or associate of any such Person, Persons or Group.

(mm) Successor Entity means the Person (or, if so elected by the Holder, the Parent Entity) formed by, resulting from or surviving any Fundamental Transaction or the Person (or, if so elected by the Holder, the Parent Entity) with which such Fundamental Transaction shall have been entered into.

(nn) UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code of the State of Delaware and or any other applicable law of any state or states which has jurisdiction with respect to all, or any portion of, the Collateral or the Notes, from time to time. It is the intent of the parties that defined terms in the UCC should be construed in their broadest sense so that the term Collateral will be construed in its broadest sense. Accordingly if there are, from time to time, changes to defined terms in the UCC that broaden the definitions, they are incorporated herein and if existing definitions in the UCC are broader than the amended definitions, the existing ones shall be controlling.

29. No MNPI. Nothing in this Note constitutes material non-public information and the Company has previously disclosed all material, non-public information (if any) provided to the Holder by the Company or any of their respective officers, directors, employees or agents in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby. The Company acknowledges and agrees that no confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement, whether written or oral, between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, employees or agents, on the one hand, and the Holder or any of its affiliates, on the other hand, relating to the transactions contemplated hereby, exists as of the date hereof. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Note to the contrary and without implication that the contrary would otherwise be true, the Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that the Holder shall not have (unless expressly agreed to by the Holder after the date hereof in a written definitive and binding agreement executed by the Company and the Holder), any duty of confidentiality with respect to any material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

34

30. ABSENCE OF TRADING AND DISCLOSURE RESTRICTIONS. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Holder is not a fiduciary or agent of the Company and that the Holder shall have no obligation to (a) maintain the confidentiality of any information provided by the Company or (b) refrain from trading any securities while in possession of such information in the absence of a written non-disclosure agreement signed by an officer of the Holder that explicitly provides for such confidentiality and trading restrictions. In the absence of such an executed, written non-disclosure agreement, the Company acknowledges that the Holder may freely trade in any securities issued by the Company, may possess and use any information provided by the Company in connection with such trading activity, and may disclose any such information to any third party.

[signature page follows]

35

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Note to be duly executed as of the Issuance Date set out above.

COMPANY, on behalf of itself and each of its Subsidiaries: 

WINDTREE THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

By: 

Name:Jed Latkin 

Title: CEO 

Agreed and Accepted as of this [_________________], 2025

by:

HOLDER:

[_________________]

By: 

Name: [_________________]

Title: [_________________]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex_793526.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.2
<TEXT>
ex_793526.htm

Exhibit 99.2

Windtree Therapeutics Regains Compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rules

WARRINGTON, PA March 24, 2025 Windtree Therapeutics, Inc. (Windtree or the Company) (NasdaqCM: WINT), a biotechnology company focused on becoming a revenue generating biotech and advancing early and late-stage innovative therapies for critical conditions and diseases, today announced that the Company received notice from The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq) that Windtree has regained compliance with the minimum bid price requirement under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) for continued listing on Nasdaq. The Company will be subject to a mandatory panel monitor until March 20, 2026.

The Company was previously notified by Nasdaq on December 4, 2024 that it was not in compliance with the minimum bid price rule because its common stock failed to meet the closing bid price of $1.00 or more for 30 consecutive trading days, as required by the Nasdaq Listing Rules. To regain compliance with the rule, the Company was required to maintain a minimum closing bid price of $1.00 or more for at least 10 consecutive trading days. Nasdaq noted that this requirement was met and had been exhibited by a closing bid price of more than $1.00 since February 21, 2025.

About Windtree Therapeutics, Inc.

Windtree Therapeutics, Inc. is a biotechnology company focused on becoming a revenue generating biotech and advancing early and late-stage innovative therapies for critical conditions and diseases. Windtrees portfolio of product candidates includes istaroxime, a Phase 2 candidate with SERCA2a activating properties for acute heart failure and associated cardiogenic shock, preclinical SERCA2a activators for heart failure and preclinical precision aPKCi inhibitors that are being developed for potential in rare and broad oncology applications. Windtree also has a licensing business model with partnership out-licenses currently in place.

Forward-Looking Statements 

This press release contains statements related to the potential clinical effects of istaroxime; the potential benefits and safety of istaroxime; and the clinical development of istaroxime. Such statements constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The Company may, in some cases, use terms such as predicts, believes, potential, proposed, continue, estimates, anticipates, expects, plans, intends, may, could, might, will, should or other words that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes to identify forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on information available to the Company as of the date of this press release and are subject to numerous important factors, risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events or results to differ materially from the Companys current expectations. Examples of such risks and uncertainties include, among other things: the Companys ability to acquire revenue generating subsidiaries; the markets reaction to potential acquisitions by the Company; the Companys ability to secure significant additional capital as and when needed; the Companys ability to achieve the intended benefits of the aPKCi asset acquisition with Varian Biopharmaceuticals, Inc.; the Companys risks and uncertainties associated with the success and advancement of the clinical development programs for istaroxime and the Companys other product candidates, including preclinical oncology candidates; the Companys ability to access the debt or equity markets; the Companys ability to manage costs and execute on its operational and budget plans; the results, cost and timing of the Companys clinical development programs, including any delays to such clinical trials relating to enrollment or site initiation; risks related to technology transfers to contract manufacturers and manufacturing development activities; delays encountered by the Company, contract manufacturers or suppliers in manufacturing drug products, drug substances, and other materials on a timely basis and in sufficient amounts; risks relating to rigorous regulatory requirements, including that: (i) the U.S. Food and Drug Administration or other regulatory authorities may not agree with the Company on matters raised during regulatory reviews, may require significant additional activities, or may not accept or may withhold or delay consideration of applications, or may not approve or may limit approval of the Companys product candidates, and (ii) changes in the national or international political and regulatory environment may make it more difficult to gain regulatory approvals and risks related to the Companys efforts to maintain and protect the patents and licenses related to its product candidates; risks that the Company may never realize the value of its intangible assets and have to incur future impairment charges; risks related to the size and growth potential of the markets for the Companys product candidates, and the Companys ability to service those markets; the Companys ability to develop sales and marketing capabilities, whether alone or with potential future collaborators; the rate and degree of market acceptance of the Companys product candidates, if approved; the economic and social consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic and the impacts of political unrest, including as a result of geopolitical tension, including the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, the Peoples Republic of China and the Republic of China (Taiwan), and the evolving events in the Middle East, and any sanctions, export controls or other restrictive actions that may be imposed by the United States and/or other countries which could have an adverse impact on the Companys operations, including through disruption in supply chain or access to potential international clinical trial sites, and through disruption, instability and volatility in the global markets, which could have an adverse impact on the Companys ability to access the capital markets. These and other risks are described in the Companys periodic reports, including its Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission and available at www.sec.gov. Any forward-looking statements that the Company makes in this press release speak only as of the date of this press release. The Company assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, after the date of this press release. 

Contact Information:

Eric Curtis

ecurtis@windtreetx.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>wint-20250318.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000 - Document - Document And Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink 
link:presentationLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>wint-20250318_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>wint-20250318_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Entity [Domain] 

Legal Entity [Axis] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Information [Table] 

Document, Type 

Document, Period End Date 

Entity, Registrant Name 

Entity, Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity, File Number 

Entity, Tax Identification Number 

Entity, Address, Address Line One 

Entity, Address, Address Line Two 

Entity, Address, City or Town 

Entity, Address, State or Province 

Entity, Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Entity, Emerging Growth Company 

Amendment Flag 

Entity, Central Index Key
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>wint-20250318_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>img01.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document And Entity Information

Mar. 18, 2025

Document Information [Line Items] 

Entity, Registrant Name Windtree Therapeutics, Inc.

Document, Type 8-K

Document, Period End Date Mar. 18, 2025

Entity, Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity, File Number 001-39290

Entity, Tax Identification Number 94-3171943

Entity, Address, Address Line One 2600 Kelly Road

Entity, Address, Address Line Two Suite 100

Entity, Address, City or Town Warrington

Entity, Address, State or Province PA

Entity, Address, Postal Zip Code 18976

City Area Code 215

Local Phone Number 488-9300

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock

Trading Symbol WINT

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity, Emerging Growth Company false

Amendment Flag false

Entity, Central Index Key 0000946486

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000 - Document - Document And Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.wint.com/20250318/role/statement-document-and-entity-information 
Document And Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

wint-20250318.xsd 
wint-20250318_def.xml 
wint-20250318_lab.xml 
wint-20250318_pre.xml 
wint20250323_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001437749-25-008981-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>wint20250323_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000946486 

2025-03-18 
2025-03-18 

false 
0000946486 
8-K 
2025-03-18 
Windtree Therapeutics, Inc. 
DE 
001-39290 
94-3171943 
2600 Kelly Road 
Suite 100 
Warrington 
PA 
18976 
215 
488-9300 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock 
WINT 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>