<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001214659-25-003971.txt : 20250306
<SEC-HEADER>0001214659-25-003971.hdr.sgml : 20250306
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250306080527
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001214659-25-003971
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		35
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250306
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250306
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250306

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			VerifyMe, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001104038
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER INTEGRATED SYSTEMS DESIGN [7373]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				233023677
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39332
		FILM NUMBER:		25713662

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		801 INTERNATIONAL PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		FIFTH FLOOR
		CITY:			LAKE MARY
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32746
		BUSINESS PHONE:		585-736-9400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		801 INTERNATIONAL PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		FIFTH FLOOR
		CITY:			LAKE MARY
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32746

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LASERLOCK TECHNOLOGIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20001004
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>r342508k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000110403800011040382025-03-062025-03-060001104038VRME:CommonStockParValue0.001PerShareMember2025-03-062025-03-060001104038VRME:WarrantsToPurchaseCommonStockMember2025-03-062025-03-06iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 6, 2025

VerifyMe, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada 001-39332 23-3023677

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.)

801 International Parkway, Fifth Floor, Lake Mary, Florida 32746

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (585)736-9400

_____________________

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading 

Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share VRME The Nasdaq Capital Market

Warrants to Purchase Common Stock VRMEW The Nasdaq Capital Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging
growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the
registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On March 6, 2025, VerifyMe, Inc. (the "Company")
entered into a Sales Agreement (the "Agreement") with Roth Capital Partners, LLC ("Roth"), as sales agent, pursuant
to which the Company may offer and sell, from time to time through Roth, shares of the Company's common stock, par value $0.001, having
an aggregate offering price of up to $15,803,511 (the "Offering"). The issuance and sale of shares in the Offering, if any,
by the Company under the Agreement will be pursuant to a prospectus supplement, dated March 6, 2025, and an accompanying base prospectus,
dated February 3, 2025, contained therein, which together form a part of the Companys shelf registration statement
on Form S-3 (File No. 333-284562) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") on January 28, 2025 (the "Registration
Statement") and declared effective by the SEC on February 3, 2025. No sales may occur pursuant to the Offering until all closing
deliverables have been received by Roth as set forth in the Agreement.

The Company has agreed to pay Roth a commission
for its services in acting as agent in the Offering in the amount of 3.0% of gross proceeds from the sale of the shares pursuant to the
Agreement and will reimburse Roth for the documented fees and costs of its legal counsel reasonably incurred in connection with entering
into the transactions contemplated by the Agreement in an amount not to exceed $50,000 in the aggregate in addition to $5,000 per quarter
in connection with the filing of the Companys quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K. The Company has also agreed to provide
Roth with customary indemnification and contribution rights.

Subject to the terms and conditions of the
Agreement, Roth will use its commercially reasonable efforts to sell the shares from time to time, based upon the Company's instructions,
by methods deemed to be an "at the market offering" as defined in Rule 415(a)(4) promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the "Securities Act"). The Company or Roth may suspend or terminate the Offering upon notice to the other party
and subject to other conditions.

The Company is not obligated to make any
sales of common stock under the Agreement. The Offering of shares of common stock pursuant to the Agreement will terminate upon the earlier
of (i) the sale of all shares of common stock subject to the Agreement or (ii) termination of the Agreement in accordance with its terms.

The foregoing description of the Agreement
is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 1.1
hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

This Current Report on Form 8-K shall not
constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy the securities discussed herein, nor shall there be any offer, solicitation,
or sale of the securities in any state in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification
under the securities laws of any such state.

The opinion of Harter Secrest & Emery
LLP, the Company's legal counsel, regarding the validity of the shares of common stock to be offered and sold under the Agreement is filed
as Exhibit 5.1 hereto. This opinion is also filed with reference to, and is hereby incorporated by reference into, the Registration Statement.

Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition.

On March 6, 2025,
the Company issued a press release announcing its financial results for its three months and year ended December 31, 2024. A copy of the
Companys press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form
8-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 

The information
furnished pursuant to this Item 2.02, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities under such section
and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act.

Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.

The disclosure
contained in Item 2.02 is incorporated herein by reference. Also on March 6, 2025, the Company
posted slides to the Investor section of its website that will accompany the Companys earnings
conference call and webcast at 11:00 a.m. Eastern Time on March 6, 2025. The slides are attached
to this Form 8-K as Exhibit 99.2.

The information
furnished pursuant to this Item 7.01, including Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2, shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section
18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities under such section and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference
into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act, or the Exchange Act.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit No. Description

1.1 Sales Agreement, dated as of March 6, 2025, between VerifyMe, Inc. and Roth Capital Partners, LLC.

5.1 Opinion of Harter Secrest & Emery LLP.

23.1 Consent of Harter Secrest & Emery LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1).

99.1

VerifyMe, Inc. Press Release dated March 6, 2025.

99.2 Slides for the March 6, 2025, Earnings Conference Call and Webcast.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant
has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

VerifyMe, Inc. 

Date: March 6, 2025 

/s/ Adam Stedham 

Name: Adam Stedham 

Title: Chief Executive Officer and President
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex1_1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 1.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 1.1

VerifyMe, Inc.

$15,803,511

Common Stock

($0.001 par value per share)

Sales Agreement

March 6, 2025

Roth Capital Partners, LLC

888 San Clemente Drive, Suite 400

Newport Beach, CA 92660

Ladies and Gentlemen:

VerifyMe, Inc., a Nevada corporation
(the Company), confirms its agreement (this Agreement) with Roth Capital Partners, LLC (the
Agent), as follows:

1. Issuance
and Sale of Shares. The Company agrees that, from time to time during the term of this Agreement, on the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth herein, it may issue and sell through or to the Agent, shares (the Placement Shares) of common
stock of the Company, $0.001 par value per share (the Common Stock) having an aggregate offering price of up to $15,803,511,
provided, however, that in no event shall the Company issue or sell through Agent such number of Placement Shares that (a) exceeds
the number or dollar amount of shares of Common Stock that may be sold pursuant to the Registration Statement (as defined below), (b)
exceeds the number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock of the Company, or (c) would cause the Company or the offering of
the Placement Shares not to satisfy the eligibility and transaction requirements for use of Form S-3 (including, if applicable, General
Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3) (the lesser of (a), (b) and (c), the Maximum Amount). Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary contained herein, the parties hereto agree that compliance with the limitations set forth in this Section 1 on the amount
of Placement Shares issued and sold under this Agreement shall be the sole responsibility of the Company and that Agent shall have no
obligation in connection with such compliance. The issuance and sale of Placement Shares through or to Agent will be effected pursuant
to the Registration Statement filed by the Company and declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission).

The Company has filed, in
accordance with the provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (the Securities
Act), with the Commission a registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-284562), including a base prospectus, relating
to certain securities, including the Placement Shares to be issued from time to time by the Company, and which incorporates by reference
documents that the Company has filed or will file in accordance with the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
and the rules and regulations thereunder (the Exchange Act). The Company has prepared a prospectus supplement specifically
relating to the Placement Shares (the Prospectus Supplement) to the base prospectus included as part of such registration
statement. The Company will furnish to the Agent, for use by the Agent, copies of the prospectus included as part of such registration
statement, as supplemented by the Prospectus Supplement, relating to the Placement Shares. Except where the context otherwise requires,
such registration statement, and any post-effective amendment thereto, including all documents filed as part thereof or incorporated by
reference therein, and including any information contained in a Prospectus (as defined below) subsequently filed with the Commission pursuant
to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act or deemed to be a part of such registration statement pursuant to Rule 430B of the Securities
Act, or any subsequent registration statement on Form S-3 filed pursuant to Rule 415(a)(6) under the Securities Act by the Company to
cover any Placement Shares, is herein called the Registration Statement. The base prospectus, including all documents
incorporated therein by reference, included in the Registration Statement, as it may be supplemented by the Prospectus Supplement, in
the form in which such prospectus and/or Prospectus Supplement have most recently been filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant
to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act, together with any then issued Issuer Free Writing Prospectus (defined below), is herein
called the Prospectus. Any reference herein to the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement
thereto, shall be deemed to refer to and include the documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference therein, and any
reference herein to the terms amend, amendment or supplement with respect to the Registration
Statement or the Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include the filing after the execution hereof of any document with the Commission
deemed to be incorporated by reference therein (the Incorporated Documents). For purposes of this Agreement, all
references to the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or to any amendment or supplement thereto shall be deemed to include any copy
filed with the Commission pursuant to its Electronic Data Gathering Analysis and Retrieval System, or if applicable, the Interactive Data
Electronic Application system when used by the Commission (collectively, EDGAR).

2. Placements.
Each time that the Company wishes to issue and sell Placement Shares hereunder (each, a Placement), it will notify
the Agent by email notice (or other method mutually agreed to in writing by the parties) of the number or dollar value of Placement Shares,
the time period during which sales are requested to be made, any limitation on the number of Placement Shares that may be sold in any
one day and any minimum price below which sales may not be made (a Placement Notice), the form of which is attached
hereto as Schedule 1. The Placement Notice shall originate from any of the individuals from the Company set forth on Schedule 3 (with
a copy to each of the other individuals from the Company listed on such schedule), and shall be addressed to each of the individuals from
the Agent set forth on Schedule 3, as such Schedule 3 may be amended from time to time. The Placement Notice shall be effective unless
and until (i) the Agent declines to accept the terms contained therein for any reason, in its sole discretion, (ii) the entire
amount of the Placement Shares thereunder have been sold, (iii) the Company suspends or terminates the Placement Notice, or (iv) the
Agreement has been terminated under the provisions of Section 12. The amount of any discount, commission or other compensation to
be paid by the Company to Agent in connection with the sale of the Placement Shares shall be calculated in accordance with the terms set
forth in Schedule 2. It is expressly acknowledged and agreed that neither the Company nor the Agent will have any obligation whatsoever
with respect to a Placement or any Placement Shares unless and until the Company delivers a Placement Notice to the Agent and the Agent
does not decline such Placement Notice pursuant to the terms set forth above, and then only upon the terms specified therein and herein.
In the event of a conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the terms of a Placement Notice, the terms of the Placement Notice
will control. Unless the exceptive provisions set forth in Rule 101(c)(1) of Regulation M under the Exchange Act are satisfied with respect
to the Placement Shares, the Company shall give the Agent at least one business days prior notice of its intent to sell any Placement
Shares in order to allow the Agent time to comply with Regulation M.

2 

3. Sale
of Placement Shares by Agent. Subject to the provisions of Section 5(a), the Agent, for the period specified in the Placement
Notice, will use its commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales practices and applicable state and federal
laws, rules and regulations and the rules of The Nasdaq Capital Market (the Exchange), to sell the Placement Shares
up to the amount specified, and otherwise in accordance with the terms of such Placement Notice. The Agent will provide written confirmation
to the Company no later than the opening of the Trading Day (as defined below) immediately following the Trading Day on which it has made
sales of Placement Shares hereunder setting forth the number of Placement Shares sold on such day, the compensation payable by the Company
to the Agent pursuant to Section 2 with respect to such sales, and the Net Proceeds (as defined below) payable to the Company, with
an itemization of the deductions made by the Agent (as set forth in Section 5(b)) from the gross proceeds that it receives from such
sales. Subject to the terms of the Placement Notice and compliance with Regulation M, the Agent may sell Placement Shares by any method
permitted by law deemed to be an at the market offering as defined in Rule 415 of the Securities Act.

4. Suspension
of Sales.

(a) The
Company or the Agent may, upon notice to the other party in writing (including by email correspondence to each of the individuals of the
other party set forth on Schedule 3, if receipt of such correspondence is actually acknowledged by any of the individuals to whom the
notice is sent, other than via auto-reply) or by telephone (confirmed immediately by email correspondence to each of the individuals of
the other party set forth on Schedule 3), suspend any sale of Placement Shares; provided, however, that such suspension shall not affect
or impair any partys obligations with respect to any Placement Shares sold hereunder prior to the receipt of such notice. Each
party agrees that no such notice under this Section 4 shall be effective against any other party unless it is made to one of the
individuals named on Schedule 3 hereto, as such Schedule may be amended from time to time.

(b) Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement, during any period in which the Company is in possession of material non-public information, the
Company and the Agent agree that (i) no sale of Placement Shares will take place, (ii) the Company shall not request the sale of any Placement
Shares, and (iii) the Agent shall not be obligated to sell or offer to sell any Placement Shares.

5. Sale
and Delivery to the Agent; Settlement.

(a) Sale
of Placement Shares. On the basis of the representations and warranties herein contained and subject to the terms and conditions
herein set forth, upon the Agents acceptance of the terms of a Placement Notice, and unless the sale of the Placement Shares described
therein has been declined, suspended, or otherwise terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the Agent, for the period
specified in the Placement Notice, will use its commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales practices
to sell such Placement Shares up to the amount specified in such Placement Notice, and otherwise in accordance with the terms of such
Placement Notice. The Company acknowledges and agrees that (i) there can be no assurance that the Agent will be successful in selling
Placement Shares, (ii) the Agent will incur no liability or obligation to the Company or any other person or entity if it does not
sell Placement Shares for any reason other than a failure by the Agent to use its commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its
normal trading and sales practices and applicable law and regulations to sell such Placement Shares as required under this Agreement,
and (iii) the Agent shall be under no obligation to purchase Placement Shares on a principal basis pursuant to this Agreement, except
as otherwise agreed by the Agent and the Company and subject to Regulation M.

3 

(b) Settlement
of Placement Shares. Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Placement Notice, settlement for sales of Placement Shares
will occur on the first (1st) Trading Day (or such earlier day as is industry practice for regular-way trading) following
the date on which such sales are made (each, a Settlement Date). The amount of proceeds to be delivered to the Company
on a Settlement Date against receipt of the Placement Shares sold (the Net Proceeds) will be equal to the aggregate
sales price received by the Agent, after deduction for (i) the Agents commission, discount or other compensation for such
sales payable by the Company pursuant to Section 2 hereof, and (ii) any transaction fees imposed by any governmental or self-regulatory
organization in respect of such sales.

(c) Delivery
of Placement Shares. On each Settlement Date, against payment of the Net Proceeds, the Company will, or will cause its transfer agent
to, electronically transfer the Placement Shares being sold by crediting the Agents or its designees account (provided the
Agent shall have given the Company written notice of such designee prior to the Settlement Date) at The Depository Trust Company through
its Deposit and Withdrawal at Custodian System or by such other means of delivery as may be mutually agreed upon by the parties hereto
which in all cases shall be freely tradable, transferable, registered shares in good deliverable form. On each Settlement Date, the Agent
will deliver the related Net Proceeds in same day funds to an account designated by the Company on, or prior to, the Settlement Date.
The Company agrees that if the Company, or its transfer agent (if applicable), defaults in its obligation to deliver Placement Shares
on a Settlement Date, the Company agrees that in addition to and in no way limiting the rights and obligations set forth in Section 10(a)
hereto, it will (i) hold the Agent harmless against any loss, claim, damage, or expense (including reasonable legal fees and expenses),
as incurred, arising out of or in connection with such default by the Company or its transfer agent (if applicable), and (ii) pay
to the Agent any commission, discount, or other compensation to which it would otherwise have been entitled absent such default.

(d) Limitations
on Offering Size. Under no circumstances shall the Company cause or request the offer or sale of any Placement Shares if, after
giving effect to the sale of such Placement Shares, the aggregate gross sales proceeds of Placement Shares sold pursuant to this Agreement
would exceed the lesser of (A) together with all sales of Placement Shares under this Agreement, the Maximum Amount, (B) the
amount available for offer and sale under the Registration Statement, and (C) the amount authorized from time to time to be issued
and sold under this Agreement by the Companys board of directors, a duly authorized committee thereof or a duly authorized executive
committee, and notified to the Agent in writing. Under no circumstances shall the Company cause or request the offer or sale of any Placement
Shares pursuant to this Agreement at a price lower than the minimum price authorized from time to time by the Companys board of
directors, duly authorized committee thereof or a duly authorized executive committee, and notified to the Agent in writing. Further,
under no circumstances shall the Company cause or permit the aggregate offering amount of Placement Shares sold pursuant to this Agreement
to exceed the Maximum Amount.

4 

6. Representations
and Warranties of the Company. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement or Prospectus (including the Incorporated Documents),
the Company represents and warrants to, and agrees with the Agent that as of the date of this Agreement and as of each Applicable Time
(as defined below), unless such representation, warranty or agreement specifies a different date or time:

(a) Registration
Statement and Prospectus. The Company and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement meet the requirements for and comply with
the conditions for the use of Form S-3 under the Securities Act. The Registration Statement has been filed with the Commission and declared
effective under the Securities Act. The Prospectus Supplement will name the Agent as the agent in the section entitled Plan of
Distribution. The Company has not received, and has no notice of, any order of the Commission preventing or suspending the use
of the Registration Statement, or threatening or instituting proceedings for that purpose. The Registration Statement and the offer and
sale of Placement Shares as contemplated hereby meet the requirements of Rule 415 under the Securities Act and comply in all material
respects with said Rule. Any statutes, regulations, contracts or other documents that are required to be described in the Registration
Statement or the Prospectus or to be filed as exhibits to the Registration Statement have been so described or filed. Copies of the Registration
Statement, the Prospectus, and any such amendments or supplements and all documents incorporated by reference therein that were filed
with the Commission on or prior to the date of this Agreement have been delivered, or are available through EDGAR, to Agent and its counsel.
The Company has not distributed and, prior to the later to occur of each Settlement Date and completion of the distribution of the Placement
Shares, will not distribute any offering material in connection with the offering or sale of the Placement Shares other than the Registration
Statement and the Prospectus and any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus to which Agent has consented. The Company has not, in the 12 months
preceding the date hereof, received notice from the Exchange to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the listing or maintenance
requirements. The Company has no reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future continue to be in compliance with all such
listing and maintenance requirements.

(b) No Misstatement
or Omission. The Registration Statement, when it became or becomes effective, and the Prospectus, and any amendment or supplement
thereto, on the date of such Prospectus or amendment or supplement, conformed and will conform in all material respects with the requirements
of the Securities Act. At each Settlement Date, the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, as of such date, will conform in all material
respects with the requirements of the Securities Act. The Registration Statement, when it became or becomes effective, did not, and will
not, contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make
the statements therein not misleading. The Prospectus and any amendment or supplement thereto, on the date thereof and at each Applicable
Time, did not and will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Incorporated Documents did not, and any further
documents filed and incorporated by reference therein will not, when filed with the Commission, contain an untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated in such document or necessary to make the statements in such document, in
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The foregoing shall not apply to statements in, or omissions from,
any such document made in reliance upon, and in conformity with, information furnished to the Company by Agent specifically for use in
the preparation thereof.

5 

(c) Conformity
with Securities Act and Exchange Act. The Registration Statement, the Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or any amendment
or supplement thereto, and the Incorporated Documents, when such documents were or are filed with the Commission under the Securities
Act or the Exchange Act or became or become effective under the Securities Act, as the case may be, conformed and will conform in all
material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable.

(d) Financial
Information. The financial statements of the Company included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus
and the Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses, if any, together with the related notes and schedules, present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Company as of the dates indicated and the results of operations, cash flows and changes in stockholders
equity of the Company for the periods specified and have been prepared in compliance with the requirements of the Securities Act and Exchange
Act and in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (GAAP) applied on a consistent
basis (except for (i) such adjustments to accounting standards and practices as are noted therein, (ii) in the case of unaudited
interim financial statements, to the extent such financial statements may not include footnotes required by GAAP or may be condensed or
summary statements, and (iii) such adjustments which will not be material, either individually or in the aggregate) during the periods
involved; the other financial and statistical data with respect to the Company contained or incorporated by reference in the Registration
Statement, the Prospectus and the Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses, if any, are accurately and fairly presented and prepared on a basis
consistent with the financial statements and books and records of the Company; there are no financial statements (historical or pro forma)
that are required to be included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, or the Prospectus that are not included or
incorporated by reference as required; the Company does not have any material liabilities or obligations, direct or contingent (including
any off-balance sheet obligations), not described in the Registration Statement (excluding the exhibits thereto), and the Prospectus;
and all disclosures contained or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus and the Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses,
if any, regarding non-GAAP financial measures (as such term is defined by the rules and regulations of the Commission) comply
in all material respects with Regulation G of the Exchange Act and Item 10 of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act, to the extent
applicable.

(e) Conformity
with EDGAR Filing. The Prospectus delivered to the Agent for use in connection with the sale of the Placement Shares pursuant to this
Agreement will be identical to the versions of the Prospectus created to be transmitted to the Commission for filing via EDGAR, except
to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

6 

(f) Organization.
The Company is duly organized, validly existing as a corporation and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization.
The Company is, and will be, duly licensed or qualified as a foreign corporation for transaction of business and in good standing under
the laws of each other jurisdiction in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such license or
qualification, and has all corporate power and authority necessary to own or hold its properties and to conduct its business as described
in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing or have such power or
authority would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on or affect the assets, business, operations, earnings,
properties, condition (financial or otherwise), prospects, stockholders equity or results of operations of the Company or prevent
or materially interfere with consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby (a Material Adverse Effect).

(g) Subsidiaries.
The Company does not own or control, directly or indirectly, any corporation, association or other entity other than the subsidiaries
listed in Exhibit 21.1 to the Companys most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Company owns directly or indirectly,
all of the equity interests of its subsidiaries free and clear of any lien, charge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal
or other restriction, and all the equity interests of its subsidiaries are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free
of preemptive and similar rights.

(h) No Violation
or Default. The Company is not (i) in violation of its charter or by-laws or similar organizational documents; (ii) in default,
and no event has occurred that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute such a default, in the due performance or observance
of any term, covenant or condition contained in any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement or other agreement or instrument
to which the Company is a party or by which the Company is bound or to which any of the property or assets of the Company is subject;
or (iii) in violation of any law or statute or any judgment, order, rule or regulation of any court or arbitrator or governmental
or regulatory authority, except, in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii) above, for any such violation or default that
would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. To the Companys knowledge, no other party under any
material contract or other agreement to which it is a party is in default in any respect thereunder where such default would have a Material
Adverse Effect.

(i) No Material
Adverse Effect. Subsequent to the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus
and the Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses, if any, (including any document deemed incorporated by reference therein), there has not been
(i) any Material Adverse Effect, (ii) any transaction which is material to the Company, (iii) any obligation or liability,
direct or contingent (including any off-balance sheet obligations), incurred by the Company which is material to the Company, (iv) any
material change in the capital stock or outstanding long-term indebtedness (other than (A) the grant of additional awards under equity
incentive plans, (B) changes in the number of outstanding Common Stock due to the issuance of shares upon exercise or conversion
of securities exercisable for or convertible into Common Stock outstanding on the date hereof, (C) any repurchase of capital stock
of the Company, (D) as a result of the sale of Placement Shares, or (E) other than as publicly reported or announced), or (v) any
dividend or distribution of any kind declared, paid or made on the capital stock of the Company other than in each case above in the ordinary
course of business or as otherwise disclosed in the Registration Statement or Prospectus (including any document deemed incorporated by
reference therein).

7 

(j) Capitalization.
The issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company have been validly issued, are fully paid and non-assessable and, other
than as disclosed in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, are not subject to any preemptive rights, rights of first refusal or
similar rights. The Company has an authorized, issued and outstanding capitalization as set forth in the Registration Statement and the
Prospectus as of the dates referred to therein (other than the grant of additional options, restricted stock awards and restricted stock
units under the Companys existing equity compensation plans, or changes in the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock of
the Company due to the issuance of shares upon the exercise or conversion of securities exercisable for, or convertible into, Common Stock
outstanding on the date hereof) and such authorized capital stock conforms to the description thereof set forth in the Registration Statement
and the Prospectus. The description of the securities of the Company in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus is complete and
accurate in all material respects. Except as disclosed therein, the Company does not have outstanding any options to purchase, or any
rights or warrants to subscribe for, or any securities or obligations convertible into, or exchangeable for, or any contracts or commitments
to issue or sell, any shares of capital stock or other securities.

(k) Authorization;
Enforceability. The Company has full legal right, power and authority to enter into this Agreement and perform the transactions contemplated
hereby. This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company and is a legal, valid and binding agreement of
the Company enforceable in accordance with its terms, except (i) to the extent that enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and by general equitable principles,
and (ii) the indemnification and contribution provisions of Section 10 hereof may be limited by federal or state securities
laws and public policy considered in respect thereof.

(l) Authorization
of Placement Shares. The Placement Shares, when issued and delivered pursuant to the terms approved by the board of directors of the
Company or a duly authorized committee thereof, against payment therefor as provided herein, will be duly and validly authorized and issued
and fully paid and non-assessable, free and clear of any pledge, lien, encumbrance, security interest or other claim, including any statutory
or contractual preemptive rights, resale rights, rights of first refusal or other similar rights, and will be registered pursuant to Section 12
of the Exchange Act. The Placement Shares, when issued, will conform in all material respects to the description thereof set forth in
or incorporated into the Prospectus.

(m) No Consents
Required. No consent, approval, authorization, order, registration or qualification of or with any court or arbitrator or governmental
or regulatory authority is required for the execution, delivery and performance by the Company this Agreement, the issuance and sale by
the Company of the Placement Shares, except for such consents, approvals, authorizations, orders and registrations or qualifications as
may be required under applicable state securities laws or by the by-laws and rules of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA)
or the Exchange in connection with the sale of the Placement Shares by the Agent.

8 

(n) No Preferential
Rights. (i) No person, as such term is defined in Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X promulgated under the Securities Act (each,
a Person), has the right, contractual or otherwise, to cause the Company to issue or sell to such Person any Common
Stock or shares of any other capital stock or other securities of the Company, (ii) no Person has any preemptive rights, resale rights,
rights of first refusal, or any other rights (whether pursuant to a poison pill provision or otherwise) to purchase any
Common Stock or shares of any other capital stock or other securities of the Company, (iii) no Person has the right to act as an
underwriter or as a financial advisor to the Company in connection with the offer and sale of Common Stock, and (iv) no Person has
the right, contractual or otherwise, to require the Company to register under the Securities Act any Common Stock or shares of any other
capital stock or other securities of the Company, or to include any such shares or other securities in the Registration Statement or the
offering contemplated thereby, whether as a result of the filing or effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the sale of the Placement
Shares as contemplated thereby or otherwise.

(o) Independent
Public Accountant. MaloneBailey, LLP (the Accountant), whose report on the financial statements of the Company
is filed with the Commission as part of the Companys most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission and incorporated
into the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, are and, during the periods covered by their report, were an independent registered
public accounting firm with respect to the Company within the meaning of the Securities Act and the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States). To the Companys knowledge, the Accountant is not in violation of the auditor independence requirements of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act) with respect to the Company.

(p) Enforceability
of Agreements. All agreements between the Company and third parties expressly referenced in the Prospectus are legal, valid and binding
obligations of the Company enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, except to the extent that (i) enforceability may
be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and by general
equitable principles, and (ii) the indemnification provisions of certain agreements may be limited by federal or state securities
laws or public policy considerations in respect thereof, and except for any unenforceability that, individually or in the aggregate, would
not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(q) No Litigation.
There are no legal, governmental or regulatory actions, suits or proceedings pending, nor, to the Companys knowledge, any legal,
governmental or regulatory investigations, to which the Company is a party or to which any property of the Company is the subject that,
individually or in the aggregate, if determined adversely to the Company would have a Material Adverse Effect or materially and adversely
affect the ability of the Company to perform its obligations under this Agreement; to the Companys knowledge, no such actions,
suits or proceedings are threatened or contemplated by any governmental or regulatory authority or threatened by others; and (i) there
are no current or pending legal, governmental or regulatory investigations, actions, suits or proceedings that are required under the
Securities Act to be described in the Prospectus that are not so described, and (ii) there are no contracts or other documents that
are required under the Securities Act to be filed as exhibits to the Registration Statement that are not so filed.

9 

(r) Licenses
and Permits. The Company possesses or has obtained, all licenses, certificates, consents, orders, approvals, permits and other authorizations
issued by, and has made all declarations and filings with, the appropriate federal, state, local or foreign governmental or regulatory
authorities that are necessary for the ownership or lease of its properties or the conduct of its business as described in the Registration
Statement and the Prospectus (the Permits), except where the failure to possess, obtain or make the same would not,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has not received written notice
of any proceeding relating to revocation or modification of any such Permit or has any reason to believe that such Permit will not be
renewed in the ordinary course, except where the failure to obtain any such renewal would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(s) No
Material Defaults. The Company has not defaulted on any installment on indebtedness for borrowed money or on any rental on one or
more long-term leases, which defaults, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has not filed a report
pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act since the filing of its last Annual Report on Form 10-K, indicating that it (i)
has failed to pay any dividend or sinking fund installment on preferred stock, or (ii) has defaulted on any installment on indebtedness
for borrowed money or on any rental on one or more long-term leases, which defaults, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(t) S-3
Eligibility. At the time the Registration Statement was declared effective, and at the time the Companys most recent Annual
Report on Form 10-K was filed with the Commission, the Company met the then applicable requirements for the use of Form S-3 under the
Securities Act, including, but not limited to, General Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3, if applicable. As of the close of trading on the
Exchange on January 16, 2025, the aggregate market value of the outstanding voting and non-voting common equity (as defined in Rule 405)
of the Company held by persons other than affiliates of the Company (pursuant to Rule 144 of the Securities Act, those that directly,
or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, control, or are controlled by, or are under common control with, the Company) (the Non-Affiliate
Shares), was approximately $46.9 million (calculated by multiplying (x) the price at which the common equity of the Company was
last sold on the Exchange on January 16, 2025 times (y) the number of Non-Affiliate Shares). The Company is not a shell company (as defined
in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) and has not been a shell company for at least 12 calendar months previously and if it has been a
shell company at any time previously, has filed current Form 10 information (as defined in General Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3) with
the Commission at least 12 calendar months previously reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company.

(u) Certain Market Activities. Neither the Company nor, to the Companys knowledge, any of its directors, officers or controlling
persons has taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed, or that has constituted or would reasonably be expected to cause or result
in, under the Exchange Act or otherwise, the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the
sale or resale of the Placement Shares.

(v) Broker/Dealer
Relationships. Neither the Company nor any related entities (i) is required to register as a broker or dealer
in accordance with the provisions of the Exchange Act, or (ii) directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls
or is a person associated with a member or associated person of a member (within the meaning set forth in
the FINRA Manual).

10 

(w) No Reliance.
The Company has not relied upon the Agent or legal counsel for the Agent for any legal, tax or accounting advice in connection with the
offering and sale of the Placement Shares.

(x) Taxes.
The Company has filed all federal, state, local and foreign tax returns which have been required to be filed and paid all taxes shown
thereon through the date hereof, to the extent that such taxes have become due and are not being contested in good faith. Except as otherwise
disclosed in or contemplated by the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, no tax deficiency has been determined adversely to the Company
which has had, or would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has no
knowledge of any federal, state or other governmental tax deficiency, penalty or assessment which has been or might be asserted or threatened
against it which reasonably would be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(y) Title
to Real and Personal Property. The Company has good and valid title in fee simple to all items of real property and good and valid
title to all personal property described in the Registration Statement or Prospectus as being owned by it that are material to the business
of the Company, in each case free and clear of all liens, encumbrances and claims, except those that (i) do not materially interfere
with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company, or (ii) would not reasonably be expected, individually
or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect. Any real property described in the Registration Statement or Prospectus as being
leased by the Company is held by it under valid, existing and enforceable leases, except those that (A) do not materially interfere
with the use made or proposed to be made of such property by the Company, or (B) would not be reasonably expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect.

(z) Intellectual
Property. The Company owns or possesses adequate enforceable rights to use all patents, patent applications, trademarks (both registered
and unregistered), service marks, trade names, trademark registrations, service mark registrations, copyrights, licenses and know-how
(including trade secrets and other unpatented and/or unpatentable proprietary or confidential information, systems or procedures) (collectively,
the Intellectual Property), necessary for the conduct of its business as conducted as of the date hereof, except
to the extent that the failure to own or possess adequate rights to use such Intellectual Property would not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; the Company has not received any written notice of any claim of infringement
or conflict which asserted Intellectual Property rights of others, which infringement or conflict, if the subject of an unfavorable decision,
would result in a Material Adverse Effect; there are no pending, or to the Companys knowledge, threatened judicial proceedings
or interference proceedings against the Company challenging the Companys rights in or to or the validity of the scope of any of
the Companys patents, patent applications or proprietary information.

11 

(aa) Environmental
Laws. The Company (i) is in compliance with any and all applicable federal, state, local and foreign laws, rules, regulations,
decisions and orders relating to the protection of human health and safety, the environment or hazardous or toxic substances or wastes,
pollutants or contaminants (collectively, Environmental Laws); (ii) has received and is in compliance with all
permits, licenses or other approvals required of it under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct its businesses as described in the
Registration Statement and the Prospectus; and (iii) has not received notice of any actual or potential liability for the investigation
or remediation of any disposal or release of hazardous or toxic substances or wastes, pollutants or contaminants, except, in the case
of any of clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) above, for any such failure to comply or failure to receive required permits, licenses,
other approvals or liability as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(bb) Disclosure
Controls. The Company maintains systems of internal controls designed to provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are
executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations; (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to
permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability; (iii) access to assets is
permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; and (iv) the recorded accountability for
assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. The
Company is not aware of any material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting (other than as set forth in the Prospectus).
Since the date of the latest audited financial statements of the Company included in the Prospectus, there has been no change in the Companys
internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Companys
internal control over financial reporting (other than as set forth in the Prospectus). The Company has established disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15) for the Company and designed such disclosure controls and procedures
to ensure that material information relating to the Company is made known to the certifying officers by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K or Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as the case may
be, is being prepared. The Companys certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the Companys controls and procedures
as of a date within 90 days prior to the filing date of the Companys most recently filed Form 10-K (such date, the Evaluation
Date). The Company presented in its most recently filed Form 10-K the conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations as of the Evaluation Date. Since the Evaluation Date, there have
been no significant changes in the Companys internal controls (as such term is defined in Item 307(b) of Regulation S-K under
the Securities Act) or, to the Companys knowledge, in other factors that could significantly affect the Companys internal
controls. To the knowledge of the Company, the Companys internal controls over financial reporting and disclosure
controls and procedures are effective.

(cc) Sarbanes-Oxley.
The Company is not aware of any failure on the part of the Company or any of the Companys directors or officers, in their capacities
as such, to comply with any applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the applicable rules and regulations promulgated thereunder
in all material respects. Each of the principal executive officer and the principal financial officer of the Company (or each former principal
executive officer of the Company and each former principal financial officer of the Company as applicable) has made all certifications
required by Sections 302 and 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act with respect to all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents
required to be filed by it or furnished by it to the Commission during the past 12 months. For purposes of the preceding sentence, principal
executive officer and principal financial officer shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act.

12 

(dd) Finders
Fees. The Company has not incurred any liability for any finders fees, brokerage commissions or similar payments in connection
with the transactions herein contemplated, except as may otherwise exist with respect to Agent pursuant to this Agreement.

(ee) Labor
Disputes. No labor disturbance by or dispute with employees of the Company exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is threatened
which would be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(ff) Investment
Company Act. The Company is not or after giving effect to the offering and sale of the Placement Shares, will not be an investment
company or an entity controlled by an investment company, as such terms are defined in the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act).

(gg) Operations.
The operations of the Company are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable financial record keeping and reporting
requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, the money laundering statutes of all jurisdictions
to which the Company is subject, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines, issued,
administered or enforced by any governmental agency (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws), except as would not
have a Material Adverse Effect; and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or
any arbitrator involving the Company with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened.

(hh) Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements. There are no transactions, arrangements and other relationships between and/or among the Company, and/or, to the
knowledge of the Company, any of its affiliates and any unconsolidated entity, including, but not limited to, any structured finance,
special purpose or limited purpose entity (each, an Off Balance Sheet Transaction) that could reasonably be expected
to affect materially the Companys liquidity or the availability of or requirements for its capital resources, including those Off
Balance Sheet Transactions described in the Commissions Statement about Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Conditions and Results of Operations (Release Nos. 33-8056; 34-45321; FR-61), required to be described in the Prospectus which have not
been described as required.

(ii) Underwriter
Agreements. Other than with respect to this Agreement, the Company is not a party to any agreement with an agent or underwriter for
any other at the market or continuous equity transaction.

(jj) ERISA.
To the knowledge of the Company, each material employee benefit plan, within the meaning of Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement
Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA), that is maintained, administered or contributed to by the Company
or any of its affiliates for employees or former employees of the Company has been maintained in material compliance with its terms and
the requirements of any applicable statutes, orders, rules and regulations, including but not limited to ERISA and the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended (the Code); no prohibited transaction, within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or
Section 4975 of the Code, has occurred which would result in a material liability to the Company with respect to any such plan excluding
transactions effected pursuant to a statutory or administrative exemption; and for each such plan that is subject to the funding rules
of Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, no accumulated funding deficiency as defined in Section 412
of the Code has been incurred, whether or not waived, and the fair market value of the assets of each such plan (excluding for these purposes
accrued but unpaid contributions) exceeds the present value of all benefits accrued under such plan determined using reasonable actuarial
assumptions.

13 

(kk) Forward
Looking Statements. No forward-looking statement (within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E
of the Exchange Act) (a Forward Looking Statement) contained in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus has
been made or reaffirmed without a reasonable basis or has been disclosed other than in good faith. The Forward Looking Statements incorporated
by reference in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus from the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
most recently ended (i) are within the coverage of the safe harbor for forward looking statements set forth in Section 27A of
the Securities Act, Rule 175(b) under the Securities Act or Rule 3b-6 under the Exchange Act, as applicable, (ii) were made by the
Company with a reasonable basis and in good faith and reflect the Companys good faith commercially reasonable best estimate of
the matters described therein, and (iii) have been prepared in accordance with Item 10 of Regulation S-K under the Securities
Act.

(ll) Agent
Purchases. The Company acknowledges and agrees that Agent has informed the Company that the Agent may, to the extent permitted under
the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and subject to Regulation M, purchase and sell Common Stock for its own account while this Agreement
is in effect, provided, that (i) no such purchase or sales shall take place while a Placement Notice is in effect (except to the
extent each Agent may engage in sales of Placement Shares purchased or deemed purchased from the Company as a riskless principal
or in a similar capacity), and (ii) the Company shall not be deemed to have authorized or consented to any such purchases or sales
by the Agent.

(mm) Insurance.
The Company carries, or is covered by, insurance in such amounts and covering such risks as the Company reasonably believes is adequate
for the conduct of its business and as is customary for companies engaged in similar businesses in similar industries.

14 

(nn) No Improper
Practices. (i) Neither the Company, nor to the Companys knowledge, any of its executive officers has, in the past five
years, made any unlawful contributions to any candidate for any political office (or failed fully to disclose any contribution in violation
of law) or made any contribution or other payment to any official of, or candidate for, any federal, state, municipal, or foreign office
or other person charged with similar public or quasi-public duty in violation of any law or of the character required to be disclosed
in the Prospectus; (ii) no relationship, direct or indirect, exists between or among the Company or, to the Companys knowledge,
any affiliate of the Company, on the one hand, and the directors, officers and stockholders of the Company, that is required by the Securities
Act to be described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus that is not so described; (iii) no relationship, direct or indirect,
exists between or among the Company, or any affiliate of the Company, on the one hand, and the directors, officers, stockholders or directors
of the Company that is required by the rules of FINRA to be described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus that is not so
described; (iv) there are no material outstanding loans or advances or material guarantees of indebtedness by the Company to or for
the benefit of any of its officers or directors or any of the members of the families of any of them; (v) the Company has not offered,
or caused any placement agent to offer, Common Stock to any person with the intent to influence unlawfully (A) a customer or supplier
of the Company to alter the customers or suppliers level or type of business with the Company, or (B) a trade journalist
or publication to write or publish favorable information about the Company or any of its products or services; and (vi) neither the
Company nor, to the Companys knowledge, any employee or agent of the Company has made any payment of funds of the Company or received
or retained any funds in violation of any law, rule or regulation (including, without limitation, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of
1977, which payment, receipt or retention of funds is of a character required to be disclosed in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus).

(oo) Compliance
with Applicable Laws. The Company has not been advised, and has no reason to believe, that it and each of its subsidiaries are not
conducting business in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations of the jurisdictions in which it is conducting business,
except where failure to be so in compliance would not result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(pp) Status
Under the Securities Act. The Company was not and is not an ineligible issuer as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act at the
times specified in Rules 164 and 433 under the Securities Act in connection with the offering of the Placement Shares.

(qq) No Misstatement
or Omission in an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus. Each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, as of its issue date and as of each Applicable
Time, did not, does not and will not include any information that conflicted, conflicts or will conflict with the information contained
in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, including any incorporated document deemed to be a part thereof that has not been superseded
or modified. The foregoing sentence does not apply to statements in or omissions from any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus based upon and
in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by the Agent specifically for use therein.

(rr) No Conflicts.
Neither the execution of this Agreement, nor the issuance, offering or sale of the Placement Shares, nor the consummation of any of the
transactions contemplated herein and therein, nor the compliance by the Company with the terms and provisions hereof and thereof will
conflict with, or will result in a breach of, any of the terms and provisions of, or has constituted or will constitute a default under,
or has resulted in or will result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the
Company pursuant to the terms of any contract or other agreement to which the Company may be bound or to which any of the property or
assets of the Company is subject, except (i) such conflicts, breaches or defaults as may have been waived, and (ii) such conflicts,
breaches and defaults that would not have a Material Adverse Effect; nor will such action result (x) in any violation of the provisions
of the organizational or governing documents of the Company, or (y) in any material violation of the provisions of any statute or
any order, rule or regulation applicable to the Company or of any court or of any federal, state or other regulatory authority or other
government body having jurisdiction over the Company.

15 

(ss) OFAC.
Neither the Company nor any director, officer, agent, employee, affiliate or representative of the Company is a government, individual
or entity (in this paragraph (tt), Person) that is, or is owned or controlled by a Person that is, currently subject
to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury (OFAC),
the United Nations Security Council (UNSC), the European Union (EU), Her Majestys Treasury
(HMT), or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, Sanctions), nor located, organized
or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of Sanctions; provided however, that for the purposes of this paragraph (tt),
no person shall be an affiliate of the Company solely by reason of owning less than a majority of any class of voting securities of the
Company. The Company will not directly or indirectly use the proceeds of the offering of the Placement Shares hereunder, or lend, contribute
or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other person or entity, for the purpose of financing
the activities of any person currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by OFAC. The Company represents and covenants that,
except as detailed in the Prospectus, for the past 5 years, the Company has not knowingly engaged in, is not now knowingly engaged in,
and will not engage in, any dealings or transactions with any Person, or in any country or territory, that at the time of the dealing
or transaction is or was the subject of Sanctions.

(tt) Stock Transfer Taxes. On each Settlement Date, all stock transfer or other taxes (other than income taxes) which are required to
be paid in connection with the sale and transfer of the Placement Shares to be sold hereunder will be, or will have been, fully paid or
provided for by the Company and all laws imposing such taxes will be or will have been fully complied with.

Any certificate signed by an officer of the Company
and delivered to the Agent or to counsel for the Agent pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement shall be deemed to be a representation
and warranty by the Company, as applicable, to the Agent as to the matters set forth therein.

7. Covenants
of the Company. The Company covenants and agrees with Agent that:

(a) Registration
Statement Amendments. After the date of this Agreement and during any period in which a Prospectus relating to any Placement Shares
is required to be delivered by Agent under the Securities Act (including in circumstances where such requirement may be satisfied pursuant
to Rule 172 under the Securities Act) (the Prospectus Delivery Period) (i) the Company will notify the Agent promptly
of the time when any subsequent amendment to the Registration Statement, other than documents incorporated by reference, has been filed
with the Commission and/or has become effective or any subsequent supplement to the Prospectus has been filed and of any request by the
Commission for any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or Prospectus or for additional information; (ii) the Company
will prepare and file with the Commission, promptly upon the Agents request, any amendments or supplements to the Registration
Statement or Prospectus that, in such Agents reasonable opinion, may be necessary or advisable in connection with the distribution
of the Placement Shares by the Agent (provided, however, that the failure of the Agent to make such request shall not relieve the Company
of any obligation or liability hereunder, or affect the Agents right to rely on the representations and warranties made by the
Company in this Agreement and provided, further, that the only remedy the Agent shall have with respect to the failure to make such filing
shall be to cease making sales under this Agreement until such amendment or supplement is filed); (iii) the Company will not file any
amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or Prospectus relating to the Placement Shares or a security convertible into the
Placement Shares unless a copy thereof has been submitted to Agent within a reasonable period of time before the filing and the Agent
has not objected thereto (provided, however, that (A) the failure of the Agent to make such objection shall not relieve the Company of
any obligation or liability hereunder, or affect the Agents right to rely on the representations and warranties made by the Company
in this Agreement, and (B) the Company has no obligation to provide the Agent any advance copy of such filing or to provide the Agent
an opportunity to object to such filing if the filing does not name the Agent or does not relate to the transaction herein provided; and
provided, further, that the only remedy Agent shall have with respect to the failure by the Company to obtain such consent shall be to
cease making sales under this Agreement) and the Company will furnish to the Agent at the time of filing thereof a copy of any document
that upon filing is deemed to be incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement or Prospectus, except for those documents available
via EDGAR; and (iv) the Company will cause each amendment or supplement to the Prospectus to be filed with the Commission as required
pursuant to the applicable paragraph of Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act or, in the case of any document to be incorporated therein by
reference, to be filed with the Commission as required pursuant to the Exchange Act, within the time period prescribed (the determination
to file or not file any amendment or supplement with the Commission under this Section 7(a), based on the Companys reasonable opinion
or reasonable objections, shall be made exclusively by the Company).

16 

(b) Notice
of Commission Stop Orders. The Company will advise the Agent, promptly after it receives notice or obtains knowledge thereof, of the
issuance or threatened issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, of the
suspension of the qualification of the Placement Shares for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or of the initiation or threatening
of any proceeding for any such purpose; and it will promptly use its commercially reasonable efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop
order or to obtain its withdrawal if such a stop order should be issued. The Company will advise the Agent promptly after it receives
any request by the Commission for any amendments to the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplements to the Prospectus or any
Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or for additional information related to the offering of the Placement Shares or for additional information
related to the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus.

(c) Delivery
of Prospectus; Subsequent Changes. During the Prospectus Delivery Period, the Company will comply with all requirements imposed upon
it by the Securities Act, as from time to time in force, and to file on or before their respective due dates all reports and any definitive
proxy or information statements required to be filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant to Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14, 15(d) or
any other provision of or under the Exchange Act. If the Company has omitted any information from the Registration Statement pursuant
to Rule 430A under the Securities Act, it will use its best efforts to comply with the provisions of and make all requisite filings with
the Commission pursuant to said Rule 430A and to notify the Agent promptly of all such filings. If during the Prospectus Delivery Period
any event occurs as a result of which the Prospectus as then amended or supplemented would include an untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances then existing, not misleading,
or if during the Prospectus Delivery Period it is necessary to amend or supplement the Registration Statement or Prospectus to comply
with the Securities Act, the Company will promptly notify Agent to suspend the offering of Placement Shares during such period and the
Company will promptly amend or supplement the Registration Statement or Prospectus (at the expense of the Company) so as to correct such
statement or omission or effect such compliance; provided, however, that the Company may delay the filing of any amendment or supplement,
if in the judgment of the Company, it is in the best interests of the Company.

17 

(d) Listing
of Placement Shares. During the Prospectus Delivery Period, the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the
Placement Shares to be listed on the Exchange and to qualify the Placement Shares for sale under the securities laws of such jurisdictions
as Agent reasonably designates and to continue such qualifications in effect so long as required for the distribution of the Placement
Shares; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required in connection therewith to qualify as a foreign corporation or dealer
in securities or file a general consent to service of process in any jurisdiction.

(e) Delivery
of Registration Statement and Prospectus. The Company will furnish to the Agent and its counsel (at the expense of the Company) copies
of the Registration Statement, the Prospectus (including all documents incorporated by reference therein) and all amendments and supplements
to the Registration Statement or Prospectus that are filed with the Commission during the Prospectus Delivery Period (including all documents
filed with the Commission during such period that are deemed to be incorporated by reference therein), in each case as soon as reasonably
practicable and in such quantities as the Agent may from time to time reasonably request and, at Agents request, will also furnish
copies of the Prospectus to each exchange or market on which sales of the Placement Shares may be made; provided, however, that the Company
shall not be required to furnish any document (other than the Prospectus) to the Agent to the extent such document is available on EDGAR.

(f) Earnings
Statement. The Company will make generally available to its security holders as soon as practicable, but in any event not later than
15 months after the end of the Companys current fiscal quarter, an earnings statement covering a 12-month period that satisfies
the provisions of Section 11(a) and Rule 158 of the Securities Act.

(g) Use
of Proceeds. The Company will use the Net Proceeds as described in the Prospectus in the section entitled Use of Proceeds.

18 

(h) Notice
of Other Sales. Without the prior written consent of Agent, the Company will not, directly or indirectly, offer to sell, sell, contract
to sell, grant any option to sell or otherwise dispose of any Common Stock (other than the Placement Shares offered pursuant to this Agreement)
or securities convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock, warrants or any rights to purchase or acquire, Common Stock during the
period beginning on the date on which any Placement Notice is delivered to Agent hereunder and ending on the second (2nd) Trading
Day immediately following the final Settlement Date with respect to Placement Shares sold pursuant to such Placement Notice (or, if the
Placement Notice has been terminated or suspended prior to the sale of all Placement Shares covered by a Placement Notice, the date of
such suspension or termination); and will not directly or indirectly in any other at the market or continuous equity transaction
offer to sell, sell, contract to sell, grant any option to sell or otherwise dispose of any Common Stock (other than the Placement Shares
offered pursuant to this Agreement) or securities convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock, warrants or any rights to purchase
or acquire, Common Stock prior to the termination of this Agreement; provided, however, that such restrictions will not be required in
connection with the Companys issuance or sale of (i) Common Stock, restricted stock awards, restricted stock units, options to
purchase Common Stock or Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of options, pursuant to any employee or director stock option or benefits
plan, stock ownership plan or dividend reinvestment plan (but not Common Stock subject to a waiver to exceed plan limits in its dividend
reinvestment plan) of the Company whether now in effect or hereafter implemented, (ii) Common Stock issuable upon conversion of securities
or the exercise of warrants, options or other rights in effect or outstanding, and (iii) Common Stock, or securities convertible into
or exercisable for Common Stock, offered and sold in a negotiated transaction to vendors, customers, strategic partners or potential strategic
partners, acquisition candidates or other investors conducted in a manner so as not to be integrated with the offering of Common Stock
hereby.

(i) Change
of Circumstances. The Company will, at any time during the pendency of a Placement Notice advise the Agent promptly after it shall
have received notice or obtained knowledge thereof, of any information or fact that would alter or affect in any material respect any
opinion, certificate, letter or other document required to be provided to the Agent pursuant to this Agreement.

(j) Due
Diligence Cooperation. The Company will cooperate with any reasonable due diligence review conducted by the Agent or its representatives
in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, including, without limitation, providing information and making available documents
and senior corporate officers, during regular business hours and at the Companys principal offices, as the Agent may reasonably
request.

(k) Required
Filings Relating to Placement of Placement Shares. The Company agrees that it will disclose in its annual report on Form 10-K and
its quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and, if required by any subsequent change in Commission policy or request, more frequently by means
of a Current Report on Form 8-K or a further prospectus supplement to be filed with the Commission under the applicable paragraph of Rule
424(b) under the Securities Act, which will set forth, within the relevant period, the amount of Placement Shares sold through the Agent,
the Net Proceeds to the Company and the compensation payable by the Company to the Agent with respect to such Placement Shares. For all
prospectus supplements filed pursuant to this Section 7(k), the Company agrees to deliver such number of copies of each such prospectus
supplement to each exchange or market on which such sales were effected as may be required by the rules or regulations of such exchange
or market.

(l) Representation
Dates; Certificate. On the Closing Date and within five (5) Trading Days of each time the Company:

(i) files
the Prospectus relating to the Placement Shares or amends or supplements (other than a prospectus supplement relating solely to an offering
of securities other than the Placement Shares), the Registration Statement or the Prospectus relating to the Placement Shares by means
of a post-effective amendment, sticker, or supplement but not by means of incorporation of documents by reference into the Registration
Statement or the Prospectus relating to the Placement Shares;

19 

(ii) files
an annual report on Form 10-K under the Exchange Act (including any Form 10-K/A containing amended financial information or a material
amendment to the previously filed Form 10-K);

(iii) files
a quarterly report on Form 10-Q under the Exchange Act; or

(iv) files
a current report on Form 8-K containing amended financial information (other than information furnished pursuant to Items
2.02 or 7.01 of Form 8-K or to provide disclosure pursuant to Item 8.01 of Form 8-K relating to the reclassification of certain
properties as discontinued operations in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 144) under the Exchange
Act; (Each date of filing of one or more of the documents referred to in clauses (i) through (iv) shall be a Representation
Date)

the Company shall furnish the
Agent (but in the case of clause (iv) above only if the Agent reasonably determines that the information contained in such Form 8-K
is material) with a certificate, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 7(l) (the Representation Date Certificate);
provided however, if no Placement Notice is pending at such Representation Date, then before the Company delivers a Placement Notice or
the Agent sells any Placement Shares, the Company shall provide the Agent with a Representation Date Certificate. The requirement to provide
a Representation Date Certificate shall be waived for any Representation Date occurring at a time at which no Placement Notice is pending,
which waiver shall continue until the earlier to occur of the date the Company delivers a Placement Notice hereunder (which for such calendar
quarter shall be considered a Representation Date) and the next occurring Representation Date; provided, however, that such waiver shall
not apply for any Representation Date on which the Company files its annual report on Form 10-K. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the
Company subsequently decides to sell Placement Shares following a Representation Date when the Company relied on such waiver and did not
provide the Agent with a Representation Date Certificate, then before the Company delivers the Placement Notice or the Agent sells any
Placement Shares, the Company shall provide the Agent with a Representation Date Certificate, dated the date of the Placement Notice.

(m) Legal
Opinion. On the Closing Date, the Company shall cause to be furnished to the Agent a written opinion and negative assurance letter
of Harter Secrest & Emery LLP (Company Counsel), or other counsel satisfactory to the Agent, in form and substance
satisfactory to Agent and its counsel. Thereafter, within five (5) Trading Days of each Representation Date with respect to which
the Company is obligated to deliver a Representation Date Certificate for which no waiver is applicable, the Company shall cause to be
furnished to the Agent a negative assurance letter of Company Counsel in form and substance satisfactory to Agent and its counsel; provided
however, if no Placement Notice is pending at such Representation Date, then before the Company delivers a Placement Notice or the Agent
sells any Placement Shares, the Company shall provide the Agent with such negative assurance letter; provided, further, that in lieu of
such negative assurance letter for subsequent periodic filings under the Exchange Act, counsel may furnish the Agent with a letter (a
Reliance Letter) to the effect that the Agent may rely on a prior negative assurance letter delivered under this
Section 7(m) to the same extent as if it were dated the date of such letter (except that statements in such prior negative assurance
letter shall be deemed to relate to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus as amended or supplemented as of the date of the Reliance
Letter).

20 

(n) Comfort
Letter. (1) On the Closing Date and (2) within five (5) Trading Days of each Representation Date, with respect to which
the Company is obligated to deliver a certificate in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 7(l) for which no waiver is applicable, the Company
shall cause its independent accountants to furnish the Agent letters (the Comfort Letters), dated the date the Comfort
Letter is delivered, which shall meet the requirements set forth in this Section 7(n); provided however, if no Placement Notice is
pending at such Representation Date, then before the Company delivers a Placement Notice or the Agent sells any Placement Shares, the
Company shall provide the Agent with the Comfort Letter; provided, further, that if requested by the Agent, the Company shall cause a
Comfort Letter to be furnished to the Agent within ten (10) Trading Days of the date of occurrence of any material transaction or
event, including the restatement of the Companys financial statements. The Comfort Letter from the Companys independent
accountants shall be in a form and substance satisfactory to the Agent, (i) confirming that they are an independent public accounting
firm within the meaning of the Securities Act and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (the PCAOB), (ii) stating,
as of such date, the conclusions and findings of such firm with respect to the financial information and other matters ordinarily covered
by accountants comfort letters to underwriters in connection with registered public offerings (the first such letter,
the Initial Comfort Letter), and (iii) updating the Initial Comfort Letter with any information that would have
been included in the Initial Comfort Letter had it been given on such date and modified as necessary to relate to the Registration Statement
and the Prospectus, as amended and supplemented to the date of such letter.

(o) Market
Activities. The Company will not, directly or indirectly, (i) take any action designed to cause or result in, or that constitutes
or might reasonably be expected to constitute, the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate
the sale or resale of Common Stock, or (ii) sell, bid for, or purchase Common Stock, or pay anyone any compensation for soliciting
purchases of the Placement Shares other than the Agent.

(p) Investment
Company Act. The Company will conduct its affairs in such a manner so as to reasonably ensure that it will not become, at any time
prior to the termination of this Agreement, an investment company, as such term is defined in the Investment Company Act.

(q) No Offer
to Sell. Other than an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus approved in advance by the Company and the Agent in its capacity as agent hereunder,
neither the Agent nor the Company (including its agents and representatives, other than Agent in their capacity as such) will make, use,
prepare, authorize, approve or refer to any written communication (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act), required to be filed
with the Commission, that constitutes an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy Placement Shares hereunder.

21 

(r) Sarbanes-Oxley
Act. The Company will maintain and keep accurate books and records reflecting its assets and maintain internal accounting controls
in a manner designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP and including those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance
of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company, (ii) provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit the preparation of the Companys consolidated financial
statements in accordance with GAAP, (iii) that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with managements
and the Companys directors authorization, and (iv) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection
of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Companys assets that could have a material effect on its financial statements.
The Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain such controls and other procedures, including, without limitation, those
required by Sections 302 and 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and the applicable regulations thereunder that are designed to ensure that
information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms, including, without limitation, controls
and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under
the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Companys management, including its principal executive officer and principal
financial officer, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and
to ensure that material information relating to the Company is made known to it by others within the Company, particularly during the
period in which such periodic reports are being prepared.

8. Payment
of Expenses. The Company will pay all expenses incident to the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, including (i) the
preparation, filing, including any fees required by the Commission, and printing of the Registration Statement (including financial statements
and exhibits) as originally filed and of each amendment and supplement thereto, in such number as the Agent shall deem necessary, (ii) the
printing and delivery to the Agent of this Agreement and such other documents as may be required in connection with the offering, purchase,
sale, issuance or delivery of the Placement Shares, (iii) the preparation, issuance and delivery of the certificates, if any, for
the Placement Shares to the Agent, including any stock or other transfer taxes and any capital duties, stamp duties or other duties or
taxes payable upon the sale, issuance or delivery of the Placement Shares to the Agent, (iv) the fees and disbursements of the counsel,
accountants and other advisors to the Company, (v) the reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of Agent, including fees and disbursements
of counsel to the Agent up to $50,000 (which amount shall include all fees and disbursements of such counsel described in clause (ix)
below) and quarterly disbursements of counsel to the Agent up to $5,000 per calendar quarter, (vi) the printing and delivery to the
Agent of copies of any Permitted Issuer Free Writing Prospectus (defined below) and the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto
in such number as the Agent shall deem necessary, (vii) the preparation, printing and delivery to the Agent of copies of the blue
sky survey and any Canadian wrapper and any supplements thereto, in such number as the Agent shall deem necessary, (viii) the
fees and expenses of the transfer agent and registrar for the Common Stock, (ix) the fees and expenses incident to any review by
FINRA of the terms of the sale of the Placement Shares, including fees and expenses of counsel to the Agent, and (x) the fees and
expenses incurred in connection with the listing of the Placement Shares on the Exchange.

22 

9. Conditions
to Agents Obligations. The obligations of the Agent hereunder with respect to a Placement will be subject to the continuing
accuracy and completeness of the representations and warranties made by the Company herein, to the due performance by the Company of its
obligations hereunder, to the completion by the Agent of a due diligence review satisfactory to it in its reasonable judgment, and to
the continuing satisfaction (or waiver by the Agent in its sole discretion) of the following additional conditions:

(a) Registration
Statement Effective. The Registration Statement shall have become effective and shall be available for the sale of all Placement Shares
contemplated to be issued by any Placement Notice.

(b) No Material
Notices. None of the following events shall have occurred and be continuing: (i) receipt by the Company of any request for additional
information from the Commission or any other federal or state governmental authority during the period of effectiveness of the Registration
Statement, the response to which would require any post-effective amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement or the Prospectus;
(ii) the issuance by the Commission or any other federal or state governmental authority of any stop order suspending the effectiveness
of the Registration Statement or the initiation of any proceedings for that purpose; (iii) receipt by the Company of any notification
with respect to the suspension of the qualification or exemption from qualification of any of the Placement Shares for sale in any jurisdiction
or the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose; or (iv) the occurrence of any event that makes any material
statement made in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus or any material document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein
by reference untrue in any material respect or that requires the making of any changes in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or
documents so that, in the case of the Registration Statement, it will not contain any materially untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading and, that in
the case of the Prospectus, it will not contain any materially untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading.

(c) No Misstatement
or Material Omission. Agent shall not have advised the Company that the Registration Statement or Prospectus, or any amendment or
supplement thereto, contains an untrue statement of fact that in the Agents reasonable opinion is material, or omits to state a
fact that in the Agents opinion is material and is required to be stated therein or is necessary to make the statements therein
not misleading.

(d) Material
Changes. Except as contemplated in the Prospectus, or disclosed in the Companys reports filed with the Commission, there shall
not have been any material adverse change, on a consolidated basis, in the authorized capital stock of the Company or any Material Adverse
Effect, or any development that could reasonably be expected to cause a Material Adverse Effect, or a downgrading in or withdrawal of
the rating assigned to any of the Companys securities (other than asset backed securities) by any rating organization or a public
announcement by any rating organization that it has under surveillance or review its rating of any of the Companys securities (other
than asset backed securities), the effect of which, in the case of any such action by a rating organization described above, in the reasonable
judgment of the Agent (without relieving the Company of any obligation or liability it may otherwise have), is so material as to make
it impracticable or inadvisable to proceed with the offering of the Placement Shares on the terms and in the manner contemplated in the
Prospectus.

23 

(e) Legal
Opinion. The Agent shall have received the opinion and negative assurance letter of Company Counsel required to be delivered pursuant
Section 7(m) on or before the date on which such delivery of such opinion is required pursuant to Section 7(m).

(f) Comfort
Letter. The Agent shall have received the Comfort Letter required to be delivered pursuant Section 7(n) on or before the date
on which such delivery of such Comfort Letter is required pursuant to Section 7(n).

(g) Representation
Certificate. The Agent shall have received the certificate required to be delivered pursuant to Section 7(l) on or before the
date on which delivery of such certificate is required pursuant to Section 7(l).

(h) Secretarys
Certificate. On the Closing Date, the Agent shall have received a certificate, signed on behalf of the Company by its corporate Secretary,
in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent and its counsel.

(i) No Suspension.
Trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended on the Exchange, and the Common Stock shall not have been delisted from the
Exchange.

(j) Other
Materials. On each date on which the Company is required to deliver a certificate pursuant to Section 7(l), the Company shall
have furnished to the Agent such appropriate further information, certificates and documents as the Agent may reasonably request. All
such opinions, certificates, letters and other documents will be in compliance with the provisions hereof. The Company will furnish the
Agent with such conformed copies of such opinions, certificates, letters and other documents as the Agent shall reasonably request.

(k) Securities
Act Filings Made. All filings with the Commission required by Rule 424 under the Securities Act to have been filed prior to the issuance
of any Placement Notice hereunder shall have been made within the applicable time period prescribed for such filing by Rule 424.

(l) Approval
for Listing. The Placement Shares shall either have been approved for listing quotation on the Exchange, subject only to notice of
issuance, or the Company shall have filed an application for listing quotation of the Placement Shares on the Exchange at, or prior to,
the issuance of any Placement Notice.

(m) No Termination
Event. There shall not have occurred any event that would permit the Agent to terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 12(a).

24 

10. Indemnification
and Contribution.

(a) Company
Indemnification. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Agent, its partners, members, directors, officers, employees
and agents and each person, if any, who controls the Agent within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20
of the Exchange Act as follows:

(i) against
any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as incurred, joint or several, arising out of or based upon any untrue
statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto), or the omission
or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading,
or arising out of any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact included in any related Issuer Free Writing Prospectus
or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact necessary
in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading;

(ii) against
any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as incurred, joint or several, to the extent of the aggregate amount
paid in settlement of any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened,
or of any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue statement or omission, or any such alleged untrue statement or omission; provided
that (subject to Section 10(d) below) any such settlement is effected with the written consent of the Agent, which consent shall
not unreasonably be delayed or withheld; and

(iii) against
any and all expense whatsoever (including the fees and disbursements of counsel), reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending
against any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever
based upon any such untrue statement or omission, or any such alleged untrue statement or omission, to the extent that any such expense
is not paid under (i) or (ii) above, provided, however, that this indemnity agreement shall not apply to any loss,
liability, claim, damage or expense to the extent arising out of any untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission
made solely in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by the Agent expressly for use in the
Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto), or in any related Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment
or supplement thereto).

(b) Agent
Indemnification. Agent agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company and its directors and each officer of the Company who signed
the Registration Statement, and each person, if any, who (i) controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities
Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, or (ii) is controlled by or is under common control with the Company against any and
all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense described in the indemnity contained in Section 10(a), as incurred, but only with
respect to untrue statements or omissions, or alleged untrue statements or omissions, made in the Registration Statement (or any amendments
thereto) or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto) in reliance upon and in conformity with information relating to the
Agent and furnished to the Company in writing by the Agent expressly for use therein.

25 

(c) Procedure.
Any party that proposes to assert the right to be indemnified under this Section 10 will, promptly after receipt of notice of commencement
of any action against such party in respect of which a claim is to be made against an indemnifying party or parties under this Section 10,
notify each such indemnifying party of the commencement of such action, enclosing a copy of all papers served, but the omission so to
notify such indemnifying party will not relieve the indemnifying party from (i) any liability that it might have to any indemnified
party otherwise than under this Section 10, and (ii) any liability that it may have to any indemnified party under the foregoing
provision of this Section 10 unless, and only to the extent that, such omission results in the forfeiture of substantive rights or
defenses by the indemnifying party. If any such action is brought against any indemnified party and it notifies the indemnifying party
of its commencement, the indemnifying party will be entitled to participate in and, to the extent that it elects by delivering written
notice to the indemnified party promptly after receiving notice of the commencement of the action from the indemnified party, jointly
with any other indemnifying party similarly notified, to assume the defense of the action, with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the
indemnified party, and after notice from the indemnifying party to the indemnified party of its election to assume the defense, the indemnifying
party will not be liable to the indemnified party for any legal or other expenses except as provided below and except for the reasonable
costs of investigation subsequently incurred by the indemnified party in connection with the defense. The indemnified party will have
the right to employ its own counsel in any such action, but the fees, expenses and other charges of such counsel will be at the expense
of such indemnified party unless (1) the employment of counsel by the indemnified party has been authorized in writing by the indemnifying
party, (2) the indemnified party has reasonably concluded (based on written advice of counsel) that there may be legal defenses available
to it or other indemnified parties that are different from or in addition to those available to the indemnifying party, (3) a conflict
or potential conflict exists (based on written advice of counsel to the indemnified party) between the indemnified party and the indemnifying
party (in which case the indemnifying party will not have the right to direct the defense of such action on behalf of the indemnified
party), or (4) the indemnifying party has not in fact employed counsel to assume the defense of such action within a reasonable time
after receiving notice of the commencement of the action, in each of which cases the reasonable fees, disbursements and other charges
of counsel will be at the expense of the indemnifying party or parties. It is understood that the indemnifying party or parties shall
not, in connection with any proceeding or related proceedings in the same jurisdiction, be liable for the reasonable fees, disbursements
and other charges of more than one separate firm admitted to practice in such jurisdiction at any one time for all such indemnified party
or parties. All such fees, disbursements and other charges will be reimbursed by the indemnifying party promptly after the indemnifying
party receives a written invoice relating to fees, disbursements and other charges in reasonable detail. An indemnifying party will not,
in any event, be liable for any settlement of any action or claim effected without its written consent. No indemnifying party shall,
without the prior written consent of each indemnified party, settle or compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment in any pending
or threatened claim, action or proceeding relating to the matters contemplated by this Section 10 (whether or not any indemnified
party is a party thereto), unless such settlement, compromise or consent (1) includes an unconditional release of each indemnified
party from all liability arising out of such litigation, investigation, proceeding or claim, and (2) does not include a statement
as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf of any indemnified party.

26 

(d) Contribution.
In order to provide for just and equitable contribution in circumstances in which the indemnification provided for in the foregoing paragraphs
of this Section 10 is applicable in accordance with its terms but for any reason is held to be unavailable from the Company or the
Agent, the Company and the Agent will contribute to the total losses, claims, liabilities, expenses and damages (including any investigative,
legal and other expenses reasonably incurred in connection with, and any amount paid in settlement of, any action, suit or proceeding
or any claim asserted, but after deducting any contribution received by the Company from persons other than the Agent, such as persons
who control the Company within the meaning of the Securities Act, officers of the Company who signed the Registration Statement and directors
of the Company, who also may be liable for contribution) to which the Company and the Agent may be subject in such proportion as shall
be appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and the Agent on the other hand. The relative
benefits received by the Company on the one hand and the Agent on the other hand shall be deemed to be in the same proportion as the total
net proceeds from the sale of the Placement Shares (before deducting expenses) received by the Company bear to the total compensation
received by the Agent (before deducting expenses) from the sale of Placement Shares on behalf of the Company. If, but only if, the allocation
provided by the foregoing sentence is not permitted by applicable law, the allocation of contribution shall be made in such proportion
as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in the foregoing sentence but also the relative fault of the Company,
on the one hand, and the Agent, on the other hand, with respect to the statements or omission that resulted in such loss, claim, liability,
expense or damage, or action in respect thereof, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations with respect to such offering.
Such relative fault shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material
fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company or the Agent, the intent
of the parties and their relative knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission. The
Company and the Agent agree that it would not be just and equitable if contributions pursuant to this Section 10(d) were to be determined
by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not take into account the equitable considerations referred to herein.
The amount paid or payable by an indemnified party as a result of the loss, claim, liability, expense, or damage, or action in respect
thereof, referred to above in this Section 10(d) shall be deemed to include, for the purpose of this Section 10(d), any legal
or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in connection with investigating or defending any such action or claim
to the extent consistent with Section 10(c) hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 10(d), the Agent
shall not be required to contribute any amount in excess of the commissions received by it under this Agreement and no person found guilty
of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) will be entitled to contribution from
any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. For purposes of this Section 10(d), any person who controls a
party to this Agreement within the meaning of the Securities Act, and any officers, directors, partners, employees or agents of the Agent,
will have the same rights to contribution as that party, and each officer of the Company who signed the Registration Statement will have
the same rights to contribution as the Company, subject in each case to the provisions hereof. Any party entitled to contribution, promptly
after receipt of notice of commencement of any action against such party in respect of which a claim for contribution may be made under
this Section 10(d), will notify any such party or parties from whom contribution may be sought, but the omission to so notify will
not relieve that party or parties from whom contribution may be sought from any other obligation it or they may have under this Section 10(d)
except to the extent that the failure to so notify such other party materially prejudiced the substantive rights or defenses of the party
from whom contribution is sought. Except for a settlement entered into pursuant to the last sentence of Section 10(c) hereof, no
party will be liable for contribution with respect to any action or claim settled without its written consent if such consent is required
pursuant to Section 10(c) hereof.

27 

11. Additional
Covenants.

(a) Representations
and Covenants of the Agent. The Agent represents and warrants that it is duly registered as a broker-dealer under FINRA, the Exchange
Act and the applicable statutes and regulations of each state in which the Placement Shares will be offered and sold, except such states
in which the Agent is exempt from registration or such registration is not otherwise required. The Agent shall continue, for the term
of this Agreement, to be duly registered as a broker-dealer under FINRA, the Exchange Act and the applicable statutes and regulations
of each state in which the Placement Shares will be offered and sold, except such states in which the Agent is exempt from registration
or such registration is not otherwise required, during the term of this Agreement. The Agent shall comply with all applicable law and
regulations in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including the issuance and sale through the Agent of the
Placement Shares.

(b) Representations
and Agreements to Survive Delivery. The indemnity and contribution agreements contained in Section 10 of this Agreement and all
representations and warranties of the parties herein or in certificates delivered pursuant hereto shall survive, as of their respective
dates, regardless of (i) any investigation made by or on behalf of the Agent, any controlling persons, or the Company (or any of
their respective officers, directors or controlling persons), (ii) delivery and acceptance of the Placement Shares and payment therefor,
or (iii) any termination of this Agreement.

12. Termination.

(a) The
Agent may terminate this Agreement, by notice to the Company, as hereinafter specified at any time (1) if there has been, since the
time of execution of this Agreement or since the date as of which information is given in the Prospectus, any Material Adverse Effect,
or any development that is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect or, in the sole judgment of the Agent, is material and
adverse and makes it impractical or inadvisable to market the Placement Shares or to enforce contracts for the sale of the Placement Shares,
(2) if there has occurred any material adverse change in the financial markets in the United States or the international financial
markets, any outbreak of hostilities or escalation thereof or other calamity or crisis or any change or development involving a prospective
change in national or international political, financial or economic conditions, in each case the effect of which is such as to make it,
in the judgment of the Agent, impracticable or inadvisable to market the Placement Shares or to enforce contracts for the sale of the
Placement Shares, (3) if trading in the Common Stock has been suspended or limited by the Commission or the Exchange, or if trading
generally on the Exchange has been suspended or limited, or minimum prices for trading have been fixed on the Exchange, (4) if any
suspension of trading of any securities of the Company on any exchange or in the over-the-counter market shall have occurred and be continuing,
(5) if a major disruption of securities settlements or clearance services in the United States shall have occurred and be continuing,
or (6) if a banking moratorium has been declared by either U.S. Federal or New York authorities. Any such termination shall be without
liability of any party to any other party except that the provisions of Section 8 (Payment of Expenses), Section 10 (Indemnification
and Contribution), Section 11(b) (Representations and Agreements to Survive Delivery), Section 17 (Governing Law and Time; Waiver
of Jury Trial) and Section 18 (Consent to Jurisdiction) hereof shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding such termination.
If the Agent elects to terminate this Agreement as provided in this Section 12(a), the Agent shall provide the required notice as
specified in Section 13 (Notices).

28 

(b) The
Company shall have the right, by giving five (5) days written notice as hereinafter specified, to terminate this Agreement in its
sole discretion at any time after the date of this Agreement. Any such termination shall be without liability of any party to any other
party except that the provisions of Section 8, Section 10, Section 11(b), Section 17 and Section 18 hereof shall
remain in full force and effect notwithstanding such termination.

(c) The
Agent shall have the right, by giving five (5) days written notice as hereinafter specified, to terminate this Agreement in its
sole discretion at any time after the date of this Agreement. Any such termination shall be without liability of any party to any other
party except that the provisions of Section 8, Section 10, Section 11(b), Section 17 and Section 18 hereof shall
remain in full force and effect notwithstanding such termination.

(d) Unless
earlier terminated pursuant to this Section 12, this Agreement shall automatically terminate upon the issuance and sale of all of
the Placement Shares through the Agent on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein; provided that the provisions of Section 8,
Section 10, Section 11(b), Section 17 and Section 18 hereof shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding
such termination.

(e) This
Agreement shall remain in full force and effect unless terminated pursuant to Sections 12(a), (b), (c), or (d) above or otherwise
by mutual agreement of the parties; provided, however, that any such termination by mutual agreement shall in all cases be deemed to provide
that Section 8, Section 10, Section 11(b), Section 17 and Section 18 shall remain in full force and effect.

(f) Any
termination of this Agreement shall be effective on the date specified in such notice of termination; provided, however, that such termination
shall not be effective until the close of business on the date of receipt of such notice by the Agent or the Company, as the case may
be. If such termination shall occur prior to the Settlement Date for any sale of Placement Shares, such Placement Shares shall settle
in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.

(g) Subject
to the additional limitations set forth in Section 8 of this Agreement, in the event of termination of this Agreement prior to the
sale of any Placement Shares, the Agent shall be entitled only to reimbursement of its out-of-pocket expenses actually incurred.

29 

13. Notices.
All notices or other communications required or permitted to be given by any party to any other party pursuant to the terms of this Agreement
shall be in writing, unless otherwise specified, and if sent to the Agent, shall be delivered to:

Roth Capital Partners, LLC

888 San Clemente

Newport Beach, CA 92660

Fax No.: (949) 720-7227

Attention: Managing Director

with a copy to:

Maynard Nexsen PC

1901 Sixth Avenue North, Suite 1700

Birmingham, Alabama 35203

Attn: Lori B. Metrock, Esq.

Fax: (205) 254-1999

Email: ###

and if to the Company, shall be delivered to:

VerifyMe, Inc.

801 International Parkway, Fifth Floor

Lake Mary, FL 32746

Attn: Adam Stedham

E-mail: ###

with a copy to:

Harter Secrest & Emery LLP

1600 Bausch & Lomb Place

Rochester, New York 14604

Attn: Alexander R. McClean

E-mail: ###

Each party to this Agreement
may change such address for notices by sending to the parties to this Agreement written notice of a new address for such purpose. Each
such notice or other communication shall be deemed given (i) when delivered personally or by verifiable facsimile transmission (with
an original to follow) on or before 4:30 p.m., New York City time, on a Business Day or, if such day is not a Business Day, on the
next succeeding Business Day, (ii) on the next Business Day after timely delivery to a nationally-recognized overnight courier, and
(iii) on the Business Day actually received if deposited in the U.S. mail (certified or registered mail, return receipt requested,
postage prepaid).

An electronic communication
(Electronic Notice) shall be deemed written notice for purposes of this Section 13 if sent to the electronic
mail address specified by the receiving party under separate cover. Electronic Notice shall be deemed received at the time the party sending
Electronic Notice receives verification of receipt by the receiving party. Any party receiving Electronic Notice may request and shall
be entitled to receive the notice on paper, in a nonelectronic form (Nonelectronic Notice) which shall be sent to
the requesting party within ten (10) days of receipt of the written request for Nonelectronic Notice.

14. Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Company and the Agent and their respective successors
and the affiliates, controlling persons, officers and directors referred to in Section 10 hereof. References to any of the parties
contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to include the successors and permitted assigns of such party. Nothing in this Agreement,
express or implied, is intended to confer upon any party other than the parties hereto or their respective successors and permitted assigns
any rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement, except as expressly provided in this Agreement.
Neither party may assign its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other party; provided,
however, that the Agent may assign its rights and obligations hereunder to an affiliate thereof without obtaining the Companys
consent.

30 

15. Adjustments
for Stock Splits. The parties acknowledge and agree that all share-related numbers contained in this Agreement shall be adjusted to
take into account any stock split, stock dividend or similar event effected with respect to the Placement Shares.

16. Entire
Agreement; Amendment; Severability. This Agreement (including all schedules and exhibits attached hereto and Placement Notices issued
pursuant hereto) constitutes the entire agreement and supersedes all other prior and contemporaneous agreements and undertakings, both
written and oral, among the parties hereto with regard to the subject matter hereof. Neither this Agreement nor any term hereof may be
amended except pursuant to a written instrument executed by the Company and the Agent. In the event that any one or more of the provisions
contained herein, or the application thereof in any circumstance, is held invalid, illegal or unenforceable as written by a court of competent
jurisdiction, then such provision shall be given full force and effect to the fullest possible extent that it is valid, legal and enforceable,
and the remainder of the terms and provisions herein shall be construed as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable term or provision
was not contained herein, but only to the extent that giving effect to such provision and the remainder of the terms and provisions hereof
shall be in accordance with the intent of the parties as reflected in this Agreement.

17. GOVERNING
LAW AND TIME; WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF
NEW YORK WITHOUT REGARD TO THE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAWS. SPECIFIED TIMES OF DAY REFER TO NEW YORK CITY TIME. THE COMPANY HEREBY
IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING
OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

18. CONSENT
TO JURISDICTION. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE NON-EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE STATE AND FEDERAL COURTS SITTING IN
THE CITY OF NEW YORK, BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN, FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED
HEREBY, AND HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, AND AGREES NOT TO ASSERT IN ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING, ANY CLAIM THAT IT IS NOT PERSONALLY
SUBJECT TO THE JURISDICTION OF ANY SUCH COURT, THAT SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING IS BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT FORUM OR THAT THE VENUE
OF SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING IS IMPROPER. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES PERSONAL SERVICE OF PROCESS AND CONSENTS TO PROCESS
BEING SERVED IN ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING BY MAILING A COPY THEREOF (CERTIFIED OR REGISTERED MAIL, RETURN RECEIPT REQUESTED)
TO SUCH PARTY AT THE ADDRESS IN EFFECT FOR NOTICES TO IT UNDER THIS AGREEMENT AND AGREES THAT SUCH SERVICE SHALL CONSTITUTE GOOD AND SUFFICIENT
SERVICE OF PROCESS AND NOTICE THEREOF. NOTHING CONTAINED HEREIN SHALL BE DEEMED TO LIMIT IN ANY WAY ANY RIGHT TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY
MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW.

31 

19. Use
of Information. The Agent may not use any information gained in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement, including due diligence, to advise any party with respect to transactions not expressly approved by the Company.

20. Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall
constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed Agreement by one party to the other may be made by facsimile transmission.

21. Effect
of Headings. The section and Exhibit headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof.

22. Permitted
Free Writing Prospectuses.

The Company represents, warrants and agrees that,
unless it obtains the prior consent of the Agent, and the Agent represents, warrants and agrees that, unless it obtains the prior consent
of the Company, it has not made and will not make any offer relating to the Placement Shares that would constitute an Issuer Free Writing
Prospectus, or that would otherwise constitute a free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 405, required to be filed
with the Commission. Any such free writing prospectus consented to by the Agent or by the Company, as the case may be, is hereinafter
referred to as a Permitted Free Writing Prospectus. The Company represents and warrants that it has treated and agrees that
it will treat each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus as an issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433,
and has complied and will comply with the requirements of Rule 433 applicable to any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, including
timely filing with the Commission where required, legending and record keeping.

23. Absence
of Fiduciary Relationship.

The Company acknowledges and
agrees that:

(a) The
Agent is acting solely as agent in connection with the public offering of the Placement Shares and in connection with each transaction
contemplated by this Agreement and the process leading to such transactions, and no fiduciary or advisory relationship between the Company
or any of its respective affiliates, stockholders (or other equity holders), creditors or employees or any other party, on the one hand,
and the Agent, on the other hand, has been or will be created in respect of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, irrespective
of whether or not the Agent has advised or is advising the Company on other matters, and the Agent has no obligation to the Company with
respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement except the obligations expressly set forth in this Agreement;

(b) it
is capable of evaluating and understanding, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement;

32 

(c) the
Agent has not provided any legal, accounting, regulatory or tax advice with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
and it has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate;

(d) it
is aware that the Agent and its affiliates are engaged in a broad range of transactions which may involve interests that differ from those
of the Company and the Agent has no obligation to disclose such interests and transactions to the Company by virtue of any fiduciary,
advisory or agency relationship or otherwise; and

(e) it
waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims it may have against the Agent for breach of fiduciary duty or alleged breach
of fiduciary duty in connection with the sale of Placement Shares under this Agreement and agrees that the Agent shall not have any liability
(whether direct or indirect, in contract, tort or otherwise) to it in respect of such a fiduciary duty claim or to any person asserting
a fiduciary duty claim on its behalf or in right of it or the Company, employees or creditors of Company, other than in respect of the
Agents obligations under this Agreement and to keep information provided by the Company to the Agent and the Agents counsel
confidential to the extent not otherwise publicly-available.

24. Definitions.

As used in this Agreement,
the following terms have the respective meanings set forth below:

Applicable Time
means (i) each Representation Date, (ii) the time of each sale of any Placement Shares pursuant to this Agreement, (iii) each
Settlement Date, and (iv) the Closing Date.

Business Day
shall mean any day on which the Exchange and commercial banks in the City of New York are open for business.

Closing Date
shall mean the date mutually agreed to by the Company and the Agent to commence the offering of the Placement Shares under this Agreement.

Issuer Free Writing
Prospectus means any issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433, relating to the Placement Shares
that (1) is required to be filed with the Commission by the Company, (2) is a road show that is a written
communication within the meaning of Rule 433(d)(8)(i) whether or not required to be filed with the Commission, or (3) is
exempt from filing pursuant to Rule 433(d)(5)(i) because it contains a description of the Placement Shares or of the offering that
does not reflect the final terms, in each case in the form filed or required to be filed with the Commission or, if not required to be
filed, in the form retained in the Companys records pursuant to Rule 433(g) under the Securities Act.

Rule 172,
Rule 405, Rule 415, Rule 424, Rule 424(b), Rule 430B,
and Rule 433 refer to such rules under the Securities Act.

Trading Day
means any day on which shares of Common Stock are purchased and sold on the Exchange.

33 

All references in this Agreement
to financial statements and schedules and other information that is contained, included or stated
in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus (and all other references of like import) shall be deemed to mean and include all such
financial statements and schedules and other information that is incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus,
as the case may be.

All references in this Agreement
to the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement to any of the foregoing shall be deemed to include the copy
filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR; all references in this Agreement to any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus (other than any Issuer
Free Writing Prospectuses that, pursuant to Rule 433, are not required to be filed with the Commission) shall be deemed to include
the copy thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR; and all references in this Agreement to supplements to the
Prospectus shall include, without limitation, any supplements, wrappers or similar materials prepared in connection with
any offering, sale or private placement of any Placement Shares by the Agent outside of the United States.

34 

If the foregoing correctly
sets forth the understanding between the Company and the Agent, please so indicate in the space provided below for that purpose, whereupon
this letter shall constitute a binding agreement between the Company and the Agent.

Very truly yours, 

VERIFYME, INC. 

By: /s/ Adam Stedham

Name: Adam Stedham 

Title: Chief Executive Officer and President

ACCEPTED as of the date first-above written:

ROTH CAPITAL PARTNERS, LLC 

By: /s/ Matthew Day

Name: Matthew Day

Title: Managing Director

35 

SCHEDULE 1

________________________

FORM OF PLACEMENT NOTICE 

__________________________

From: VERIFYME, INC. 

To: ROTH CAPITAL PARTNERS, LLC

Attention: 

Subject: Placement Notice

Date: 

Gentlemen:

Pursuant to the terms and
subject to the conditions contained in the Sales Agreement between, VerifyMe, Inc. (the Company) and Roth Capital Partners,
LLC (Agent), dated March 6, 2025, the Company hereby requests that the Agent sell up to ____________ of the Companys
Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share, at a minimum market price of $_______ per share, during the time period beginning [month, day,
time] and ending [month, day, time].

36 

SCHEDULE 2

__________________________

Compensation 

__________________________

The Company shall pay to the Agent in cash, upon
each sale of Placement Shares pursuant to this Agreement, an amount equal to 3% of the gross proceeds from each sale of Placement Shares.

37 

SCHEDULE 3

__________________________

Notice Parties

__________________________

38 

EXHIBIT 7(l)

Form of Representation Date Certificate

____________________, 20__

This Representation Date Certificate
(this Certificate) is executed and delivered in connection with Section 7(l) of the Sales Agreement (the Agreement),
dated March 6, 2025, and entered into between VerifyMe, Inc. (the Company) and Roth Capital Partners, LLC. All capitalized
terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Agreement.

The undersigned, a duly appointed
and authorized officer of the Company, having made all necessary inquiries to establish the accuracy of the statements below and having
been authorized by the Company to execute this Certificate, hereby certifies as follows:

1. As of the date of this Certificate, (i) the Registration Statement does not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein
not misleading, (ii) neither the Registration Statement nor the Prospectus contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading, and (iii) no event has occurred as a result of which it is necessary to amend or supplement
the Prospectus in order to make the statements therein not untrue or misleading.

2. Each of the representations and warranties of the Company contained in the Agreement were, when originally
made, and are, as of the date of this Certificate, true and correct in all material respects.

3. Each of the covenants required to be performed by the Company in the Agreement on or prior to the date
of the Agreement, this Representation Date, and each such other date as set forth in the Agreement, has been duly, timely and fully performed
in all material respects and each condition required to be complied with by the Company on or prior to the date of the Agreement, this
Representation Date, and each such other date as set forth in the Agreement or in the waivers referred to in Section 7(l) of the Agreement
has been duly, timely and fully complied with in all material respects.

4. Subsequent to the date of the most recent financial statements in the Prospectus, there has been no Material
Adverse Effect.

5. No stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or of any part thereof has been
issued, and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or are pending or threatened by any securities or other governmental
authority (including, without limitation, the Commission).

39 

The undersigned has executed
this Representation Date Certificate as of the date first written above.

VerifyMe, Inc. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

40
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex5_1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 5.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 5.1

March 6, 2025

VerifyMe, Inc.

801 International Parkway, Fifth Floor

Lake Mary, FL 32746

Re: Shelf Takedown Off of Registration Statement on Form S-3

Ladies and Gentlemen:

We have acted as counsel to
VerifyMe Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), in connection with the Sales Agreement, dated March 6,
2025 (the Sales Agreement), between the Company and Roth Capital Partners, LLC, as sales agent, which provides
for, among other things, the issuance and sale of up to $15,803,511 of shares (the Shares) of common stock,
par value $0.001 per share (the Common Stock), of the Company, from time to time and at various prices in
an at-the-market offering.

As such counsel, we have assisted
in the preparation and filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) of a prospectus
supplement, dated March 6, 2025, which supplemented that certain prospectus, dated February 3, 2025 that was part of a Registration Statement
on Form S-3 (File No. 333-284562) that became effective with the Commission on February 3, 2025.

In connection with the foregoing,
we have examined the Sales Agreement, the Companys Amended and Restated Bylaws, as amended (the Bylaws),
the Companys Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, as amended (the Articles of Incorporation),
originals or copies of such corporate records of the Company, certificates and other communications of public officials, certificates
of officers of the Company and such other documents as we have deemed relevant or necessary for the purpose of rendering the opinions
expressed herein. As to questions of fact material to those opinions, we have, to the extent we deemed appropriate, relied on certificates
of officers of the Company and on certificates and other communications of public officials. We have assumed the genuineness of all signatures
on, and the authenticity of, all documents submitted to us as originals, the conformity to authentic original documents of all documents
submitted to us as copies thereof, the due authorization, execution and delivery by the parties thereto other than the Company of all
documents examined by us, and the legal capacity of each individual who signed any of those documents.

1600 BAUSCH
& LOMB PLACE ROCHESTER, NY 14604-2711 PHONE: 585.232.6500 FAX: 585.232.2152

rochester, ny buffalo,
ny albany, ny corning, ny new
york, ny

VerifyMe, Inc.

March 6, 2025

Page 2

Based upon the foregoing,
and subject to the additional qualifications set forth below, we are of the opinion that the Shares have been authorized for issuance
and, when the Shares are issued, delivered and paid for in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Sales Agreement, the Shares
will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

For the purposes
of this opinion letter, we have assumed that, at the time of the issuance, sale and delivery of Shares: (i) the authorization thereof
by the Company will not have been modified or rescinded, and there will not have occurred any change in law affecting the validity thereof;
(ii) the Articles of Incorporation and the Bylaws, as currently in effect, will not have been modified or amended and will be in full
force and effect; (iii) the Company will have sufficient authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock to issue as the Shares; and (iv)
the Company is validly existing and in good standing at the time of issuance.

We express no opinion as to
the law of any jurisdiction other than the law of the State of New York, and the applicable provisions of the Nevada Revised Statutes
as currently in effect.

This opinion letter has been
prepared in accordance with the customary practice of lawyers who regularly give, and lawyers who regularly advise opinion recipients
concerning, opinions of the type contained herein.

This opinion letter deals
only with the specified legal issues expressly addressed herein, and you should not infer any opinion that is not explicitly addressed
herein from any matter stated in this letter.

We consent to the use of this
opinion as an exhibit to a Current Report on Form 8-K to be filed in connection with the Offering and the reference to this firm under
the caption Legal Matters in the Prospectus Supplement. In giving such consent, we do not hereby admit that we are within
the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations
thereunder.

This opinion is rendered to
you as of the date hereof and we assume no obligation to advise you or any other person hereafter with regard to any change after the
date hereof in the circumstances or the law that may bear on the matters set forth herein even though the changes may affect the legal
analysis or legal conclusion or other matters in this letter.

Very truly yours, 

/s/ Harter Secrest & Emery LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex99_1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

VerifyMe
Reports FourthQuarter 2024 Financial Results and Improved Liquidity in the First Quarter
of 2025 

Cash flow provided
by operations of $0.6 million in Q4 2024 and $0.9 million in the year ended December 31, 2024

2024 annual revenue
of $24.2 million, compared to $25.3 million in 2023; with fourth quarter revenue of $7.7 million, compared to $8.7 million in Q4 2023
(1)

2024 annual gross
profit of $8.7 million or 36%, compared to $8.0 million or 32% in 2023; Gross Profit of $2.4 million or 32% in Q4 2024, compared to $2.9
million or 33% in Q4 2023

2024 annual net loss
of $3.8 million (including $1.6 million of one-time adjustments), compared to a net loss of $3.4 million in 2023; Net loss of $0.5 million
in Q4 2024, compared to net income of less than $0.1 million in Q4 2023(1)

2024 annual adjusted
EBITDA(2) of $0.9 million, compared to $0.4 million in 2023; Adjusted EBITDA of $0.5 million in Q4 2024, compared to $1.1 million
in Q4 2023(1)

Cash of $5.7 million
as of February 28, 2025 or $0.46 per share, senior long-term debt of $0.9 million repaid in 2025

Lake Mary, FL March 6, 2025 
PRNewswire VerifyMe, Inc. (NASDAQ: VRME) (VerifyMe, we,
our, or the Company) provides brand owners time and temperature sensitive logistics, and brand protection
and enhancement solutions, announced today the Companys financial results for its fourth quarter ended December 31, 2024 (Q4
2024).

Adam Stedham,
VerifyMes CEO and President stated, 2024 and the start of 2025 was key. The company increased our gross profit by 8% year
over year and more than doubled our annual adjusted EBITDA, compared to 2023. We also made the critical business decision to divest
of an unprofitable operation and focus our capital in areas that are more likely to provide shareholder returns. This decision should
benefit cashflow from operations in 2025. Thus far, in 2025, we have retired all company debt, besides $0.8 million of convertible notes
held by company affiliates and Board members. As of February 28, 2025 the company has $5.7 million of cash, plus the availability of the
recently announced ATM. With our improved liquidity, and strengthened financial condition, we are finalizing our strategy to maximize
shareholder returns and we look forward with enthusiasm to announcing our strategy.

(1) Including $0.6 million from loss of previously
disclosed Premium services customer

(2) Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure.
See "Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" below for information about this non-GAAP measure. A reconciliation to the most directly
comparable GAAP measure, net loss, is included as a schedule to this release.

1 

Key Financial Highlights for Q4 2024:

Cash flow from operations
was $0.6 million in Q4 2024

Quarterly consolidated revenue
of $7.7 million in Q4 2024, compared to $8.7 million for the three months ended December 31, 2023 (Q4 2023), approximately
56% of reduction is attributable to previously disclosed discontinued contract with one customer in our Premium services

Gross profit of $2.4 million
or 32% in Q4 2024, compared to $2.9 million or 33% in Q4 2023

Net loss of ($0.5) million
or ($0.05) per diluted share in Q4 2024, compared to net income of less than $0.1 million or ($0.00) per diluted share in Q4 2023(1)

Adjusted EBITDA(2)
of $0.5 million in Q4 2024, compared to Adjusted EBITDA of $1.1 million in Q4 2023(1)

Cash of $2.8 million as
of December 31, 2024 

Recent Business Highlights

Entered into an Inducement Letter Agreement with an institutional investor that exercised 1,461,896 warrants
at a price of $3.215 per share for $4.7 million. In consideration for the investor exercising their warrants, a new unregistered warrant
for 1,461,896 shares at an exercise price of $4.00 per share was issued.

Paid in full all outstanding principal and interest under the Term Note.

Convertible notes for all non-affiliates converted to shares.

Financial Results for the Three Months Ended
December 31, 2024:

Revenue in Q4 2024 was $7.7 million, compared
to $8.7 million in Q4 2023. Revenue for the quarter decreased by $1.0 million. The decrease in our
Precision Logistics segment primarily relates to a discontinued contract with one customer in our Premium services. In addition, with
Thanksgiving arriving later than usual this year, there were fewer days from Black Friday to December 31, making this the shortest peak
season since 2019. The growth in the Authentication segment did not materialize in 2024 and we divested of the Trust Codes Global business
on December, 8, 2024. The Precision Logistics segment accounted for 99% of our revenue for the quarter.

Gross profit in Q4 2024 was $2.4 million, compared
to $2.9 million in Q4 2023. The resulting gross margin percentage was 32% for the three months ended December 31, 2024, compared to 33%
for the three months ended December 31, 2023. The decrease in gross margin was principally due to the discontinued contract in Premium
services in the Precision Logistics segment which has higher margins. The Proactive services revenue gross margin percentage improved
in Q4 2024 compared to Q4 2023.

Operating loss in Q4 2024 was ($0.3) million,
compared to operating income of $0.1 million in Q4 2023. The increased loss primarily relates to a reduction in gross profit from previously
disclosed Premium services customer.

Our net loss in Q4 2024 was ($0.5) million, compared
to net income of less than $0.1 million in Q4 2024. The
resulting loss per diluted share in Q4 2024 was ($0.05), compared to income per diluted share of $0.00 in Q4 2023. The increased loss
primarily relates to the loss of one Premium customer previously disclosed.

(1) Including $0.6 million from loss of previously
disclosed Premium services customer

(2) Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure.
See "Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" below for information about this non-GAAP measure. A reconciliation to the most directly
comparable GAAP measure, net loss, is included as a schedule to this release.

2 

Adjusted EBITDA in Q4 2024 was $0.5 million, compared
to $1.1 million in Q4 2023. Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure. Please see Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures
for a discussion of this non-GAAP measure. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP measure, net loss is included as a schedule
to this release.

Adam Stedham,
VerifyMes CEO and President stated, During the fourth quarter of 2024 overall parcel shipment activity was below that of
the fourth quarter of 2023, mirroring industry trends. However, we are pleased with the annual growth in gross profit and adjusted
EBITDA in 2024. We are still working with bankers and advisors to evaluate various alternatives and we continue to be encouraged
by our options. The strength of our balance sheet, with $5.7 million cash as of February 28, 2025 and access to additional low-cost
capital adds to our optimism for VerifyMe going forward.

At December 31, 2024, VerifyMe had a $2.8 million
cash balance and $2.1 million in working capital.

At December 31, 2024, VerifyMe had 10,829,908
shares issued and 10,539,441 shares outstanding.

Earnings Call

The Company has
scheduled an earnings conference call and webcast for 11:00 a.m. ET on Thursday March 6, 2025. Prepared remarks regarding the company's
financial and operational results will be followed by a question and answer period with VerifyMe's executive team. The
conference call may be accessed via webcast at:https://event.choruscall.com/mediaframe/webcast.html?webcastid=RhDUgKador by calling +1 (844) 763-8274 within the US, or +1 (412) 717-9224 internationally,
and requesting the VerifyMe Call. The presentation slides broadcast via the webcast will also be available on the Investors
section of the VerifyMe website the morning of the call. Participants must be logged in via telephone to submit a question to management
during the call. Participants may optionally pre-register for the conference call and webcast at:https://dpregister.com/sreg/10197182/fe93e64dcc.

The webcast
and presentation will be archived on the Investors section of VerifyMes website and will remain available for 90 days.

About VerifyMe, Inc.

VerifyMe, Inc. (NASDAQ: VRME),
provides specialized logistics for time and temperature sensitive products, as well as brand protection and enhancement solutions. To
learn more, visit www.verifyme.com.

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This release contains forward-looking statements
within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The words believe,
continue, may, should, "will," and similar expressions, as they relate to us, are
intended to identify forward-looking statements. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and
projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our financial condition, results of operations, business
strategy and financial needs. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ from those in the forward-looking statements
include our engagement in future acquisitions or strategic partnerships that increase our capital requirements or cause us to incur debt
or assume contingent liabilities, our reliance on one key strategic partner for shipping services in our Precision Logistics segment,
competition including by our key strategic partner, seasonal trends in our business, severe climate conditions, the highly competitive
nature of the industry in which we operate, our brand image and corporate reputation, impairments related to our goodwill and other intangible
assets, economic and other factors such as recessions, downturns in the economy, inflation, global uncertainty and instability, the effects
of pandemics, changes in United States social, political, and regulatory conditions and/or a disruption of financial markets, reduced
freight volumes due to economic conditions, reduced discretionary spending in a recessionary environment, global supply-chain delays or
shortages, fluctuations in labor costs, raw materials, and changes in the availability of key suppliers, our history of losses, our ability
to use our net operating losses to offset future taxable income, the confusion of our name brand with other brands, the ability of our
technology to work as anticipated and to successfully provide analytics logistics management, our ability to continue to invest in the
development and commercialization of our Authentication segment, the ability of our strategic partners to integrate our solutions into
their product offerings, our ability to manage our growth effectively, our ability to successfully develop and expand our sales and marketing
capabilities, risks related to doing business outside of the U.S., intellectual property litigation, our ability to successfully develop,
implement, maintain, upgrade, enhance, and protect our information technology systems, our reliance on third-party information technology
service providers, our ability to respond to evolving laws related to information technology such as privacy laws, our ability to attract,
retain and develop successors for management, our ability to work with partners in selling our technologies to businesses, production
difficulties, our inability to enter into contracts and arrangements with future partners, our ability to acquire new customers, issues
which may affect the reluctance of large companies to change their purchasing of products, acceptance of our technologies and the efficiency
of our authenticators in the field, our ability to comply with the continued listing standards of the Nasdaq Capital Market, and our ability
to timely pay amounts due and comply with the covenants under our debt facilities. These risk factors and uncertainties include those
more fully described in VerifyMes Annual Report and Quarterly Reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including
under the heading entitled Risk Factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of
our underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those currently anticipated. Any forward-looking statement
made by us herein speaks only as of the date on which it is made. Factors or events that could cause our actual results to differ may
emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of them. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking
statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise, except as may be required by law.

3 

Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures

This press release includes both financial measures
in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), as well as non-GAAP financial measures. Generally,
a non-GAAP financial measure is a numerical measure of a companys performance, financial position or cash flows that either excludes
or includes amounts that are not normally included or excluded in the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance
with GAAP. Non-GAAP financial measures should be viewed as supplemental to and should not be considered as alternatives to any other GAAP
financial measures. They may not be indicative of the historical operating results of VerifyMe nor are they intended to be predictive
of potential future results. Investors should not consider non-GAAP financial measures in isolation or as substitutes for performance
measures calculated in accordance with GAAP.

VerifyMes management uses and relies on
EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA, which are non-GAAP financial measures. The Company believes that both management and shareholders benefit
from referring to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA in planning, forecasting and analyzing future periods. Additionally, the Company believes
Adjusted EBITDA is useful to investors to evaluate its results because it excludes certain items that are not directly related to the
Companys core operating performance. In particular, with regard to our comparison of Adjusted EBITDA for the three and twelve months
ended December 31, 2024, to the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2023, we believe is useful to investors in understanding the
results of operations. The Companys management uses these non-GAAP financial measures in evaluating its financial and operational
decision making and as a means to evaluate period-to-period comparison. The Companys management recognizes that EBITDA and Adjusted
EBITDA, as non-GAAP financial measures, have inherent limitations because of the described excluded items.

4 

The Company defines EBITDA as net income (loss)
before interest expense, income tax expense (benefit), and depreciation and amortization. Adjusted EBITDA represents EBITDA plus non-cash
stock compensation expense, severance expense, unrealized gain on equity investment, loss on equity investment, impairments, change in
fair value of contingent consideration, loss on sale of business and one-time professional expenses for acquisitions. VerifyMe believes
EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are important measures of VerifyMes operating performance because they allow management, investors and
analysts to evaluate and assess VerifyMes core operating results from period-to-period after removing the impact of items of a
non-operational nature that affect comparability.

A reconciliation of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA
to the most comparable financial measure, net loss, calculated in accordance with GAAP is included in a schedule to this press release.
The Company believes that providing the non-GAAP financial measure, together with the reconciliation to GAAP, helps investors make comparisons
between VerifyMe and other companies. In making any comparisons to other companies, investors need to be aware that companies use different
non-GAAP measures to evaluate their financial performance. Investors should pay close attention to the specific definition being used
and to the reconciliation between such measure and the corresponding GAAP measure provided by each company under applicable SEC rules
as the presentation here may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies.

For Other Information Contact:

Company: VerifyMe, Inc.

Email: IR@verifyme.com

5 

VerifyMe, Inc.

Consolidated Balance Sheets

(In thousands, except share data)

December 31, 2024 December 31, 2023 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash and cash equivalents including restricted cash $ 2,823 $ 3,095 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance for credit loss reserve, $71 and $165 as of December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 2,636 3,017 

Unbilled revenue 733 1,282 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 131 254 

Inventory 39 38 

TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 6,362 7,686 

PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NET $ 116 $ 240 

RIGHT OF USE ASSET 236 468 

INTANGIBLE ASSETS, NET 5,365 6,927 

GOODWILL 3,988 5,384 

TOTAL ASSETS $ 16,067 $ 20,705 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Term note, current $ 500 $ 500 

Accounts payable 2,971 3,310 

Other accrued expense 660 988 

Lease liability- current 108 170 

Contingent liability-current - 173 

TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 4,239 5,141 

LONG-TERM LIABILITIES 

Contingent liability, non-current $ - $ 751 

Long-term lease liability 139 307 

Term note 375 875 

Convertible note related party 450 475 

Convertible note 650 625 

TOTAL LIABILITIES $ 5,853 $ 8,174 

STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value, 37,564,767 shares authorized; 0 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively - - 

Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value; 85 shares authorized; 0.85 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively - - 

Common stock, $0.001 par value; 675,000,000 shares authorized;10,829,908 and 10,453,315 shares issued, 10,539,441 and 10,123,964 shares outstanding as of December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 11 10 

Additional paid in capital 96,344 95,031 

Treasury stock as cost; 290,467 and 329,351 shares at December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively (480 ) (659 )

Accumulated deficit (85,673 ) (81,849 )

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 12 (2 )

STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 10,214 12,531 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY $ 16,067 $ 20,705 

6 

VerifyMe, Inc.

Consolidated Statements of Operations

(Unaudited)

(In thousands, except share data)

Three Months Ended Year Ended 

December 31, 2024 December 31, 2023 December 31, 2024 December 31, 2023 

NET REVENUE $ 7,661 $ 8,713 $ 24,207 $ 25,313 

COST OF REVENUE(a) 5,244 5,840 15,545 17,287 

GROSS PROFIT 2,417 2,873 8,662 8,026 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

Segment management and Technology(a) 1,265 1,400 5,454 5,097 

General and administrative (a) 1,072 1,023 3,852 4,416 

Research and development 5 84 70 107 

Sales and marketing (a) 362 241 1,361 1,644 

Goodwill and Intangible asset impairment 50 56 2,315 90 

Total Operating expenses 2,754 2,804 13,052 11,354 

LOSS BEFORE OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) (337 ) 69 (4,390 ) (3,328 )

OTHER (EXPENSE) INCOME 

Interest expenses, net (21 ) (34 ) (130 ) (161 )

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 5 65 844 201 

Loss on equity investment - (100 ) - (100 )

Unrealized gain on equity investment - 2 - - 

Loss on sale of business (146 ) - (146 ) - 

Other expense, net (2 ) - (2 ) (2 )

TOTAL OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE), NET (164 ) (67 ) 566 (62 )

NET LOSS 

$ (501 ) $ 2 $ (3,824 ) $ (3,390 )

LOSS PER SHARE 

BASIC (0.05 ) (0.00 ) (0.37 ) (0.35 )

DILUTED (0.05 ) (0.00 ) (0.37 ) (0.35 )

WEIGHTED AVERAGE COMMON SHARE OUTSTANDING 

BASIC 10,471,185 9,912,505 10,402,508 9,766,469 

DILUTED 10,471,185 9,912,505 10,402,508 9,766,469 

(a) Includes share-based compensation of $372 thousand and $1,555 thousand for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2024, respectively,
and $576 thousand and $1,675 thousand for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2023, respectively. 

7 

VerifyMe, Inc.

Consolidated EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Reconciliation
Table (Unaudited)

(In thousands)

Three Months Ended

December 31, Year Ended

December 31, 

2024 2023 2024 2023 

Net (Loss) Income (GAAP) $ (501 ) $ 2 $ (3,824 ) $ (3,390 )

Interest expense, net 21 34 130 161 

Amortization and depreciation 307 299 1,212 1,134 

Total EBITDA (Non-GAAP) (173 ) 335 (2,482 ) (2,095 )

Adjustments: 

Stock based compensation 81 154 255 200 

Fair value of restricted stock and restricted stock units issued in exchange for services 291 422 1,300 1,354 

Severance 53 11 194 590 

Unrealized gain on equity investment - (2 ) - - 

Loss on equity investment - 100 - 100 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration (5 ) (65 ) (844 ) (201 )

Loss on sale of business 146 - 146 - 

Impairments 50 156 2,315 190 

One-time professional expenses for acquisitions/Divestiture 66 - 66 278 

Total Adjusted EBITDA (Non-GAAP) $ 509 $ 1,111 $ 950 $ 416 

8
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex99_2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.2

Protect your brand. Grow your business. Fourth Quarter 2024 Investor Conference Call March 6, 2025 www.VerifyMe.com NASDAQ:VRME 1

Agenda NASDAQ:VRME 01 Welcome & Introductions Operations and Strategic Update Financial Review Q&A Closing Remarks 02 03 www.VerifyMe.com 04 05 2

Forward Looking Statements In addition to historical information, this presentation contains statements relating to revenue opportunities, anticipated revenue, profitability of the combined company, future business, financial performance, future catalysts and future events or developments, strategy, projected costs, prospects, plans, objectives of management and future operations, future revenue, and expected market growth of VerifyMe, Inc . together with its wholly owned subsidiary PeriShip Global LLC, (VerifyMe, the Company, we, or us) that may constitute forward - looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 . The words believe, continue, may, should, "will," and similar expressions, as they relate to us, are intended to identify forward - looking statements . We have based these forward - looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our financial condition, results of operations, business strategy and financial needs . Important factors that could cause actual results to differ from those in the forward - looking statements include our engagement in future acquisitions or strategic partnerships that increase our capital requirements or cause us to incur debt or assume contingent liabilities, our reliance on one key strategic partner for shipping services in our Precision Logistics segment, competition including by our key strategic partner, seasonal trends in our business, severe climate conditions, the highly competitive nature of the industry in which we operate, our brand image and corporate reputation, impairments related to our goodwill and other intangible assets, economic and other factors such as recessions, downturns in the economy, inflation, global uncertainty and instability, the effects of pandemics, changes in United States social, political, and regulatory conditions and/or a disruption of financial markets, reduced freight volumes due to economic conditions, reduced discretionary spending in a recessionary environment, global supply - chain delays or shortages, fluctuations in labor costs, raw materials, and changes in the availability of key suppliers, our history of losses, our ability to use our net operating losses to offset future taxable income, the confusion of our name brand with other brands, the ability of our technology to work as anticipated and to successfully provide analytics logistics management, the ability of our strategic partners to integrate our solutions into their product offerings, our ability to manage our growth effectively, our ability to successfully develop and expand our sales and marketing capabilities, risks related to doing business outside of the U . S . , intellectual property litigation, our ability to successfully develop, implement, maintain, upgrade, enhance, and protect our information technology systems, our reliance on third - party information technology service providers, our ability to respond to evolving laws related to information technology such as privacy laws, our ability to retain key management personnel, our ability to work with partners in selling our technologies to businesses, production difficulties, our inability to enter into contracts and arrangements with future partners, our ability to acquire new customers, issues which may affect the reluctance of large companies to change their purchasing of products, acceptance of our technologies and the efficiency of our authenticators in the field, our ability to comply with the continued listing standards of the Nasdaq Capital Market, and our ability to timely pay amounts due and comply with the covenants under our debt facilities . More detailed information about these factors may be found in the Companys filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its Annual Report on Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2024 , and subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10 - Q . The statements made herein speak only as of the date of this presentation . The Companys actual results, performance or achievements could differ materially from the results expressed in, or implied by, these forward - looking statements . The Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise its forward - looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this presentation, except as required by law . Market data and industry information used herein are based on our management's knowledge of the industry and the good faith estimates of management . We also relied, to the extent available, upon managements review of independent industry surveys, forecasts and publications and other publicly available information prepared by a number of third - party sources . All of the market data and industry information used herein involves a number of assumptions and limitations which we believe to be reasonable, and you are cautioned not to give undue weight to such estimates . Although we believe that these sources are reliable, we cannot guarantee the accuracy or completeness of this information, and we have not independently verified this information . Projections, assumptions and estimates of our future performance and the future performance of the industry in which we operate are subject to a high degree of uncertainty and risk due to a variety of factors, including those described, above . These and other factors could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in our estimates and beliefs and in the estimates prepared by independent parties . Non - GAAP Financial Measures This presentation includes non - GAAP financial information . This non - GAAP information is in addition to, not a substitute for or superior to, measures of financial performance or liquidity determined in accordance with GAAP . The Securities and Exchange Commissions Regulation G applies to any public disclosure or release of material information that includes a non - GAAP financial measure and requires : (i) the presentation of the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP and (ii) a reconciliation of the differences between the non - GAAP financial measure presented and the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP . The required presentations and reconciliations are contained in this presentation and can also be found at our website at www . verifyme . com 3 NASDAQ:VRME www.VerifyMe.com

Welcome Adam Stedham Chief Executive Officer and President www.VerifyMe.com NASDAQ:VRME 4

Overall Performance 1 YoY 2024 revenue 4% below 2023 YoY 2024 gross profit increased 8% and gross margin increased 4% YoY 2024 adjusted EBITDA (1) significant increase from 2023 Q4 2024 is 6 th consecutive quarter of positive adjusted EBITDA Capital Total cash net of debt end of December 2024 $0.9M vs $0.6M end of December 2023 January 2025 $4.7M warrant inducement raise, retired all bank debt Reduced convertible debt from $1.1M to $0.8M, remaining is affiliates and board members Established a $15.8M at - the - market sales offering to commence after 10 - K filing Precision Logistics Segment Increased customers in proactive business line by 6% full year 2024 vs 2023 Shipments to existing customer in proactive business line down 6% full year 2024 vs 2023 Continued focus on optimizing sales strategy 3 2 Strategic Snapshot 5 4 Authentication Segment Divested Trust Codes Global December 8, 2024 2024 operating loss of $1.2M (excluding impairments) Continuing to review ink strategy, which is less than 1% of total Company revenue (1) The term Adjusted EBITDA is a non - GAAP financial measure that the Company believes is useful to investors in evaluating its resu lts. Adjusted EBITDA represents EBITDA (net income (loss) before interest expense, income tax expense (benefit), depreciation and amortization) plus non - cash stock compensation expense, severance expense, unreal ized gain on equity investment, loss on equity investment, impairments, change in fair value of contingent consideration, loss on sale of business and one - time professional expenses for acquisitions. For a reco nciliation of this non - GAAP financial measure to the most comparable GAAP equivalent, net loss, see the Non - GAAP Reconciliation along with related footnotes, in the Appendix to this presentation. www.VerifyMe.com

Financials www.VerifyMe.com NASDAQ:VRME Q4 2024 Financial Highlights Balance Sheet 6

Q4 Financial Highlights Revenue Decline largely related to previously announced discontinued contract in Premium services, and lack of Authentication segment growth Proactive revenue decline primarily due to lower seasonal shipping volumes and shipping days in 2024 vs 2023 $7.7M Net Loss ($0.4M) $3.1M Gross Profit Continue to show improvements in Proactive Services margin % Improvement more than offset by decline from previously announced discontinued higher margin premium contract $2.4M 32% compared to 33% in Q4 2023 (1) The term Adjusted EBITDA is a non - GAAP financial measure that the Company believes is useful to investors in evaluating its results. Adjusted EBITDA represents EBITDA (net income (loss) before interest expense, income tax expense (benefit), depreciation and amortization) plus non - cash stock compensation expense, severance expense, unreal ized gain on equity investment, loss on equity investment, impairments, change in fair value of contingent consideration, loss on sale of business and one - time professional expenses for acquisitions. For a reconcili ation of this non - GAAP financial measure to the most comparable GAAP equivalent, net loss, see the Non - GAAP Reconciliation along with related footnotes, in the Appendix to this presentation. 7 ($0.5M) $0.5M Adjusted EBITDA (1) Improvement of $0.5M 2024 vs 2023 www.VerifyMe.com

December 31, 2023 December 31, 2024 Assets $3,095 $2,823 Cash and cash equivalents 4,299 12,311 3,369 9,353 Accounts receivable and unbilled revenue Intangible assets & Goodwill 1,000 522 Other assets $20,705 $16,067 Total Assets $4,641 500 $3,739 500 Current Liabilities Accounts payable, accrued exp, current lease exp and contingent consideration Current portion of debt 1,975 1,058 1,475 139 Non - Current Liabilities Long term portion of debt & Convertible Note Other long - term liabilities $8,174 $5,853 Total Liabilities $12,531 $10,214 Total Stockholders Equity $20,705 $16,067 Total Liabilities and Stockholders Balance Sheet ($ in thousan ds ) 8 www.VerifyMe.com

9 www.VerifyMe.com Closing Remarks The Company has a cashflow positive business that provides a needed service, and we will continue to identify avenues for potential expansion The Company has a strong balance sheet and $0.46 cents per share of cash on hand as of February 28, 2025 The Company has access to low cost capital to pursue avenues for meaningful shareholder value creation

10 Q & A 10 NASDAQ:VRME Confidential Property of VerifyMe www.VerifyMe.com

11 Confidential Property of VerifyMe NASDAQ:VRME Appendix www.VerifyMe.com

12 Non - GAAP Reconciliation This presentation includes both financial measures in accordance with U . S . generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), as well as non - GAAP financial measures . Generally, a non - GAAP financial measure is a numerical measure of a companys performance, financial position or cash flows that either excludes or includes amounts that are not normally included or excluded in the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP . Non - GAAP financial measures should be viewed as supplemental to and should not be considered as alternatives to any other GAAP financial measures . They may not be indicative of the historical operating results of VerifyMe nor are they intended to be predictive of potential future results . Investors should not consider non - GAAP financial measures in isolation or as substitutes for performance measures calculated in accordance with GAAP . VerifyMes management uses and relies on EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA, which are non - GAAP financial measures . The Company believes that both management and shareholders benefit from referring to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA in planning, forecasting and analyzing future periods . Additionally, the Company believes Adjusted EBIDTA is useful to investors to evaluate its results because it excludes certain items that are not directly related to the Companys core operating performance . In particular, with regard to our comparison of Adjusted EBITDA for the three and twelve months ended December 31 , 2024 , to the three and twelve months ended December 31 , 2023 , we believe that certain charges make a comparison of net loss less useful to investors than a comparison of Adjusted EBITDA in understanding the results of operations . The Companys management uses these non - GAAP financial measures in evaluating its financial and operational decision making and as a means to evaluate period - to - period comparison . The Companys management recognizes that EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA, as non - GAAP financial measures, have inherent limitations because of the described excluded items . The Company defines EBITDA as net income (loss) before interest expense, income tax expense (benefit), and depreciation and amortization . Adjusted EBITDA represents EBITDA plus non - cash stock compensation expense, severance expense, unrealized gain on equity investment, loss on equity investment, impairments, change in fair value of contingent consideration, loss on sale of business and one - time professional expenses for acquisitions . VerifyMe believes EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are important measures of VerifyMes operating performance because they allow management, investors and analysts to evaluate and assess VerifyMes core operating results from period - to - period after removing the impact of items of a non - operational nature that affect comparability . A reconciliation of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA to the most comparable financial measure, net loss, calculated in accordance with GAAP is included in the table on the next slide . The Company believes that providing the non - GAAP financial measure, together with the reconciliation to GAAP, helps investors make comparisons between VerifyMe and other companies . In making any comparisons to other companies, investors need to be aware that companies use different non - GAAP measures to evaluate their financial performance . Investors should pay close attention to the specific definition being used and to the reconciliation between such measure and the corresponding GAAP measure provided by each company under applicable SEC rules as the presentation here may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies . www.VerifyMe.com

13 Non - GAAP Reconciliation EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA (In Thousands) www.VerifyMe.com

Protect your brand. Grow your business. US Headquarters 801 International Parkway Fifth Floor Lake Mary, FL 32746 +1 585 736 9400 info@ verifyme.com 14
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>vrme-20250306.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>vrme-20250306_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>vrme-20250306_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share 

Warrants to Purchase Common Stock 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>vrme-20250306_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>vrme_purplogo.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>hse_logo.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>hseheader_logo.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>slide_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>slide_002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>slide_003.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>slide_004.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>slide_005.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>slide_006.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>slide_007.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>slide_008.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>slide_009.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>slide_010.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>slide_011.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>slide_012.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>slide_013.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>slide_014.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Mar. 06, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 06, 2025

Entity File Number 001-39332

Entity Registrant Name VerifyMe, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001104038

Entity Tax Identification Number 23-3023677

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 801 International Parkway

Entity Address, Address Line Two Fifth Floor

Entity Address, City or Town Lake Mary

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 32746

City Area Code (585)

Local Phone Number 736-9400

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share

Trading Symbol VRME

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Warrants to Purchase Common Stock 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants to Purchase Common Stock

Trading Symbol VRMEW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=VRME_CommonStockParValue0.001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=VRME_WarrantsToPurchaseCommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>29
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>30
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>31
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>33
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
3 
23 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://VRME/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

r342508k.htm 
vrme-20250306.xsd 
vrme-20250306_def.xml 
vrme-20250306_lab.xml 
vrme-20250306_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>35
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>36
<FILENAME>0001214659-25-003971-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>37
<FILENAME>r342508k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001104038 

2025-03-06 
2025-03-06 

0001104038 

VRME:CommonStockParValue0.001PerShareMember 

2025-03-06 
2025-03-06 

0001104038 

VRME:WarrantsToPurchaseCommonStockMember 

2025-03-06 
2025-03-06 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001104038 
8-K 
2025-03-06 
VerifyMe, Inc. 
NV 
001-39332 
23-3023677 
801 International Parkway 
Fifth Floor 
Lake Mary 
FL 
32746 
(585) 
736-9400 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share 
VRME 
NASDAQ 
Warrants to Purchase Common Stock 
VRMEW 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>