<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001683168-25-000474.txt : 20250122
<SEC-HEADER>0001683168-25-000474.hdr.sgml : 20250122
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250122130511
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-25-000474
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250115
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250122
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250122

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Chilean Cobalt Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001727255
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	METAL MINING [1000]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				823590294
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-268335
		FILM NUMBER:		25544861

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1199 LANCASTER AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 107
		CITY:			BERWYN
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19312
		BUSINESS PHONE:		484-580-8697

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1199 LANCASTER AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 107
		CITY:			BERWYN
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19312
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>chilean_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000172725500017272552025-01-152025-01-15iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of

the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported):
January 15, 2025

CHILEAN COBALT CORP.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada 333-268335 82-3590294

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification Number)

1199 Lancaster Ave, Suite 107

Berwyn, Pennsylvania19312

(Address of principal executive offices)

(484)580-8697

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligations of the registrant under any of the following provisions.

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

None. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

To the extent required by
this Item 1.01, the information contained in Item 3.02 below is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 3.02 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

On January 15, 2025 and January
17, 2025, Chilean Cobalt Corp., a Nevada corporation (the Company) entered into certain stock purchase agreements with certain
investors, pursuant to which such investors purchased an aggregate of 497,810 shares of the Companys Series B Convertible Preferred
Stock, par value $0.0001, at a price of $0.45 per share (the Shares) for an aggregate purchase price of $224,014.50 (such
agreements, the Stock Purchase Agreements). When combined with the stock purchase agreements previously disclosed in the
Current Reports under cover of Forms 8-K filed on January 3, 2025 and January 16, 2025, this closed the investment round (the Series
B Financing) with an overall issuance of 2,222,225 shares of the Companys Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, par value
$0.0001, at a price of $0.45 per share for an aggregate purchase price of $1,000,001.25. All shares of Series B Convertible Preferred
Stock issued in connection with the Series B Financing are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Amended and Restated Series
B Certificate (as defined in Item 3.03 of the Form 8-K filed on January 3, 2025).

The holders of the Series
B Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series B Holders) are protected from dilution in the issuance of any other form of security
issued at less than $0.45 per share on a split-adjusted basis. In addition, if any Major Exempt Issuance occurs (i.e., an otherwise
exempt issuance but one that is comprised of more than 10% in aggregate of both the then outstanding Common Stock and as if
converted Series B Convertible Preferred Stock) the Series B Holders are entitled to warrants that if exercised to Common Stock, such
holders would hold the same percentage of Common Stock on a fully diluted and exercised basis following the Major Exempt Issuance, unless
a majority of the holders waive this privilege. Further, if the Company issues a new class of preferred stock that is senior in
payment and/or has a lower effective conversion price compared to the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, a majority of the Series B
Holders may elect to exchange all shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock into such new class of preferred stock. Series
B Convertible Preferred Stock converts to Common Stock on December 31, 2025, and once converted the protections described above are no
longer valid and only the provisions of the underlying Common Stock are applicable. On any matter submitted to the holders of the
Common Stock, each share of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock votes on an as converted basis and together with the Common Stock as
a single class.

The
issuance of shares of the Companys Series B Convertible Preferred Stock as disclosed in this Item 3.02 were made pursuant to the
exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated
thereunder.

The
foregoing description of the Stock Purchase Agreements does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to
the Form of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.1 hereto and is incorporated
herein by reference.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit

Number Description

10.1 

Form of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

2 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

CHILEAN COBALT CORP

Dated: January 22, 2025 By: /s/ Duncan T. Blount

Name: Duncan T. Blount

Title: Chief Executive Officer

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>chilean_ex1001.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF SERIES B CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

Stock
Purchase Agreement

By
and Between

Chilean
Cobalt Corp.

AND

[Buyer]

Table
of Contents

ARTICLE 1. DEFINITIONS
AND INTERPRETATION 1

Section 1.01 Definitions 1

Section 1.02 Interpretive Provisions 2

ARTICLE II. PURCHASE
AND SALE 2

Section 2.01 Purchase of Share 2

Section 2.02 Closing 2

Section 2.03 Deliverables and Actions at the Closing 3

Section 2.04 Warrant. 3

ARTICLE III. REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY 3

Section 3.01 Authorization of Transactions. 3

Section 3.02 Capitalization; Valid Issuance 3

Section 3.03 Governmental Approvals; Non-contravention 3

Section 3.04 Brokers. 4

ARTICLE IV. REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF THE BUYER 4

Section 4.01 Authorization of Transactions. 4

Section 4.02 Governmental Approvals; Non-contravention 4

Section 4.03 Investment Representations. 4

Section 4.04 Brokers. 6

ARTICLE V. COVENANTS
AND ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS 6

Section 5.01 Public Announcements. 6

Section 5.02 Further Assurances. 6

ARTICLE VI. INDEMNIFICATION 6

Section 6.01 General Indemnification. 6

Section 6.02 Procedures for Indemnification. 6

Section 6.03 Payment. 7

Section 6.04 Effect of Knowledge on Indemnification. 7

ARTICLE VII. MISCELLANEOUS 8

Section 7.01 Notices. 8

Section 7.02 Attorneys Fees 8

i 

Section 7.03 Amendments; No Waivers 8

Section 7.04 No Consequential or Punitive Damages. 9

Section 7.05 Expenses. 9

Section 7.06 Successors and Assigns; Benefit. 9

Section 7.07 Third-Party Beneficiaries 9

Section 7.08 Governing Law; Etc 9

Section 7.09 Resolution of Disputes 10

Section 7.10 Specific Performance 10

Section 7.11 Survival 10

Section 7.12 Severability. 10

Section 7.13 Entire Agreement 10

Section 7.14 Counterparts 10

Exhibit A Form of Warrant 12

ii 

Stock
Purchase Agreement

This Stock Purchase Agreement
(together with all exhibits and schedules hereto, this Agreement) is entered into as of December [ ],
2024 (the Closing Date), by and between Chilean Cobalt Corp., a Nevada corporation (the Company) and [ ]
(Buyer). The Company and Buyer may be collectively referred to herein as the Parties and individually as
a Party.

WHEREAS, upon the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Company desires to issue and sell to Buyer certain shares of Series B Convertible Preferred
Stock, par value $0.0001 per share of the Company (the Series B Stock), and Buyer desires to acquire from the Company such
securities;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual covenants and agreements hereinafter set forth and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows:

Article 1. Definitions
and Interpretation

Section 1.01 Definitions.
In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, the following terms, as used herein, have the following meanings:

(a) Action
means any legal action, suit, claim, investigation, hearing or proceeding, including any
audit, claim or assessment for taxes or otherwise.

(b) Affiliate
means, with respect to a specified Person, any other Person that directly or indirectly Controls, is Controlled
by or is under common Control with, the specified Person.

(c) Business
Day means any day except Saturday, Sunday and any legal holiday or a day on which banking institutions in
Nevada generally are authorized or required by Law or other governmental actions to close.

(d) Companys
Governing Documents means the Companys Articles of Incorporation and bylaws, as same may be amended
from time to time.

(e) Contract
means any contract, commitment, understanding or agreement (whether oral or written).

(f) Control
means (a) the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to vote 10% or more of the securities or other equity
interests of a Person having ordinary voting power, (b) the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to
direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person, by contractor otherwise, or (c) being
a director, officer, executor, trustee or fiduciary (or their equivalents) of a Person or a Person that controls
such Person.

(g) Governmental
Authority means any federal, state, municipal, local or foreign government and any court, tribunal, arbitral
body, administrative agency, department, subdivision, entity, commission or other governmental, government appointed,
quasi-governmental or regulatory authority, reporting entity or agency, domestic, foreign or supranational.

(h) Law
means any applicable foreign, federal, state or local law (including common law), statute, treaty, rule, directive,
regulation, ordinances and similar provisions having the force or effect of law or an Order of any Governmental
Authority.

(i) Liabilities
means liabilities, obligations or responsibilities of any nature whatsoever, whether direct
or indirect, matured or un-matured, fixed or unfixed, known or unknown, asserted or unasserted,
choate or inchoate, liquidated or unliquidated, secured or unsecured, absolute, contingent
or otherwise, including any direct or indirect indebtedness, guaranty, endorsement, claim,
loss, damage, deficiency, cost or expense.

1 

(j) Losses
means any losses, damages, deficiencies, Liabilities, assessments, fines, penalties, judgments,
actions, claims, costs, disbursements, fees, expenses or settlements of any kind or nature,
including legal, accounting and other professional fees and expenses.

(k) Order
means any judgment, writ, decree, determination, award, compliance agreement, settlement agreement, injunction,
ruling, charge, judicial or administrative order, determination or other restriction of any Governmental Authority
or arbitrator.

(l) Person
means a natural person, a corporation, a limited liability company, a partnership, an association, a trust or any
other entity or organization, including a government or political subdivision or any agency or instrumentality thereof.

(m) Representative
means, with respect to any Person, any and all directors, officers, employees, consultants, financial advisors,
counsel, accountants and other agents of such Person.

(n) Securities
Act means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulation promulgated
thereunder.

(o) Transaction
Documents means this Agreement, the Warrant, the Certificate of Designations and any other agreement, document,
certificate or writing delivered or to be delivered in connection with this Agreement and any other document related
to the Transactions related to the forgoing, including, without limitations, those delivered at the Closings.

(p) Transactions
means the purchase and sale of the Shares and the other transactions contemplated under the Transaction Documents.

Section 1.02 Interpretive
Provisions. The table of contents and headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and will not affect in
any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. Terms defined in the singular shall have a comparable meaning when used in the
plural, and vice versa; the terms Dollars and $ mean United States Dollars. Reference in this Agreement to
gender shall include all genders, and words imparting the singular number only shall include the plural and vice versa. The use of the
terms hereunder, hereof, hereto and words of similar import shall refer to this Agreement as
a whole and not to any particular Article, Section or clause of or Exhibit, Annex or Schedule to this Agreement. The use of the terms
including or include shall in all cases herein mean including, without limitation or include,
without limitation, respectively. With respect to the determination of any period of time, the word from means from
and including and the words to and until each means to but excluding. Reference to any
Person includes such Persons predecessors, successors and assigns to the extent, in the case of successors and assigns, such successors
and assigns are permitted by the terms of any applicable agreement however, that nothing contained herein is intended to authorize any
assignment or transfer not otherwise permitted by this Agreement. Reference to a Person in a particular capacity excludes such Person
in any other capacity or individually. Reference to any agreement (including this Agreement), document or instrument means such agreement,
document or instrument as amended or modified and in effect from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof and, if applicable,
the terms hereof. Reference to any Law means such Law as amended, modified, codified, replaced or re-enacted, in whole or in part, including
rules, regulations, enforcement procedures and any interpretations promulgated thereunder. Underscored references to Articles, Sections,
Exhibits or Schedules shall refer to those portions of this Agreement. In the event of a conflict between language or amounts contained
in the body of this Agreement and language or amounts contained in the Exhibits attached hereto, the language or amounts in the body
of the Agreement shall control.

Article II. Purchase
and Sale

Section 2.01 Purchase
of Share. Pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Company shall issue and sell to Buyer (i) shares of Series
B Stock (the Shares) for a price of $0.45 per Share, for a resulting total purchase price of $[] (the Purchase
Price).

Section 2.02 Closing.
Subject to the terms and conditions herein, the purchase and sale of the Shares (the Closing) shall occur on the Closing
Date, immediately following the execution of this Agreement.

2 

Section 2.03 Deliverables
and Actions at the Closing.

(a) At
the Closing the Company shall record the Buyer in the stock ledger of the Company as the
beneficial owner of the Shares, which the Parties acknowledge will not be certificated.

(b) At
the Closing, Buyer shall deliver to the Company the Purchase Price, via wire transfer to
an account as designated by the Company.

Section 2.04 Warrant.
The Parties acknowledge and agree that, pursuant to the Certificate of Designations of Preferences and Rights of Series B Convertible
Preferred Stock (as the same may be amended and in effect from time to time, the Certificate of Designations), the Company
may become obligated to issue to Buyer certain warrants to acquire shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, of the Company
(the Common Stock). In such event, each such warrant shall be in the form as attached hereto as Exhibit A (each, a Warrant).

Article III. Representations
and Warranties of the Company

The Company represents and
warrants to Buyer that the following representations and warranties contained in this Article III are true and correct as of the Closing
Date:

Section 3.01 Authorization
of Transactions. The Company is a corporation duly authorized and in good standing in the State of Nevada. The Company has the requisite
power and capacity to execute and deliver the Transaction Documents to which the Company is a party and to perform its obligations hereunder
and thereunder. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the applicable Transaction Documents and the consummation of
the Transactions have been duly and validly authorized by all requisite action on the part of the Company. The Transaction Documents
to which the Company is a party have been duly and validly executed and delivered by the Company. Each Transaction Document to which
the Company is a party constitutes the valid and legally binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance
with its terms and conditions, except to the extent enforcement thereof may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other
Laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights or by the principles governing the availability of equitable remedies.

Section 3.02 Capitalization;
Valid Issuance. The Shares shall constitute part of the authorized and unissued equity capital of the Company, and all of the Shares
shall be duly authorized for issuance without violation of any preemptive or similar rights and, when issued in accordance with the terms
and conditions herein, will be validly issued and fully paid and nonassessable.

Section 3.03Governmental
Approvals; Non-contravention.

(a) No
consent, Order, action or non-action of, or filing, notification, declaration or registration
with, any Governmental Authority or Person is necessary for the execution, delivery or performance
by the Company of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to which the Company is
a party.

(b) The
execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents to which
the Company is a party, and the consummation by the Company of the Transactions, do not (i)
violate or conflict with any Law or Order to which the Company or any of the Shares may be
subject, (ii) constitute a violation or breach of, be in conflict with, constitute or create
(with or without due notice or lapse of time or both) a default (or give rise to any right
of termination, modification, cancellation or acceleration) of any obligation under any Contract
to which the Company is a party or to which the Company or any of the Shares are subject
or by which the Companys properties, assets or rights are bound; (iii) result in the
creation or imposition of any lien upon any of the rights, properties or assets of the Company
or on any of the Shares; or (iv) violate or conflict with the Companys Governing Documents.

3 

Section 3.04 Brokers.
The Company has not engaged, or caused to be incurred any Liability or obligation to, any investment banker, finder, broker or sales
agent or any other Person in connection with the origin, negotiation, execution, delivery or performance of the Transaction Documents
to which it is a party, or the Transactions.

Article 4: Representations
and Warranties of the Buyer

Buyer represents and warrants
to the Company that the following statements contained in this Article IV are true and correct as of the Closing Date:

Section 4.01 Authorization
of Transactions. Buyer is a natural person or is an entity duly authorized and in good standing in the jurisdiction of its organization,
and has the requisite power and capacity to execute and deliver the Transaction Documents, to which it is a party and to perform its
obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution, delivery and performance by Buyer of the applicable Transaction Documents and the
consummation of the Transactions have been duly and validly authorized by all requisite action on the part of Buyer. The Transaction
Documents to which Buyer is a party have been duly and validly executed and delivered by Buyer. Each Transaction Document to which Buyer
is a party constitutes the valid and legally binding obligation of Buyer, enforceable against Buyer in accordance with its terms and
conditions, except to the extent enforcement thereof may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other Laws affecting the
enforcement of creditors rights or by the principles governing the availability of equitable remedies.

Section 4.02 Governmental
Approvals; Non-contravention.

(a) No
consent, Order, action or non-action of, or filing, notification, declaration or registration
with, any Governmental Authority is necessary for the execution, delivery or performance
by Buyer of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to which Buyer is a party.

(b) The
execution, delivery and performance by Buyer of the Transaction Documents to which Buyer
is a party, and the consummation by Buyer of the Transactions, do not (i) violate any Laws
or Orders to which Buyer is subject or (ii) if Buyer is an entity, violate, breach or conflict
with any provision of Buyers organizational documents.

Section 4.03 Investment
Representations.

(a) Buyer
understands and agrees that the consummation of this Agreement including the delivery of
the Shares and the shares of Common Stock that may be received on any conversion of the Shares
or otherwise issued to Buyer hereunder, and any Warrant that may be issued to Buyer, and
the shares of Common Stock that may be issued on any exercise of any Warrant (collectively,
the Securities) to Buyer as contemplated hereby constitutes the offer and sale
of securities under the Securities Act and applicable state statutes and that the Securities
are being acquired for Buyers own account and not with a present view towards the
public sale or distribution thereof, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted from
registration under the Securities Act.

(b) Buyer
is an accredited investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D under the Securities
Act (an Accredited Investor).

(c) Buyer
understands that the Securities are being offered and sold to Buyer in reliance upon specific exemptions from the
registration requirements of United States federal and state securities Laws and that the Company is relying upon
the truth and accuracy of, and Buyers compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments
and understandings of Buyer set forth herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility
of Buyer to acquire the Securities.

4 

(d) Buyer
and its advisors, if any, have been furnished with all materials relating to the Company
and its business, finances and operations of the Company and materials relating to the offer
and sale of the Securities which have been requested by Buyer or its advisors. Buyer and
its advisors, if any, have been afforded the opportunity to ask questions of the Company.
Buyer understands that its investment in the Securities involves a significant degree of
risk.

(e) At
no time was Buyer presented with or solicited by any leaflet, newspaper or magazine article, radio or television
advertisement, or any other form of general advertising or solicited or invited to attend a promotional meeting
otherwise than in connection and concurrently with such communicated offer. Buyer is not purchasing the Securities
acquired by Buyer hereunder as a result of any general solicitation or general advertising,
as such terms are defined in Regulation D under the Securities Act, which includes, but is not limited to, any advertisement,
article, notice or other communication regarding the Securities acquired by Buyer hereunder published in any newspaper,
magazine or similar media or on the internet or broadcast over television, radio or the internet or presented at
any seminar or any other general solicitation or general advertisement.

(f) Buyer
is acquiring the Securities for its own account as principal, not as a nominee or agent, for investment purposes
only, and not with a view to, or for, resale, distribution or fractionalization thereof in whole or in part and
no other person has a direct or indirect beneficial interest in the Securities. Further, Buyer does not have any
contract, undertaking, agreement or arrangement with any person to sell, transfer or grant participations to such
person or to any third person, with respect to the Securities.

(g) Buyer
understands that (i) the sale or re-sale of the Securities has not been registered under the Securities Act or any
applicable state securities laws, and unless and until registered, the Securities may not be transferred unless
(1) the Securities are sold pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act; (2) Buyer
shall have delivered to the Company, at the cost of the Company, an opinion of counsel that shall be in form, substance
and scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions to the effect that the Securities to be sold
or transferred may be sold or transferred pursuant to an exemption from such registration, which opinion shall be
accepted by the Company; (3) the Securities are sold or transferred to an affiliate (as defined in
Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act (or a successor rule) (Rule 144) of Buyer who agrees
to sell or otherwise transfer the Securities only in accordance with this Section 4.03 to a Person who is an Accredited
Investor; (4) the Securities are sold pursuant to Rule 144; (5) the Securities are sold pursuant to Regulation S
under the Securities Act (or a successor rule) (Regulation S); or (6) the Securities are sold pursuant
to the exemption from registration afforded under Section 4(a)(1) or Section 4(a)(7) of the Securities Act, and
Buyer shall have delivered to the Company, at the cost of the Company, an opinion of counsel that shall be in form,
substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in corporate transactions, which opinion shall be accepted
by the Company; (ii) any sale of Securities made in reliance on Rule 144 may be made only in accordance with the
terms of said Rule and further, if said Rule is not applicable, any re-sale of Securities under circumstances in
which the seller (or the person through whom the sale is made) may be deemed to be an underwriter (as that term
is defined in the Securities Act) may require compliance with some other exemption under the Securities Act or the
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder; and (iii) neither the Company nor any
other person is under any obligation to register such Securities under the Securities Act or any state securities
laws or to comply with the terms and conditions of any exemption thereunder (in each case).

(h) Buyer,
either alone or together with its Representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication and experience in business
and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the
Securities, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Buyer is able to bear the economic risk
of its investment in the Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

(i) Buyer
understands that no United States federal or state agency or any other governmental or state agency has passed on
or made recommendations or endorsement of the Securities or the suitability of the investment in the Securities
nor have such authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the Transactions set forth herein.

5 

(j) Any
legend required by the securities laws of any state to the extent such laws are applicable
to the Securities represented by the certificate so legended shall be included on any certificates
representing the Securities. Buyer also understands that the Securities may bear the following
or a substantially similar legend:

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE
HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, NOR REGISTERED OR QUALIFIED UNDER ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS. SUCH
SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, DELIVERED AFTER SALE, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, OR HYPOTHECATED UNLESS QUALIFIED AND REGISTERED
UNDER APPLICABLE STATE AND FEDERAL SECURITIES LAWS OR UNLESS, IN THE OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY, SUCH
QUALIFICATION AND REGISTRATION ARE NOT REQUIRED. ANY TRANSFER OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE IS FURTHER SUBJECT TO
OTHER RESTRICTIONS, TERMS AND CONDITIONS WHICH ARE NOT SET FORTH HEREIN.

Section 4.04 Brokers.
Buyer has not engaged any investment banker, finder, broker or sales agent or any other Person in connection with the origin, negotiation,
execution, delivery or performance of any Transaction Document to which it is a party, or the Transactions.

Article V. Covenants
and Additional Agreements

Section 5.01 Public Announcements.
Unless otherwise required by applicable Law (based upon the reasonable advice of counsel), no Party shall make any public announcements
in respect of this Agreement or the Transactions or otherwise communicate with any news media without the prior written consent of the
other Party (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), and the Parties shall cooperate as to the timing and contents
of any such announcement.

Section 5.02 Further
Assurances. Following the Closing Date, each Party shall, and shall cause its respective Affiliates to, execute and deliver such
additional documents, instruments, conveyances and assurances and take such further actions as may be reasonably required to carry out
the provisions hereof and give effect to the Transactions.

Article VI. Indemnification

Section 6.01 General
Indemnification. Each Party (the Indemnifying Party) agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the other Party
and such other Partys Affiliates and each of their respective directors, officers, managers, partners, employees, agents, equity
holders, successors and assigns (each, an Indemnified Party), from and against any and all Losses incurred or suffered
by any Indemnified Party arising out of, based upon or resulting from any breach of any representations or warranties of the Indemnifying
Party herein or breach by the Indemnifying Party of, or any failure the Indemnifying Party to perform, any of the covenants, agreements
or obligations contained in or made pursuant to this Agreement by the Indemnifying Party.

Section 6.02 Procedures
for Indemnification. The following shall apply with respect to all claims by any Indemnified Party for indemnification hereunder:

(a) Third-Party
Claims. If any Indemnified Party receives notice of the assertion or commencement of
any Action made or brought by any Person who is not a party to this Agreement or an Affiliate
of a party to this Agreement or a Representative of the foregoing (a Third-Party Claim)
against such Indemnified Party with respect to which the Indemnifying Party is obligated
to provide indemnification under this Agreement, the Indemnified Party shall give the Indemnifying
Party reasonably prompt written notice thereof, but in any event not later than thirty (30)
calendar days after receipt of such notice of such Third-Party Claim. The failure to give
such prompt written notice shall not, however, relieve the Indemnifying Party of its indemnification
obligations, except and only to the extent that the Indemnifying Party forfeits rights or
defenses by reason of such failure. Such notice by the Indemnified Party shall describe the
Third-Party Claim in reasonable detail, shall include copies of all material written evidence
thereof and shall indicate the estimated amount, if reasonably practicable, of the Loss that
has been or may be sustained by the Indemnified Party. The Indemnifying Party shall have
the right to participate in, or by giving written notice to the Indemnified Party, to assume
the defense of any Third-Party Claim at the Indemnifying Partys expense and by the
Indemnifying Partys own counsel, and the Indemnified Party shall cooperate in good
faith in such defense. In the event that the Indemnifying Party assumes the defense of any
Third-Party Claim, subject to Section 6.02(b), it shall have the right to take such action
as it deems necessary to avoid, dispute, defend, appeal or make counterclaims pertaining
to any such Third-Party Claim in the name and on behalf of the Indemnified Party. The Indemnified
Party shall have the right to participate in the defense of any Third-Party Claim with counsel
selected by it subject to the Indemnifying Partys right to control the defense thereof,
provided that the fees and disbursements of such counsel shall be at the expense of the Indemnified
Party.

6 

(b) Settlement
of Third-Party Claims. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Indemnifying
Party shall not enter into settlement of any Third-Party Claim without the prior written
consent of the Indemnified Party, except as provided in this Section 6.02(b). If a firm offer
is made to settle a Third-Party Claim without leading to liability or the creation of a financial
or other obligation on the part of the Indemnified Party and provides, in customary form,
for the unconditional release of each Indemnified Party from all liabilities and obligations
in connection with such Third-Party Claim and the Indemnifying Party desires to accept and
agree to such offer, the Indemnifying Party shall give written notice to that effect to the
Indemnified Party. If the Indemnified Party objects to such offer, or does not provide a
response to such firm offer within ten days after its receipt of such notice (in which case
the Indemnified Party shall be deemed to not have consented to such offer), the Indemnified
Party shall thereafter assume the defense of such Third-Party Claim and shall continue to
contest or defend such Third-Party Claim and in such event the maximum liability of the Indemnifying
Party as to such Third-Party Claim shall not exceed the amount of such settlement offer.
If the Indemnified Party consents to such firm offer the Indemnifying Party may settle the
Third-Party Claim upon the terms set forth in such firm offer to settle such Third-Party
Claim. If the Indemnifying Party has not assumed the defense pursuant to Section 6.02(a),
the Indemnified Party shall not agree to any settlement without the written consent of the
Indemnifying Party (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed).

(c) Direct
Claims. Any Action by an Indemnified Party on account of a Loss which does not result from a Third-Party Claim
(a Direct Claim) shall be asserted by the Indemnified Party giving the Indemnifying Party reasonably
prompt written notice thereof, but in any event not later than thirty (30) calendar days after the Indemnified Party
becomes aware of such Direct Claim. The failure to give such prompt written notice shall not, however, relieve the
Indemnifying Party of its indemnification obligations, except and only to the extent that the Indemnifying Party
forfeits rights or defenses by reason of such failure. Such notice by the Indemnified Party shall describe the Direct
Claim in reasonable detail, shall include copies of all material written evidence thereof and shall indicate the
estimated amount, if reasonably practicable, of the Loss that has been or may be sustained by the Indemnified Party.
The Indemnifying Party shall have thirty (30) calendar days after its receipt of such notice to respond in writing
to such Direct Claim. The Indemnified Party shall allow the Indemnifying Party and its professional advisors to
investigate the matter or circumstance alleged to give rise to the Direct Claim, and whether and to what extent
any amount is payable in respect of the Direct Claim and the Indemnified Party shall assist the Indemnifying Partys
investigation by giving such information and assistance as the Indemnifying Party or any of its professional advisors
may reasonably request. If the Indemnifying Party does not so respond within such thirty (30) calendar day period,
the Indemnifying Party shall be deemed to have rejected such claim, in which case the Indemnified Party shall be
free to pursue such remedies as may be available to the Indemnified Party on the terms and subject to the provisions
of this Agreement.

(a) Cooperation.
Upon a reasonable request made by the Indemnifying Party, each Indemnified Party seeking
indemnification hereunder in respect of any Direct Claim, hereby agrees to consult with the
Indemnifying Party and act reasonably to take actions reasonably requested by the Indemnifying
Party in order to attempt to reduce the amount of Losses in respect of such Direct Claim.
Any costs or expenses associated with taking such actions shall be included as Losses hereunder.

Section 6.03 Payment.
Upon a determination of liability under this Article VI, the Indemnifying Party shall pay or cause to be paid to the Indemnified
Party the amount so determined within five (5) Business Days after the date of such determination. If there should be a dispute as to
the amount or manner of determination of any indemnity obligation owed under this Agreement, the Indemnifying Party shall nevertheless
pay when due such portion, if any, of the obligation that is not subject to dispute. Upon the payment in full of any amounts due under
this Article VI with respect to any claim, the Indemnifying Party shall be subrogated to the rights of the Indemnified Party against
any Person with respect to the subject matter of such claim.

Section 6.04 Effect of
Knowledge on Indemnification. The right to indemnification, reimbursement or other remedy based upon any representations, warranties,
covenants and obligations set forth in this Agreement shall not be affected by any investigation conducted with respect to, or any knowledge
acquired (or capable of being acquired) at any time, whether before or after the execution and delivery of this Agreement, with respect
to the accuracy or inaccuracy of or compliance with any such representation, warranty, covenant or obligation. The waiver of any condition
based upon the accuracy of any representation or warranty, or on the performance of or compliance with any covenant or obligation, shall
not affect the right to indemnification, reimbursement or other remedy based upon such representations, warranties, covenants or obligations.

7 

Article VII. Miscellaneous

Section 7.01 Notices.
Any notices under this Agreement shall be in writing. Notices may be served by certified or registered mail, postage paid with return
receipt requested; by private courier, prepaid; by other reliable form of electronic communication; or personally. Mailed notices shall
be deemed delivered five (5) days after mailing, properly addressed. Couriered notices shall be deemed delivered on the date that the
courier warrants that delivery will occur. Electronic communication notices shall be deemed delivered when receipt is either confirmed
by confirming transmission equipment or acknowledged by the addressee or its office. Personal delivery shall be effective when accomplished.
Any Party may change its address by giving notice, in writing, stating its new address, to the other Party. Subject to the forgoing,
notices shall be sent as follows:

If to the Company, to:

Chilean Cobalt Corp.

Attn: Duncan T. Blount

1199 Lancaster Ave, Suite 107

Berwyn, Pennsylvania 19312

Email: duncan.blount@chileancobaltcorp.com

With a copy, which shall not constitute notice, to:

Anthony, Linder & Cacomanolis, PLLC

Attn: John Cacomanolis

1700 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd., Suite 820

West Palm Beach, FL 33401

Email: jcacomanolis@alclaw.com

If to the Buyer, to the address for notices as set forth
on the signature page hereof.

Section 7.02 Attorneys
Fees. In the event that either Party institutes any action or suit to enforce this Agreement or to secure relief from any default
hereunder or breach hereof, the prevailing Party shall be reimbursed by the losing Party for all costs, including reasonable attorneys
fees, incurred in connection therewith and in enforcing or collecting any judgment rendered therein.

Section 7.03
Amendments; No Waivers.

(a) Other
than as specifically set forth herein, this Agreement may be amended, modified, superseded,
terminated or cancelled, and any of the terms, covenants, representations, warranties or
conditions hereof may be waived, only by a written instrument executed by the Parties.

(b) Every
right and remedy provided herein shall be cumulative with every other right and remedy, whether
conferred herein, at law, or in equity, and may be enforced concurrently herewith, and no
waiver by any Party of the performance of any obligation by another Party shall be construed
as a waiver of the same or any other default then, theretofore, or thereafter occurring or
existing.

(c) Neither
any failure or delay in exercising any right or remedy hereunder or in requiring satisfaction
of any condition herein nor any course of dealing shall constitute a waiver of or prevent
any Party from enforcing any right or remedy or from requiring satisfaction of any condition.
No notice to or demand on a Party waives or otherwise affects any obligation of that Party
or impairs any right of the Party giving such notice or making such demand, including any
right to take any action without notice or demand not otherwise required by this Agreement.
No exercise of any right or remedy with respect to a breach of this Agreement shall preclude
exercise of any other right or remedy, as appropriate to make the aggrieved Party whole with
respect to such breach, or subsequent exercise of any right or remedy with respect to any
other breach.

8 

Section 7.04 No Consequential
or Punitive Damages. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING ELSE CONTAINED HEREIN, NO PARTY SHALL SEEK, NOR SHALL ANY PARTY BE LIABLE FOR, CONSEQUENTIAL,
PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, UNDER ANY TORT, CONTRACT, EQUITY, OR OTHER LEGAL THEORY, WITH RESPECT TO ANY BREACH (OR ALLEGED BREACH)
OF THIS AGREEMENT or any provision hereof or any matter otherwise relating hereto or arising in
connection herewith, other than for any punitive damages actually ordered by a Governmental Authority and thereafter finally paid.

Section 7.05 Expenses.
Unless otherwise contemplated or stipulated by this Agreement, all costs and expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement
shall be paid by the Party incurring such cost or expense.

Section 7.06 Successors
and Assigns; Benefit. This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective successors
and permitted assigns. No Party shall have any power or any right to assign or transfer, in whole or in part, this Agreement, or any
of its rights or any of its obligations hereunder, including, without limitation, any right to pursue any claim for damages pursuant
to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated herein, or to pursue any claim for any breach or default of this Agreement, or any
right arising from the purported assignors due performance of its obligations hereunder, without the prior written consent of
the other Party and any such purported assignment in contravention of the provisions herein shall be null and void and of no force or
effect.

Section 7.07 Third-Party
Beneficiaries. This contract is strictly between the Parties and, except as specifically provided, no director, officer, stockholder,
employee, agent, independent contractor or any other Person shall be deemed to be a third-Party beneficiary of this Agreement.

Section 7.08 Governing
Law; Etc.

(a) This
Agreement, and any and all claims, proceedings or causes of action relating to this Agreement
or arising from this Agreement or the transactions contemplated herein, including, without
limitation, tort claims, statutory claims and contract claims, shall be interpreted, construed,
governed and enforced under and solely in accordance with the substantive and procedural
laws of the State of Nevada, in each case as in effect from time to time and as the same
may be amended from time to time, and as applied to agreements performed wholly within the
State of Nevada.

(b) SUBJECT
TO Section 7.09, ANY LEGAL SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR BASED UPON THIS AGREEMENT,
THE OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREIN SHALL BE INSTITUTED
SOLELY IN THE FEDERAL COURTS OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA OR THE COURTS OF THE STATES
OF PENNSYLVANIA, IN EACH CASE LOCATED IN BEREWYN, PENNSYLVANIA AND EACH PARTY IRREVOCABLY
SUBMITS TO THE PERSONAL JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS IN ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING.
THE PARTIES IRREVOCABLY ANDUNCONDITIONALLY WAIVE ANY OBJECTION TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF
ANY SUIT, ACTION OR ANY PROCEEDING IN SUCH COURTS AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVE AND AGREE NOT TO
PLEAD OR CLAIM IN ANY SUCH COURT THAT ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN ANY
SUCH COURT HAS BEEN BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT FORUM.

(c) EACH
PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT
IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT
OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS, THE PERFORMANCE THEREOF OR THE FINANCINGS
CONTEMPLATED THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO
(A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED,
EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK
TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO
HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS
AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS Section 7.08(c).

9 

Section 7.09 Resolution
of Disputes. Except as otherwise provided herein, all controversies, disputes or actions between the Parties arising out of the Transactions
or this Agreement, including their respective Affiliates, owners, officers, directors, agents and employees, arising from or relating
to this Agreement shall on demand of either party be submitted for arbitration to in accordance with the rules and regulations of the
American Arbitration Association. The arbitration shall be conducted by one arbitrator jointly selected by the Parties, provided, however,
that if such Parties are unable to agree on the identity of the arbitrator within 10 Business Days of commencement of efforts to do so,
each Party shall select one arbitrator and the arbitrators so selected shall select a final arbitrator, and the final arbitrator shall
conduct the arbitration alone. The Parties agree that, in connection with any such arbitration proceeding, each shall submit or file
any claim which would constitute a compulsory counterclaim (as defined by Rule 13 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedures) within the
same proceeding as the claim to which it relates. Any such claim which is not submitted or filed in such proceeding shall be barred.
The arbitrator shall be instructed to use every reasonable effort to perform its services within seven Business Days of request, and,
in any case, as soon as practicable. The Parties agree to be bound by the provisions of any limitation on the period of time by which
claims must be brought under Nevada law or any applicable federal law. The arbitrator shall have the right to award the relief which
he or she deems proper, consistent with the terms of this Agreement, including compensatory damages (with interest on unpaid amounts
from due date), injunctive relief, specific performance, legal damages and costs. The award and decision of the arbitrator shall be conclusive
and binding on all Parties, and judgment upon the award may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. Any right to contest the
validity or enforceability of this award shall be governed exclusively by the United States Arbitration Act. The arbitration shall be
conducted in Naples, Florida. The provisions of this Section 7.09 shall continue in full force and effect subsequent to and notwithstanding
the expiration or termination of this Agreement.

Section 7.10 Specific
Performance. Each Party agrees that irreparable damage would occur if any provision of this Agreement were not performed in accordance
with the terms hereof and that each Party shall be entitled to seek specific performance of the terms hereof in addition to any other
remedy at law or in equity.

Section 7.11 Survival.
The representations and warranties in Article IV and Article V of this Agreement shall survive the Closing Date for a period of twelve
(12) months, and no claim for indemnification may be made after such time. All covenants and agreements in this Agreement will survive
until fully performed; provided, however, that, nothing herein shall prevent a Party from making any claim hereunder, or relieve any
other Party from any liability hereunder, after such time for any breach thereof.

Section 7.12 Severability.
If any provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any rule of law, or public policy, all other
conditions and provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or legal substance
of the Transactions is not affected in any manner adverse to any Party. Upon such determination that any provision is invalid, illegal
or incapable of being enforced, the Parties shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent
of the Parties as closely as possible in an acceptable manner to the end that the Transactions are fulfilled to the extent possible.

Section 7.13 Entire Agreement.
This Agreement and the other Transaction Documents constitute the entire agreement between the Parties with respect to the subject
matter hereof and thereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, both oral and written, between the Parties with respect
to the subject matter hereof and thereof.

Section 7.14 Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which taken together
shall be but a single instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf or any electronic signature
complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered
shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes.

[Signature page follows]

10 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have
caused this Agreement to be duly executed effective as of the Closing Date.

Chilean Cobalt Corp.

By: 

Name: Duncan T. Blount

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Buyer] 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

(if applicable, for entities)

Address for notices:

[___________________]

[___________________]

[___________________]

Email: [___________________]

11 

Exhibit A

Form of Warrant

(Attached)

12 

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR
THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAS BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES
COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES
ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT
AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY
BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT WITH A REGISTERED BROKER-DEALER OR OTHER LOAN WITH A FINANCIAL INSTITUTION THAT
IS AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

Chilean
Cobalt Corp.

Common
Stock Purchase Warrant

Holder: [___________________]

Warrant Shares:[]

Issue
Date:[], 202[4/5]

This Common Stock Purchase
Warrant (this Warrant) certifies that, for value received, the person or entity as set forth above (the Holder)
is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after
the Issue Date as set forth above (the Initial Exercise Date) and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (Eastern time) on the tenth
annual anniversary of the Issue Date as set forth above (the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and
purchase from Chilean Cobalt Corp., a Nevada corporation (the Company), up to the number of shares of the Companys
common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock) as set forth above (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the
Warrant Shares). The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price,
as defined in Section 2(b).

Section 1.Stock Purchase Agreement. This
Warrant is issued to the Holder pursuant the Stock Purchase Agreement between the Holder and the Company, dated as of [December/January
_______, 202[4/5]] (the SPA) and is subject to the terms and conditions thereof.

Section 2. Exercise.

(a) Exercise of Warrant.
Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on or after the Initial
Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed facsimile copy or PDF copy submitted
by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Notice of Exercise).
Within two (2) Business Days (as defined below) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise
Price for the Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer. No ink- original Notice of Exercise shall
be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder
has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall
surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within two (2) Business Days of the date on which the final Notice of Exercise
is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares
available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal
to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant
Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within two (2) Business
Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the
provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available
for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof. For purposes herein, Business
Day means any day on which the commercial banks are generally open for business in the State of New York.

13 

(b) Exercise Price. The
exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $0.01 subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise Price).

(c) Mechanics of Exercise.

(i) Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise.
The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Companys
transfer agent at the time (the Transfer Agent) to the Holder by crediting
the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository
Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC)
if the Company is then a participant in such system and there is an effective registration
statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to the Holder, and otherwise by delivery
in book-entry form in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares
to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the
Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is five (5) Business Days after the delivery
to the Company of the Notice of Exercise, provided that, in either case, the Companys
obligation to deliver the Warrant Shares may not be any earlier than one (1) Business Day
after receipt by the Company of the aggregate Exercise Price (such date that delivery of
the Warrant Shares is required hereunder, the Warrant Share Delivery Date).
Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise and the Exercise Price, the Holder shall be deemed
for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with
respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date a notice of uncertificated
shares with respect to the Warrant Shares is delivered.

(ii) Delivery of New Warrants Upon
Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the
request of a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant, at the time of delivery of the Warrant
Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase
the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all
other respects be identical with this Warrant.

(iii) No Fractional Shares or Scrip.
No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise
of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled
to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall round down to the nearest whole share.

(iv) Charges, Taxes and Expenses.
The Company will, from time to time, promptly pay all taxes and charges that may be imposed
upon the Company in respect of the issuance or delivery of Warrant Shares, but the Company
shall not be obligated to pay any transfer taxes in respect of the Warrants or the Warrant
Shares. The Company or the Transfer Agent, as applicable, shall not register any transfer
or issue or deliver any Warrant certificate(s) or Warrant Shares unless or until the Persons
(as defined below) requesting the registration or issuance shall have paid to the Company
or the Transfer Agent for the account of the Company the amount of such tax, if any, or shall
have established to the reasonable satisfaction of the Company and the Transfer Agent that
such tax, if any, has been paid. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for
processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another
established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for electronic delivery
of the Warrant Shares. For purposes herein, Person means an individual, corporation,
partnership (including a general partnership, limited partnership or limited liability partnership),
limited liability company, association, trust or other entity or organization, including
a government, domestic or foreign, or political subdivision thereof, or an agency or instrumentality
thereof.

(v) Closing of Books. The Company
will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise
of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

14 

(d) Holders Exercise
Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion
of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise as set forth
on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates (as defined below), and any other Persons
acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)),
would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the
number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude
the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant
beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or
nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents, as defined
below) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder
or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(d), beneficial
ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder (the Exchange Act), it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to
the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any
schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(d) applies, the
determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates
and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission
of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to
other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable,
in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy
of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with
Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(d), in determining
the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected
in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the
Commission), as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice
by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request
of a Holder, the Company shall within one (1) Business Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common
Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the
conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since
the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation
shall be 4.99% (or, upon election by a Holder prior to the issuance of any Warrants, 9.99%) of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice
to the Company, may waive or increase the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(d), provided that any increase
in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company.
The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of
this Section 2(d) to correct this Section 2(d) (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial
Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation.
The limitations contained in this Section 2(d) shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant. If the Warrant is un-exercisable as
a result of the Holders Beneficial Ownership Limitation, no alternate consideration or compensation shall be owed to the Holder;
provided, however, that the Warrant shall remain outstanding, valid and in full force and effect, subject to the other terms and conditions
herein. For purposes herein, Affiliate of a Person means any other Person that directly or indirectly, through one or more
intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such Person, and the term control (including
the terms controlled by and under common control with) means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the
power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities,
by contract or otherwise. For purposes herein, Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company which would
entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option,
warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder
thereof to receive, Common Stock.

15 

Section 3. Certain Adjustments.

(a) Stock Dividends and Splits.
If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions
on shares of Common Stock or any other equity equivalent securities payable in shares of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt,
shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares
of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common
Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the
Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares
of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the
number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant
shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made
pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled
to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision,
combination or re-classification.

(b) Fundamental Transaction.
If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects
any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company, directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease,
license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related
transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person)
is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash
or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Common Stock, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly,
in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory
share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property,
or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other
business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with
another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock
(not including any shares of Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with
the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination) (each a Fundamental
Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant
Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option
of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(d) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock
of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the
Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of
Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation
in Section 2(d) on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be
appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of
one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration
in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common
Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall
be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction.
The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor
Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents. Upon
the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after
the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company
shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations
of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named
as the Company herein.

16 

(c) Calculations. All
calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes
of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the
number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

(d) Voluntary Adjustment
By Company. The Company may at any time during the term of this Warrant reduce the then current Exercise Price to any amount and
for any period of time deemed appropriate by the board of directors of the Company.

(e) Notice to Holder.
Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly deliver to the Holder
a notice in accordance with Section 5(l) setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number
of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

Section 4. Transfer of Warrant.

(a) Transferability.
Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, this Warrant and all rights hereunder are transferable, in whole or in part, upon
surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this
Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient
to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall
execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations
specified in such instrument of assignment and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so
assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required
to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall
surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Business Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the
Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for
the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

(b) New Warrants. This
Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company, together with
a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent or
attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination, the Company
shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance with
such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial Issue Date of this Warrant and shall be identical
with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

(c) Warrant Register.
The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant Register),
in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the
absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual
notice to the contrary.

Section 5.
Miscellaneous.

(a) No Rights as Stockholder
Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or other rights as
a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2, except as expressly set forth in Section 3. In no
event shall the Company be required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

(b) Loss, Theft, Destruction
or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to it of the
loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant, and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably
satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation
of such Warrant, if mutilated, the Company will make and deliver a new Warrant of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu
of such Warrant.

17 

(c) Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays,
etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein shall not
be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

(d) Authorized Shares.
The Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock
a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant.
Except and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder or in connection with a Fundamental Transaction, the Company shall not
amend its articles of incorporation in a manner that would impact the Companys ability to perform its obligations under this Warrant.
The Company also shall (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the Exercise Price and (ii) use commercially reasonable
efforts to obtain all authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be,
necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

(e) Authorizations. Before
taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the
Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from
any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

(f) Governing Law. Thie
Warrant Agreement, and any and all claims, proceedings or causes of action relating to this Agreement or arising from this Agreement
or the transactions contemplated herein, including, without limitation, tort claims, statutory claims and contract claims, shall be interpreted,
construed, governed and enforced under and solely in accordance with the substantive and procedural laws of the State of Nevada, in each
case as in effect from time to time and as the same may be amended from time to time, and as applied to agreements performed wholly within
the State of Nevada.

(g) Jurisdiction. SUBJECT
TO SECTION 5(I), ANY LEGAL SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR BASED UPON THIS AGREEMENT, THE OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS OR
THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREIN SHALL BE INSTITUTED SOLELY IN THE FEDERAL COURTS OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA OR THE COURTS OF
THE STATES OF PENNSYLVANIA, IN EACH CASE LOCATED IN BEREWYN, PENNSYLVANIA AND EACH PARTY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE PERSONAL JURISDICTION
OF SUCH COURTS IN ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING. THE PARTIES IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVE ANY OBJECTION TO THE LAYING
OF VENUE OF ANY SUIT, ACTION OR ANY PROCEEDING IN SUCH COURTS AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVE AND AGREE NOT TO PLEAD OR CLAIM IN ANY SUCH COURT
THAT ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN ANY SUCH COURT HAS BEEN BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT FORUM.

(h) Waiver of Jury Trial.
EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY WHICH MAY ARISE UNDER THIS WARRANT IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT
ISSUES AND, THEREFORE, EACH SUCH PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF
ANY LEGAL ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS WARRANT OR THE CONTEMPLATED TRANSACTIONS. EACH PARTY TO THIS WARRANT CERTIFIES AND
ACKNOWLEDGES THAT (A) NO REPRESENTATIVE OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT SEEK
TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER IN THE EVENT OF A LEGAL ACTION, (B) SUCH PARTY HAS CONSIDERED THE IMPLICATIONS OF THIS WAIVER, (C) SUCH
PARTY MAKES THIS WAIVER VOLUNTARILY, AND (D) SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL
WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 5(H).

(i) Resolution of Disputes.
Any disputes hereunder shall resolved as set forth in the SPA.

(j) Restrictions. The
Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, may have restrictions upon
resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

(k) Nonwaiver and Expenses.
No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as a waiver of such
right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies.

18 

(l) Notices. All communications
hereunder shall be given in accordance with the provisions of the SPA.

(m) Limitation of Liability.
No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant Shares, and
no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase price
of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company.

(n) Remedies. The Holder,
in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific performance
of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by
reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any action for
specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

(o) Successors and Assigns.
Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the benefit of and
be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder. The provisions
of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable by the Holder
or holder of Warrant Shares.

(p) Amendment. This Warrant
may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and the Holder.

(q) Severability. Wherever
possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if
any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the extent
of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

(r) Headings. The headings
used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

(s) Counterparts. This
Warrant may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which taken together shall be
but a single instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf or any electronic signature complying
with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall
be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes.

(Signature Page Follows)

19 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has
caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the Issue Date as set forth above.

Chilean Cobalt Corp.

By: 

Name: Duncan T. Blount

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Agreed
and accepted:

Holder name: 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

(if applicable)

20 

EXHIBIT A

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

TO: Chilean
Cobalt Corp.

(1) The undersigned hereby
elects to purchase Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised in full),
and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2)
Payment in lawful money of the United States, payable to the Company is being delivered with this Notice of Exercise.

(3)
Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The Warrant
Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing
Entity:

____________________________________________

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity:

____________________________________________

Name of Authorized
Signatory:

____________________________________________

Title of
Authorized Signatory:

____________________________________________

Date:

21 

EXHIBIT B

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign
the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR VALUE
RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please Print)

Address: 

(Please Print)

Phone Number: 

Email
Address: 

Date: _______________, _______ 

Holders Signature: 

Holders Address: 

22
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>none-20250115.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>none-20250115_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>none-20250115_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 15, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 15, 2025

Entity File Number 333-268335

Entity Registrant Name CHILEAN COBALT CORP.

Entity Central Index Key 0001727255

Entity Tax Identification Number 82-3590294

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 1199 Lancaster Ave

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 107

Entity Address, City or Town Berwyn

Entity Address, State or Province PA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 19312

City Area Code (484)

Local Phone Number 580-8697

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
21 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://chileancobalt.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

chilean_8k.htm 
none-20250115.xsd 
none-20250115_lab.xml 
none-20250115_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0001683168-25-000474-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>chilean_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001727255 

2025-01-15 
2025-01-15 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001727255 
8-K 
2025-01-15 
CHILEAN COBALT CORP. 
NV 
333-268335 
82-3590294 
1199 Lancaster Ave 
Suite 107 
Berwyn 
PA 
19312 
(484) 
580-8697 
false 
false 
false 
false 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>