<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001753926-25-000627.txt : 20250414
<SEC-HEADER>0001753926-25-000627.hdr.sgml : 20250414
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250414090054
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001753926-25-000627
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		21
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250411
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250414
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250414

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Sonder Holdings Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001819395
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	HOTELS, ROOMING HOUSE, CAMPS & OTHER LODGING PLACES [7000]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		EIN:				852097088
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39907
		FILM NUMBER:		25834323

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		447 SUTTER ST. SUITE 405, #542
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94108
		BUSINESS PHONE:		617-300-0956

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		447 SUTTER ST. SUITE 405, #542
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94108

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Sonder Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20220119

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Gores Metropoulos II, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200728
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>g084774_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?Form 8-K

false--12-31000181939500018193952025-04-112025-04-110001819395SOND:CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember2025-04-112025-04-110001819395SOND:WarrantsEach20WarrantsExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockAtExercisePriceOf230.00PerShareMember2025-04-112025-04-11iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date
of report (Date of earliest event reported): April 11, 2025

SONDER
HOLDINGS INC.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-39907 85-2097088

(State
or other jurisdiction

of
incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(I.R.S.
Employer

Identification
No.)

447
Sutter St., Suite 405 #542 

San
Francisco, California 94108

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code)

(617)300-0956

(Registrants
telephone number, including area code)

Not
Applicable

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant
under any of the following provisions: 

Written
communication pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbols 

Name of each 

exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share SOND The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Warrants, each 20 warrants exercisable for one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of $230.00 per share SONDW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

Securities
Purchase Agreements

On
April 11, 2025, Sonder Holdings Inc. (the Company) entered into Securities Purchase Agreements (the Securities
Purchase Agreements), with certain qualified institutional buyers or accredited investors (each a Purchaser
and, collectively, the Purchasers) whereby the Company issued and sold an aggregate of 17.98 million shares (the
Preferred Shares) of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (Series A Preferred
Stock), at a purchase price of $1.00 per share, resulting in aggregate gross proceeds to the Company of $17.98 million
(such offering, the Preferred Financing). The terms of the Preferred Shares are identical to the outstanding shares
of Series A Preferred Stock, which are described in the Companys Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-284891),
which description is incorporated by reference herein.

Under
the Securities Purchase Agreements, the Purchasers each agreed that the Preferred Shares collectively will be immediately convertible
into up to 19.99% of the outstanding shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common
Stock), on April 11, 2025. The Securities Purchase Agreements require the Company to hold a special meeting of stockholders
within 30 calendar days after the Company has filed its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 (the 2024
Form 10-K) for the purpose of obtaining stockholder approval of a proposal to approve the issuance of the shares of Common
Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Shares in accordance with Rule 5635 of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq
and, such proposal, the Nasdaq Proposal) and a proposal to increase the number of authorized shares of Common Stock
to 210,921,255 shares (the Authorized Share Proposal and, such approvals for the Nasdaq Proposal and the Authorized
Share Proposal collectively, the Stockholder Approval). The Purchasers also agreed that, among other things, until
the Stockholder Approval is obtained, they will attend any meeting of stockholders for the purposes of establishing a quorum,
abstain from voting their Preferred Shares (or any Common Stock issued upon conversion thereof) on such matters; provided, however,
they will vote in favor of the Authorized Share Proposal to the maximum extent allowable under Nasdaq rules. Following receipt
of Stockholder Approval, the Preferred Shares will be fully convertible into shares of Common Stock and will vote on all applicable
matters in accordance with the Certificate of Designation of Powers, Preferences and Rights of the Series A Preferred Stock (the
Certificate of Designation).

The
Securities Purchase Agreements also require the Company to file a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the Securities Act), within 30 calendar days of the filing of the 2024 Form 10-K with respect to the resale
of shares of Common Stock receivable upon conversion of the Preferred Shares.

Francis
Davidson, the Companys Chief Executive Officer and a Director on the Companys Board of Directors, entered into a
Securities Purchase Agreement with the Company as part of the Preferred Financing, pursuant to which Mr. Davidson purchased $595,000
in the Preferred Financing. Mr. Davidson has agreed that he may not convert any of his Preferred Shares to Common Stock prior
to the Companys receipt of the Stockholder Approval.

To
the extent the Purchasers do not already have such right, the Securities Purchase Agreements grant the Purchasers the right to
purchase up to 25% of any equity offering until August 13, 2029 (a Subsequent Financing). The Purchasers are entitled
to participate on a pro-rata basis (determined by their proportionate ownership of the Common Stock assuming conversion of their
shares of Series A Preferred Stock) at a purchase price equal to 75% of the purchase price of any other investor in such Subsequent
Financing.

The
Securities Purchase Agreements contain customary representations, warranties and covenants of the Company and the Purchasers.

The
Preferred Shares were issued and sold in reliance upon an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act pursuant
to Section 4(a)(2) thereof.

The
foregoing summary of the Securities Purchase Agreements is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the Form of Securities
Purchase Agreement, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference
herein.

Voting
Support Agreement

In
connection with the Preferred Financing, on April 11, 2025, the Company entered into an agreement with stockholders representing
approximately 58% of the Companys outstanding voting power prior to the Preferred Financing, pursuant to which the stockholder
parties thereto agreed to, among other things, vote in favor of the Nasdaq Proposal and the Authorized Share Proposal.

The
foregoing summary of the Voting Support Agreement is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the Form of Voting Support
Agreement attached as Exhibit 10.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference herein.

Consent,
Waiver and Sixth Amendment to Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement

On
April 11, 2025, the Company entered into the Waiver, Consent and Sixth Amendment (the NPA Amendment), by and among
the Company, the subsidiary note obligors party thereto (together with the Company, the Note Obligors), the subsidiary
guarantors party thereto (the Guarantors), the investors party thereto (the Investors) and Alter Domus
(US) LLC, as collateral agent (Agent), which modifies that certain Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement, dated as
of December 10, 2021 by and among the Note Obligors, the guarantors party thereto from time to time, and the investors party thereto
from time (as amended, amended and restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time, the Note Purchase Agreement),
and the subordinated secured notes issued pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement (the Notes).

Among
other things, the NPA Amendment provides for (a) certain waivers in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated
by the Securities Purchase Agreements, (b) the cancellation of an amount equal to 15% of the sum of the aggregate principal amount
of the Notes and accrued but unpaid interest on the Notes as of the amendment date, (c) a reduction in the interest rate applicable
to the Notes, (d) an extension of the option to pay interest in kind and (e) amendments to certain covenants under the Note Purchase
Agreement.

In
connection with the Companys entrance into the NPA Amendment, the Company issued warrants to the Investors to purchase
an aggregate of up to 5 million shares of the Common Stock at $1.00 per share (collectively, the NPA Warrants).
Each NPA Warrant will become exercisable after the Company obtains Stockholder Approval and will be exercisable thereafter until
April 11, 2030. The exercise price of the NPA Warrants is subject to adjustment in the event of stock dividends, stock splits,
stock combinations, reorganizations or similar events affecting the Common Stock. Subject to limited exceptions, a holder of the
NPA Warrants will not have the right to exercise any portion of its NPA Warrant if the holder (together with such holders
affiliates, and any persons acting as a group together with such holder or any of such holders affiliates) would beneficially
own a number of shares of Common Stock in excess of 4.99% of the shares of Common Stock then outstanding. At the holders
option, upon notice to the Company, the holder may increase or decrease this beneficial ownership limitation not to exceed 9.99%
of the shares of Common Stock then outstanding, with any such increase becoming effective upon 61 days prior notice to
the Company.

The
foregoing summary of the NPA Amendment and the NPA Warrants are qualified in their entirety by the full text of the NPA Amendment
and the Form of NPA Warrant attached as Exhibit 10.3 and Exhibit 4.1, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K, which
are incorporated by reference herein.

Consent,
Waiver and Sixth Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement

On
April 11, 2025, the Company entered into the Consent, Waiver and Sixth Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement (the SVB
Amendment), by and among the Company, certain of its domestic subsidiaries party thereto, as co-borrowers (together with
the Company, the Borrowers), and Silicon Valley Bank, a division of First-Citizens Bank & Trust Company (SVB),
as lender, which modifies that certain Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2022, by and among the Borrowers
and SVB (as amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Loan Agreement).

Among
other things, the SVB Amendment provides for (a) certain waivers in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated
by the Securities Purchase Agreements, (b) the reduction of the revolving line of credit from $60.0 million to $35.0 million,
and (c) amendments to certain of the covenants under the Loan Agreement.

The
foregoing summary of the SVB Amendment is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the SVB Amendment attached as Exhibit
10.4 to this Current Report on Form 8-K, which is incorporated by reference herein.

Item
3.02 Unregistered Sale of Equity Securities

The
information set forth under Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K relating to the Securities Purchase Agreements is incorporated
herein by reference.

Item
5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws

Prior
to the consummation of the Preferred Financing, on April 11, 2025, the holders of 70% of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock
approved an amendment to the Certificate of Designation to increase the number of authorized shares of Series A Preferred Stock
from 43.30 million to 61.28 million, consented to the transactions contemplated by the Securities Purchase Agreements and approved
matters related to the Preferred Financing and the issuance of the Warrants that were subject to certain provisions in the Certificate
of Designation. After obtaining such approval, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Designation
to increase the number of authorized shares of Series A Preferred Stock from 43.3 million to 61.28 million.

The
foregoing summary of the Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Designation is subject to the full terms of the Certificate
of Amendment to the Certificate of Designation, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 3.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and
is incorporated by reference herein.

Item
5.07 Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders

The
information set forth under Item 1.01 and 5.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K relating to the Securities Purchase Agreements
and the Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Designation is incorporated herein by reference.

Item
7.01 Regulation FD

On
April 11, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the closing of the Preferred Financing the NPA Amendment, and the
receipt of $7.5 million related to the second portion of key money under the license agreement dated August 13, 2024 with Marriott
International, Inc. and Global Hospitality Licensing S.A.R.L. (collectively, Marriott and the receipt of money the
Marriott Funding). A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated into this
Item 7.01 by reference.

The
information in this Item 7.01 (including Exhibit 99.1) shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of
that section, and is not incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act.

Item
8.01 Other Events

On
April 11, 2025, the Company received the Marriott Funding.

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

(d)
Exhibits

Exhibit

No. Description

3.1 Certificate
of Amendment to Certificate of Designation of Powers, Preferences and Rights of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of Sonder
Holdings Inc.

4.1* Form
of Common Stock Purchase Warrant

10.1* Form
of Securities Purchase Agreement

10.2 Form
of Voting Support Agreement

10.3 Waiver,
Consent and Sixth Amendment to Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 11, 2025, by and among Sonder Holdings Inc., its
subsidiaries party thereto, the investors party thereto and Alter Domus (US) LLC

10.4* Waiver,
Consent and Sixth Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of April 11, 2025, by and among Sonder Holdings Inc.,
its subsidiaries party thereto and Silicon Valley Bank, a division of First-Citizens Bank & Trust Company

99.1 Press release dated April 14, 2025

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

* Certain portions of this exhibit have been omitted in
accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601. The Company agrees to furnish an unredacted copy of the exhibit to the SEC upon request.

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

Sonder
Holdings Inc.

Date:
April 14, 2025 By: /s/
Michael Hughes

Name: Michael
Hughes

Title: Chief
Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>g084774_ex3-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3-1
<TEXT>
Exhibit
3.1

CERTIFICATE
OF AMENDMENT

TO

CERTIFICATE
OF DESIGNATION

OF

POWERS,
PREFERENCES AND RIGHTS

OF

SERIES
A CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK

OF

SONDER
HOLDINGS INC.

Sonder
Holdings Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Company),
does hereby certify as follows:

FIRST:
The name of the Company is Sonder Holdings Inc. The Certificate of Designation of Powers, Preferences and Rights of Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock of the Company (the Certificate of Designation) was filed with the Secretary of State
of the State of Delaware on August 13, 2024.

SECOND:
Pursuant to Section 242 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL), this Certificate of Amendment
to the Certificate of Designation hereby amends and restates Section 1 of the Certificate of Designation to read in its entirety
as follows:

Section
1. Designation of Name and Amount. This series of Preferred Stock is designated the Series A Convertible Preferred
Stock (the Series A Preferred Stock). The number of shares constituting the Series A Preferred
Stock is 61,280,000. 

THIRD:
This Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Designation has been duly adopted in accordance with Section 242 of the DGCL.

FOURTH:
This Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Designation was approved by the holders of the requisite number of shares
of the Company in accordance with the Certificate of Designation and Section 228 of the DGCL.

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Designation to be signed
this 11th day of April, 2025.

SONDER HOLDINGS INC.

/s/ Francis Davidson

By: Francis Davidson

Title: Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>g084774_ex4-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4-1
<TEXT>
Exhibit
4.1

NEITHER
THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THIS WARRANT NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS WARRANT IS EXERCISABLE FOR OR CONVERTIBLE INTO HAVE BEEN
REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED
FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE ACT), OR PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE ACT. THE NUMBER OF SHARES
OF COMMON STOCK ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS WARRANT MAY BE LESS THAN THE AMOUNTS SET FORTH ON THE FACE HEREOF PURSUANT TO SECTION
2 OF THIS WARRANT.

COMMON
STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

SONDER
HOLDINGS INC. 

Warrant
Shares: [] Expiration Date: April 11, 2030

THIS
COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, [] or its assigns (the
Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter
set forth, at any time on or after the date the date the Company obtains Stockholder Approval (as defined below) (the Initial
Exercise Date) and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on April 11, 2030 (the Termination Date)
but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Sonder Holdings Inc, a Delaware corporation (the Company),
up to [] shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares) of Common Stock. The purchase
price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section
1. Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant, the following terms have the meanings
indicated in this Section 1:

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common
control with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed
to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential
employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of
any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks
in The City of New York generally are open for use by customers on such day.

1

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.001 per share, and any other class of securities into which
such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to
acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument
that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive,
Common Stock.

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Market
Price means, with respect to any security, as of a particular date (the Valuation Date), the following:
(i) if such security is then quoted on The NASDAQ Global Select Market (the NASDAQGSM), The New York Stock
Exchange (NYSE), The NASDAQ Global Market (the NASDAQGM), Pink OTC Markets (the OTC)
or any similar exchange, quotation system or association (each, a Trading Market), the arithmetic average
of the daily volume weighted average prices, as reported by Bloomberg Financial L.P. (or a comparable service if unavailable),
of one share of such security on the principal Trading Market for the period of five trading days consisting of the trading day
immediately prior to the Valuation Date and the four trading days immediately prior to such date or (ii) in all other cases, the
fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Company,
the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

NPA
means that certain Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 10, 2021, by and among the Company and the other
persons party thereto, as amended.

NPA
Amendment means that certain limited waiver, consent and amendment agreement dated on or about the date hereof that,
among other things, provides for modification of the notes issued pursuant to the NPA, in exchange for the Company issuing this
Warrant, among others.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Stockholder
Approval means the requisite stockholder approval under Section 5635 of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLCs Listed
Company Manual and the requisite stockholder approval to increase the number of authorized shares of Common Stock, each as contemplated
under the Securities Purchase Agreement, each dated on or about the date hereof and between the Company and the purchaser party
thereto.

2

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company
formed or acquired after the date hereof.

Transfer
Agent means Computershare Trust Company, N.A., the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of
150 Royall Street, Canton, MA 02021, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

Section
2. Exercise.

a) Exercise
of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times
on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed PDF
copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit A (the
Notice of Exercise). Within two Business Days following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder will
deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise, at its option, (i) by wire
transfer of immediately available funds or (ii) by cashless exercise as set forth in Section 2(c); provided, however, in the event
that the Holder has not delivered such aggregate Exercise Price within two Business Days following the date of such exercise as
aforesaid, the Company will not be obligated to deliver such Warrant Shares hereunder until such payment is made. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the
Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, at which time,
the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three (3) trading days of the date on which the
final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of
the total number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares
purchasable hereunder by the number of Warrant Shares equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased in connection
with such partial exercise. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and
the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Business Day of receipt
of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions
of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available
for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

b) Exercise
Price. The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $1.00, subject to adjustment hereunder (the
Exercise Price).

c) Cashless
Exercise. In lieu of paying the aggregate Exercise Price for the Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise
by wire transfer of immediately available funds pursuant to Section 2(a), the Holder may elect to exercise the purchase rights
represented by this Warrant by authorizing the Company to withhold and not issue to the Holder, in payment of the Exercise Price
thereof, a number of such Warrant Shares equal to the quotient of (i) the product of (A) number of Warrant Shares for which the
Warrant is being exercised, multiplied by (B) the Exercise Price, divided by (ii) the Market Price on the Exercise Date (and such
withheld Warrant Shares will no longer be issuable under the Warrant, and the Holder will not have any rights or be entitled to
any payment with respect to such withheld Warrant Shares).

3

d) Mechanics
of Exercise. 

i. Delivery
of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased
hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account
of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust
Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC)
if the Company is then a participant in such system and either (A) there is an effective
registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of
the Warrant Shares by Holder or (B) this Warrant is being exercised via cashless exercise,
and otherwise by book-entry of the Warrant Shares, registered in the Companys
share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares
set forth in the Notice of Exercise to the address specified by the Holder in such Notice
of Exercise promptly, in no event later than two Business Days after delivery of the
applicable Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date).
Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate
purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which
this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant
Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case
of a cashless exercise) is received within two Business Days following delivery of the
Notice of Exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant
in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable.

ii. Delivery
of New Warrant Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder
and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant
evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall
in all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii. No
Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise
of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the
Company shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction
multiplied by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

4

e) Holders
Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to
exercise all or any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such
issuance upon exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates,
and any other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution
Parties)), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes
of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution
Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination
is being made, but shall exclude the number of the Warrant Shares which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining,
nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii)
exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation,
any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein
beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence,
for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act
and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing
to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible
for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e)
applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together
with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion
of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this
Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties)
and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company
shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group
status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a
Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic
or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a
more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding.
Upon the written or oral request of a Holder (which may be via e-mail), the Company shall within one trading day confirm orally
and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares
of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including
this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares
of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% (or, upon election by a
Holder prior to the issuance of any warrants, 9.99%) of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving
effect to the issuance of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase
or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation
in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance
of Warrant Shares upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply.
Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered
to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity
with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with
the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly
give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.
If this Warrant is unexercisable as a result of the Holders Beneficial Ownership Limitation, the Company shall owe no alternate
consideration to the Holder.

5

f) Registration
Rights. The Company agrees that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than thirty (30) calendar days after the Company
has filed its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, it shall use its commercially reasonable
efforts to file with the Commission a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act of the shares of Common
Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant, which may include registering such shares in the registration statement to be filed
with the Commission by the Company to register shares of Common Stock acquired pursuant to transactions exempt from registration
under the Securities Act. The Company shall use its best efforts to cause the same to become effective and to maintain the effectiveness
of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of this Warrant in accordance
with the provisions of this Agreement.

Section
3. Certain Adjustments.

a) Stock
Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise
makes a distribution or distributions on shares of Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in
shares of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any Warrant Shares issued by the Company upon exercise
of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including
by way of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification
of shares of Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied
by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding
immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately
after such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that
the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant remains unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become
effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution
and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or reclassification.

6

b) Dividends.
If the Company, at any time while the Warrant is outstanding and unexpired, shall pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash,
securities or other assets to the holders of the shares of Common Stock on account of such shares of Common Stock (or other shares
of the Companys capital stock into which the Warrant is convertible), other than (a) as described in Section 3(a) above
or (b) in connection with any distribution of its assets upon its liquidation (any such non-excluded event being referred to herein
as an Extraordinary Dividend), then each Holder shall have the right to receive, upon exercise of the Warrant,
the same amount and kind of cash, securities or other assets as it would have been entitled to receive upon the occurrence of
such Extraordinary Dividend if it had been, immediately prior to such Extraordinary Dividend, the holder of the number of share
of Common Stock then issuable upon exercise in full of this Warrant.

7

c) Fundamental
Transaction. In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (other than a change
under Section 3(a) or Section 3(b) hereof or that solely affects the par value of such shares of Common Stock), or in the case
of any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger in which
the Company is the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding
shares of Common Stock), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property
of the Company as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which the Company is dissolved, the Holder shall
thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in this Warrant
and in lieu of the shares of Common Stock of the Company immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise
of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of shares of stock or other securities or property (including cash) receivable
upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer,
that the Holder would have received if the Holder had exercised this Warrant immediately prior to such event (the Alternative
Issuance); provided, however, that (i) if the holders of the shares of Common Stock were entitled to exercise a right
of election as to the kind or amount of securities, cash or other assets receivable upon such consolidation or merger, then the
kind and amount of securities, cash or other assets constituting the Alternative Issuance for which the Warrant shall become exercisable
shall be deemed to be the weighted average of the kind and amount received per share by the holders of the shares of Common Stock
in such consolidation or merger that affirmatively make such election, and (ii) if a tender, exchange or redemption offer shall
have been made to and accepted by the holders of the shares of Common Stock under circumstances in which, upon completion of such
tender or exchange offer, the maker thereof, together with members of any group (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under
the Exchange Act (or any successor rule)) of which such maker is a part, and together with any affiliate or associate of such
maker (within the meaning of Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act (or any successor rule)) and any members of any such group of which
any such affiliate or associate is a part, own beneficially (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act (or any successor
rule)) more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, the Holder shall be entitled to receive as the Alternative Issuance,
the highest amount of cash, securities or other property to which such holder would actually have been entitled as a stockholder
if the Holder had exercised this Warrant prior to the expiration of such tender or exchange offer, accepted such offer and all
of the shares of Common Stock held by such holder had been purchased pursuant to such tender or exchange offer, subject to adjustments
(from and after the consummation of such tender or exchange offer) as nearly equivalent as possible to the adjustments provided
for in this Section 3; provided, further, that if less than 70% of the consideration receivable by the holders of the shares of
Common Stock in the applicable event is payable in the form of common stock in the successor entity that is listed for trading
on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading or
quoted immediately following such event, and if the Holder properly exercises the Warrant within thirty (30) days following the
public disclosure of the consummation of such applicable event by the Company pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with
the Commission, the Exercise Price shall be reduced by an amount (in dollars) equal to the difference of (i) the Exercise Price
in effect prior to such reduction minus (ii) (A) the Per Share Consideration (as defined below) (but in no event less than zero)
minus (B) the Black-Scholes Warrant Value (as defined below). The Black-Scholes Warrant Value means the value
of the Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of the applicable event based on the Black-Scholes Warrant Model for a Capped
American Call on Bloomberg. For purposes of calculating such amount, (1) the price of each share of Common Stock shall be the
volume weighted average price of the Common Stock as reported during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading day
prior to the effective date of the applicable event, (2) the assumed volatility shall be the ninety (90) day volatility obtained
from the HVT function on Bloomberg determined as of the trading day immediately prior to the day of the announcement of the applicable
event, and (3) the assumed risk-free interest rate shall correspond to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal to the remaining
term of the Warrant. Per Share Consideration means (i) if the consideration paid to holders of the shares
of Common Stock consists exclusively of cash, the amount of such cash per share of Common Stock, and (ii) in all other cases,
the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock as reported during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading
day prior to the effective date of the applicable event. The provisions of this Section 3(c) shall similarly apply to successive
reclassifications, reorganizations, mergers or consolidations, sales or other transfers. In no event will the Exercise Price be
reduced to less than the par value per share issuable upon exercise of the Warrant.

d) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be.
For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall
be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

8

e) Adjustment
to Exercise Price. Whenever the number of shares of Common Stock purchasable upon the exercise of the Warrants is adjusted,
the Exercise Price shall be adjusted (to the nearest cent) by multiplying such Exercise Price immediately prior to such adjustment
by a fraction (x) the numerator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock purchasable upon the exercise of the Warrants
immediately prior to such adjustment, and (y) the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock so purchasable
immediately thereafter.

f) Other
Events. In case any event shall occur affecting the Company as to which none of the provisions of the preceding subsections
of this Section 3 are strictly applicable, but which would require an adjustment to the terms of the Warrants in order to (i)
avoid an adverse impact on the Warrants and (ii) effectuate the intent and purpose of this Section 3, then, in each such case,
the Company shall appoint a firm of independent public accountants, investment banking or other appraisal firm of recognized national
standing, which shall give its opinion as to whether or not any adjustment to the rights represented by the Warrants is necessary
to effectuate the intent and purpose of this Section 3 and, if they determine that an adjustment is necessary, the terms of such
adjustment. The Company shall adjust the terms of the Warrants in a manner that is consistent with any adjustment recommended
in such opinion. For the avoidance of doubt, any expenses incurred in connection with this subsection 3(f) shall be borne solely
by the Company.

Section
4. Transfer of Warrant.

a) Transferability.
This Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in
part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment
of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney
and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer; provided, however, that in the event
that this Warrant surrendered for transfer bears a restrictive legend, the Company shall not cancel this Warrant and issue new
Warrants in exchange therefor until the Company, based on the advice of counsel, determines that such transfer may be made in
compliance with applicable laws. Unless otherwise determined by the Company, based on the advice of counsel, such new Warrants
shall bear the same restrictive legends as were on the surrendered Warrants. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment,
the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in
the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing
the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to
the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned
this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) trading days of the
date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned
in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.
No service charge shall be made for any exchange or registration of transfer of Warrants.

9

b) New
Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of
the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed
by the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such
division or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants
to be divided or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial
issuance date of this Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant
thereto.

c) Warrant
Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant
Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered
Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder,
and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

Section
5. Miscellaneous.

a) No
Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights,
dividends or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2, except as expressly
set forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise
pursuant to Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(a) herein, in no event shall the Company be required
to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

b) Loss,
Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant
Shares, and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case
of the Warrant, shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate,
if mutilated, the Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation,
in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

c) Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required
or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding
Business Day.

d) Authorized
Shares.

The
Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding and exercisable, it will reserve from its authorized and
unissued shares of Common Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise
of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full
authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase
rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares
may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading
Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise
of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and
payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free
from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer
occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

10

Except
and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation,
amending its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution,
issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the
terms of this Warrant, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all
such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any shares of Common Stock
above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action
as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable shares
of Common Stock upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations,
exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company
to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before
taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or
in the Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be
necessary from any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e) Governing
Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be governed
by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles
of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense
of the transactions contemplated by this Warrant (whether brought against a party hereto or their respective affiliates, directors,
officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts
sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal
courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith
or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any
suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit,
action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal
service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered
or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under
this Warrant and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing
contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If either
party shall commence an action, suit, or proceeding to enforce any provision of this Warrant, the prevailing party in such action,
suit or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for their reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses
incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

11

f) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and the Holder
does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g) Nonwaiver
and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate
as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies.

h) Notices.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder including, without limitation,
any Notice of Exercise, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight
courier service, addressed to the Company, at 447 Sutter St., Suite 405 #542, San Francisco, California, Attention: Vanessa Barmack,
Email: [***]@sonder.com, or such other email address or address as the Company may specify for such purposes by notice
to the Holders. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in
writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder
at the e-mail address or address of such Holder appearing on the books of the Company. Any notice or other communication or deliveries
hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication
is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (ii)
the next trading day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address
set forth in this Section on a day that is not a trading day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any trading day,
(iii) the second trading day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, or
(iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder
constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously
file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.

12

i) Limitation
of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase
Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder
for the purchase price of any share of Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by
the Company or by creditors of the Company.

j) Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled
to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation
for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert
the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k) Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure
to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns
of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and
shall be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l) Amendment.
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company, on the one hand,
and the Holder or the beneficial owner of this Warrant, on the other hand.

m) Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable
law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective
to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions
of this Warrant.

n) Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of
this Warrant.

********************

(Signature
Page Follows)

13

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first
above indicated.

SONDER HOLDINGS INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

14

EXHIBIT
A

NOTICE
OF EXERCISE

To: sonder
HOLDINGS INC.

(1) The
undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only
if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes,
if any.

(2) Payment
shall take the form of (check applicable box):

[ ] in lawful money of the United States; or

[ ] if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in
subsection 2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless
exercise procedure set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3) Please
issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The
Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing
Entity: 

Signature of Authorized
Signatory of Investing Entity: 

Name of Authorized
Signatory: 

Title of Authorized
Signatory: 

Date: 

EXHIBIT
B

ASSIGNMENT
FORM

(To
assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please
Print)

Address: 

(Please
Print)

Phone
Number: 

Email
Address: 

Dated:
_______________ __, ______ 

Holders
Signature: _______________________________________ 

Holders
Address: ________________________________________
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>g084774_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10-1
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

FORM
OF SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This
SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is entered into as of April 11, 2025, by and
between Sonder Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation with its principal offices at 447 Sutter St., Suite 405 #542, San Francisco,
California (the Company), and the purchasers whose names and addresses are set forth on the signature
pages hereof (individually referred to as a Purchaser and, collectively, the Purchasers).

WHEREAS,
the Companys amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of 250,000,000 shares of preferred
stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Preferred Stock);

WHEREAS,
the Company previously created a series of Preferred Stock, designated as the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value
$0.0001 per share (the Preferred Shares), having the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions
set forth in the Certificate of Designation filed with the Secretary of State of the state of Delaware (the Certificate
of Designation), which Preferred Shares are convertible into shares (the Conversion Shares)
of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (the Common Stock), by filing such Certificate
of Designation with the office of the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on the date hereof;

WHEREAS,
subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Company desires to issue and sell to the Purchasers, severally
and not jointly, and the Purchasers desire to purchase from the Company, an aggregate of 17,980,000 Preferred Shares;

WHEREAS,
concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, the Company and certain stockholders of the Company have entered into a Voting
Support Agreement (as may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified, the Voting Agreement) which,
among other things, provides for the agreement by such stockholders to vote their capital stock of the Company to adopt and approve
the Stockholder Approval (as defined herein);

WHEREAS,
concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, the Company and certain noteholders of the Company (the Noteholders)
have entered into a limited waiver, consent and amendment agreement (the NPA Waiver) which, among
other things, provides for modification of the notes issued pursuant to the Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement, dated as of December
10, 2021, as amended (the NPA), in exchange for warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 5,000,000
shares of Common Stock at a price of $1.00 per share (the Warrants); and

WHEARAS,
the Company previously entered into a license agreement on August 13, 2024 with Marriott International, Inc. and Global Hospitality
Licensing S.A.R.L (collectively, Marriott) (the License Agreement).

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants, representations, warranties and agreements contained in this Agreement,
the Company and the Purchasers agree as follows:

1.

PURCHASE AND SALE

1.1 Purchase
and Sale. On the date hereof (the Closing Date), the Company agrees to sell to each Purchaser,
and each Purchaser hereby agrees, severally and not jointly, to purchase from the Company, upon the terms and conditions hereinafter
set forth, the number of Preferred Shares set forth on such Purchasers signature page hereto. The purchase price for each
Preferred Share shall be $1.00 and the aggregate purchase price paid by the Purchasers for the Preferred Shares pursuant to this
Agreement is referred to as the Purchase Price. The purchase and sale of the Preferred Shares pursuant
to this Section 1.1 is referred to as the Purchase.

2.

CLOSING

2.1 Closing.

2.1.1 Subject
to and upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the closing shall take place remotely via the exchange of executed
documents and funds at 10:00 a.m. (Eastern Time) on the Closing Date or at such other time, date and location as the parties shall
mutually agree (the Closing).

2.2 Company
Closing Deliverables. At Closing, the Company shall deliver to each Purchaser (or to its designated representative) the following:

2.2.1.
a written notice or record of book-entry registration evidencing the registration under such Purchasers name of the number
of Purchased Shares registered in the name of each Purchaser, or in such nominee name(s) as designated in writing and delivered
to the Company prior to the Closing, representing the number of Preferred Shares set forth on the signature page hereto and bearing
the legend specified in Section 4.8 referring to the fact that the Preferred Shares were sold in reliance upon the exemption
from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), provided by Section
4(a)(2) thereof and Rule 506(b) thereunder and are subject to the restrictions in Section 4.9 hereof;

2.2.2.
a legal opinion of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati LLP, counsel for the Company, dated as of the Closing Date, in a form
reasonably satisfactory to the Purchasers;

2.2.3.
a certificate, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Purchasers, of the Secretary of the Company (the Secretarys
Certificate), dated as of the Closing Date, (a) certifying the resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors of
the Company (the Board) or a duly authorized committee thereof approving the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and the issuance of the Preferred Shares and the Conversion Shares, (b) certifying the current versions of the
certificate of incorporation, as amended, and bylaws of the Company and (c) certifying as to the signatures and authority of persons
signing this Agreement and related documents on behalf of the Company;

2.2.4.
a certificate, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Purchasers, of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company
(the Officers Certificate), dated as of the Closing Date, (a) certifying that the Company has
received aggregate commitments of $17.98 million for the purchase of 17,980,000 Preferred Shares, and (b) certifying that the
Company has satisfied all conditions precedent to Marriotts obligation to fund the Second Portion of Key Money (as defined
in the License Agreement) and, in which case, the Company can be reasonably certain that the Second Portion of Key Money will
be paid substantially concurrently with the Closing Date;

2

2.2.5.
a certified copy of the Certificate of Designation, as filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware; and

2.2.6.
the Company shall have entered into the NPA Waiver.

2.3 Payment
for the Preferred Shares. At Closing, each Purchaser shall pay the purchase price for the number of Preferred Shares set forth
on the signature page hereto to the Company by wire transfer in immediately available U.S. federal funds to the account designated
in writing by the Company to each Purchaser on the Closing Date.

3.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

Except
as otherwise described in the confidential disclosure schedules delivered by the Company to the Purchasers prior to the execution
of this Agreement (the Disclosure Schedules) (provided, that disclosure in any subparagraph
of such Disclosure Schedules shall apply to any section or subparagraph hereof to the extent it is reasonably apparent on its
face that such disclosure would apply to, and fulfill the disclosure requirement of, such section or subparagraph of this Agreement),
each which qualify the following representations and warranties in their entirety, the Company hereby represents and warrants
to the Purchasers, effective as of the date hereof, as follows:

3.1 Good
Standing of the Company. The Company has been duly incorporated and is validly existing and in good standing under the laws
of the State of Delaware, with power and authority to own its properties and conduct its business as now conducted, and the Company
is duly licensed or qualified to do business as a foreign corporation in good standing in all other jurisdictions in which its
ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except, in the case of such license
or qualification, as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect (as
defined below). As used herein, Material Adverse Effect means any effect, change, event, circumstance
or development (Effect), individually or together with any other Effect, that has had, has, or would
reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, assets, liabilities or results
of operations of the Company or its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; provided, however, that Effects arising or resulting from
the following shall not be taken into account in determining whether there has been a Material Adverse Effect: (a) the announcement
or disclosure of the sale of the Securities or other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (b) the taking of any action,
or the failure to take any action, by the Company that is required to comply with the terms of this Agreement, (c) any natural
disaster or epidemics, pandemics or other force majeure events, or any act or threat of terrorism or war, any armed hostilities
or terrorist activities (including any escalation or general worsening of any of the foregoing) anywhere in the world or any governmental
or other response or reaction to any of the foregoing, (d) any change in U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP)
or applicable Law or the interpretation thereof, (e) general economic or political conditions or conditions generally affecting
the industries in which the Company and its subsidiaries operate or (f) any change in the cash position of the Company and its
subsidiaries which results from operations in the ordinary course of business; except in each case with respect to clauses (c),
(d) and (e), to the extent disproportionately affecting the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, relative to other
similarly situated companies in the industries in which the Company and its subsidiaries operate.

3

3.2 Subsidiaries.
As of the date hereof, the Company expects to list the subsidiaries of the Company listed in Schedule 3.2 of the Disclosure
Schedules under the heading Exhibit 21.1Significant Subsidiaries, in Exhibit 21.1 to the Companys
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 to be filed after the date hereof (the 2023
10-K) (each a Subsidiary and collectively, the Subsidiaries).
Each Subsidiary has been duly incorporated, organized or formed, as applicable, and is validly existing and in good standing under
the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation, organization, or formation, as applicable, with power and authority (corporate,
limited liability company or other power, as applicable) to own its properties and conduct its business as now conducted, and
each Subsidiary of the Company is duly qualified to do business as a foreign corporation or limited liability company in good
standing in all other jurisdictions in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification,
except, in the case of such license or qualification, as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to
result in a Material Adverse Effect. All of the issued and outstanding equity interests of each Subsidiary of the Company has
been duly authorized and validly issued and is fully paid and nonassessable (to the extent applicable) and the equity interests
of each Subsidiary are owned by the Company, directly or through Subsidiaries, free from liens, encumbrances and defects.

3.3 Authorized
Capital Stock. The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of (a) 22,000,000 shares of general common stock, including
(i) 20,000,000 shares of Common Stock and (ii) 2,000,000 special voting common stock, par value $0.001 per share, and (b) 250,000,000
shares of Preferred Stock. The issued and outstanding capital stock of the Company as of the close of business on February 28,
2025 (the Capitalization Date) is set forth on Schedule 3.3. All of the issued and outstanding
shares of the Companys Common Stock have been duly authorized, validly issued and are fully paid and nonassessable, were
issued in compliance with all applicable federal and state securities laws, and were not issued in violation of or subject to
any preemptive rights or other rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. The rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions
of the Preferred Shares will be as set forth in the Certificate of Designation, as amended by the Amendment to the Certificate
of Designation (the Amendment to the Certificate of Designation) attached hereto as Exhibit A.
A number of shares of Common Stock equal to 19.9% of the outstanding shares Common Stock on the date hereof have been duly and
validly reserved for issuance in respect of the Conversion Shares that may be converted up to the Issuance Limitation (as defined
below). Except for the Warrants and as set forth on Schedule 3.3, as of the Capitalization Date, the Company does not have
outstanding any options to purchase, or any right of first refusal or preemptive rights or other rights to subscribe for or to
purchase, any securities or obligations convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for, or any contracts or commitments to
issue or sell, shares of its capital stock, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
Except as set forth on Schedule 3.3 or for customary adjustments as a result of stock dividends, stock splits, combinations
of shares, reorganizations, recapitalizations, reclassifications or other similar events, there are no anti-dilution or price
adjustment provisions contained in any security issued by the Company (or in any agreement providing rights to security holders)
and the issuance and sale of the Preferred Shares pursuant to this Agreement will not give rise to any preemptive rights or rights
of first refusal, co-sale rights or any other similar rights on behalf of any person or result in the triggering of any anti-dilution
or other similar rights.

4

3.4 Issuance,
Sale and Delivery of Shares. When issued and delivered in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the Certificate of
Designation and the Amendment to the Certificate of Designation, the Preferred Shares and the Conversion Shares will be duly authorized,
validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, and free and clear of all liens, charges or encumbrances. Subject to the Nasdaq
Issuance Limitation and the Stockholder Approval (each defined in Section 4.9), no further approval or authority of the
stockholders or the Board will be required for the issuance and sale of the Preferred Shares to be sold by the Company as contemplated
herein or for the issuance of the Conversion Shares as contemplated by the Preferred Shares.

3.5 Due
Execution, Delivery and Performance. The Company has full corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and perform
the transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company. The making
and performance of the Agreement by the Company and the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein will not (a) result
in the creation of any liens, charges or encumbrances upon any assets of the Company pursuant to the terms or provisions of, or
(b) result in a breach or violation of, or constitute, either by itself or upon notice or the passage of time or both, a default
under (i) any agreement, mortgage, deed of trust, lease, franchise, license, indenture, permit or other instrument to which the
Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which the Company or its properties, or any Subsidiary or such Subsidiarys properties,
may be bound or affected and in each case which would have a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) assuming Stockholder Approval and the
amendment to the Certificate of Designations, any provision of the certificate of incorporation, by-laws or other organizational
documents of the Company, or (iii) any statute or any authorization, judgment, decree, order, rule or regulation of any court
or any regulatory body, administrative agency or other governmental body applicable to the Company or any Subsidiary or any of
their respective properties. No consent, approval, authorization or other order of any court, regulatory body, administrative
agency or other governmental body is required for the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, except for the filing of a Form D with the SEC, the filing of the amendment to the Registration
Statement and compliance with the applicable federal and state securities laws with respect to post-Closing obligations. Upon
its execution and delivery, and assuming the valid execution thereof by the respective Purchasers, this will constitute the valid
and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors and contracting parties rights
generally and except as enforceability may be subject to general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability
is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).

3.6 Other
Offerings. The Company has not sold, issued or distributed any security, under circumstances that would cause the offering
of Preferred Shares contemplated by this Agreement to be (i) integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of the
Securities Act or (ii) aggregated with prior offerings by the Company for the purposes of the rules and regulations of The Nasdaq
Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq).

5

3.7 Listing.
The Companys Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act), and the Companys outstanding shares of Common Stock are listed on Nasdaq. The SEC has not issued any
stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under
the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

3.8 Absence
of Further Requirements. No consent, approval, authorization, or order of, or filing or registration with, any person (including
any governmental agency or body or any court) is required to be obtained or made by the Company for the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement in connection with the sale of the Preferred Shares, except (i) such as have been obtained or made,
including filing of the Amendment to the Certificate of Designation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, (ii)
where the failure of the Company to obtain or make any such consent, approval, authorization, order, filing or registration would
not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (iii) such as may be required under state securities law following
the Closing, which will be obtained or made by the Company after the Closing within the required time frame in accordance with
the applicable state securities law.

3.9 Title
to Property. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.9, the Company and its Subsidiaries have good and marketable title to
all material property and assets owned by them, in each case free from liens, charges, encumbrances and defects (other than liens
for taxes not yet delinquent) that would materially affect the value thereof or materially interfere with the current use made
by them and the Company and its Subsidiaries hold any leased real or personal property under valid and enforceable leases with
no terms or provisions that would materially interfere with the current use made by them.

3.10 Absence
of Defaults and Conflicts Resulting from Transaction. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.10, none of the execution,
delivery and performance of this Agreement, nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby will result in a breach
or violation of any of the terms and provisions of, or constitute a default under, or result in the imposition of any lien, charge
or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to, (i) the charter, certificate
of formation, operating agreement or bylaws (or similar organizational documents) of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii)
any statute, rule, regulation or order of any governmental agency or body or any court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction
over the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their properties or (iii) any agreement or instrument to which the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is bound or, to the knowledge of an executive
officer of the Company, to which any of the properties of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is subject, except, in the case
of clauses (ii) and (iii) as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

3.11 Contracts.
All agreements required to be filed as exhibits to any report, schedule, form, statement or other document (including exhibits)
filed with or furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) by the Company (the
SEC Documents) under Item 601 of Regulation S-K (collectively, the Material Agreements)
to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party, or the property or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary are subject, have
been filed as exhibits to one or more of the SEC Documents or will be filed as exhibits to the Companys Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, as applicable. All Material Agreements, other than those agreements that are substantially
performed or expired by their terms, are valid and enforceable against the Company or one of its Subsidiaries, as the case may
be, in accordance with their respective terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors and contracting parties rights generally and except as enforceability
may be subject to general principles of equity and except as rights to indemnity and contribution may be limited by state or federal
securities laws or public policy underlying such laws. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.11, neither the Company nor any
of its Subsidiaries is in material breach of or default under any of the Material Agreements, and to the Companys knowledge
(which, as used herein, in each instance shall mean the actual knowledge of the Companys Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer after due inquiry), no other party to a Material Agreement is in breach of or default under such Material Agreement,
except in each case, for such breaches or defaults as would not have or reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the
aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received a notice of termination nor
is the Company otherwise aware of any threats to terminate any of the Material Agreements.

6

3.12 Transactions
with Affiliates. Except as contemplated by this Agreement, none of the officers or directors of the Company or the stockholders
of the Company (other than the Purchasers) who are affiliates (as defined under Rule 405 of the Securities Act) of the Company
(Affiliated Stockholders), nor any of their affiliates, is presently a party to any transaction with
the Company or any Subsidiary (other than as holders of stock options, restricted shares or stock units, and/or warrants, and
for services as officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of
services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, or otherwise requiring payments to or from any
officer, director, Affiliated Stockholder or any of their affiliates or, to the Companys knowledge, any entity in which
any officer, director, Affiliated Stockholder or such affiliate has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee
or partner.

3.13 Possession
of Licenses and Permits. The Company and its Subsidiaries possess, and are in compliance with the terms of, all certificates,
authorizations, franchises, licenses, permits, approvals, consents, orders, certifications, accreditations and other authorizations
(collectively, Licenses), issued by the appropriate federal, state or local agencies or bodies necessary
or material to the conduct of the business now conducted, except where the failure to have obtained the same would not reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and have not received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification
of any Licenses that, if determined adversely to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, would individually or in the aggregate
have, a Material Adverse Effect.

3.14 Absence
of Labor Dispute Employee Relations. No labor dispute with the employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries exists
or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent that would have a Material Adverse Effect. To the Companys knowledge,
no executive officer of the Company, as a consequence of his or her employment by the Company is, or is now expected to be, in
violation of any material term of any agreement, covenant or contract (including any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure
or proprietary information agreement, non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant
with any previous employer), and the continued employment of each such executive officer by the Company will not subject the Company
to any liability with respect to any of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all U.S.
federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of
employment and wages and hours, except where the failure to be in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

7

3.15 Possession
of Intellectual Property. The Company and its Subsidiaries own, possess the right to use or can acquire on reasonable terms,
adequate trademarks, trade names and other rights to inventions, know-how, patents, copyrights, confidential information and other
intellectual property (collectively, intellectual property rights) necessary to conduct the business
now operated by them, or presently employed by them, and have not received any notice of infringement of or conflict with asserted
rights of others with respect to any intellectual property rights that, if determined adversely to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
would individually or in the aggregate have, a Material Adverse Effect.

3.16 Environmental
Compliance.

3.16.1 The
Company and its Subsidiaries conduct in the ordinary course of business a review of the effect of existing Environmental Laws
and claims alleging potential liability or responsibility for violation of any Environmental Law on their respective businesses,
operations and properties, and as a result thereof the Company has reasonably concluded that such Environmental Laws and claims
could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Environmental
Laws means any and all federal, state, local, and foreign statutes, laws, regulations, ordinances, rules, judgments,
orders, decrees, permits, concessions, grants, franchises, licenses, agreements or governmental restrictions relating to pollution
and the protection of the environment or the release of any materials into the environment, including those related to hazardous
substances or wastes, air emissions and discharges to waste or public systems.

3.16.2 Neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is undertaking, and has not completed, either individually or together with other potentially
responsible parties, any investigation or assessment or remedial or response action relating to any actual or threatened release,
discharge or disposal of Hazardous Materials at any site, location or operation, either voluntarily or pursuant to the order of
any Governmental Authority or the requirements of any Environmental Law, except as could not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect and all Hazardous Materials generated, used, treated, handled
or stored at, or transported to or from, any property currently or formerly owned or operated by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
have been disposed of in a manner not reasonably expected to result in material liability to the Company or any of its subsidiaries.
Hazardous Materials means all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic
substances, wastes or other pollutants, including petroleum or petroleum distillates, natural gas, natural gas liquids, asbestos
or asbestos-containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, toxic mold, infectious or medical wastes and all other
substances, wastes, chemicals, pollutants, contaminants or compounds of any nature in any form regulated pursuant to any Environmental
Law. Governmental Authority means the government of the United States or any other nation, or of any
political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central
bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of
or pertaining to government (including, without limitation, any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European
Central Bank).

8

3.17 Absence
of Manipulation. The Company has not taken, directly or indirectly, any action that is designed to or that has constituted
or that would reasonably be expected to cause or result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the
Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Preferred Shares or the Conversion Shares.

3.18 Internal
Controls and Compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Except as described in the SEC Documents or set forth on Schedule
3.18, the Company, its Subsidiaries and the Board are in compliance with all applicable requirements of Sarbanes-Oxley and
all applicable rules of Nasdaq. The Company maintains a system of internal controls, including, but not limited to, disclosure
controls and procedures, internal controls over accounting matters and financial reporting, an internal audit function and legal
and regulatory compliance controls (collectively, Internal Controls) that comply with applicable securities
laws and are sufficient to provide reasonable assurances that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements
general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements
in conformity with GAAP and to maintain accountability for assets, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with
managements general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing
assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. The Internal Controls are overseen
by the Audit Committee of the Board in accordance with the rules of the Nasdaq. Except as described in the SEC Documents or as
set forth on Schedule 3.18, the Company has not publicly disclosed or reported to the Audit Committee or its Board (x)
a significant deficiency, material weakness, change in Internal Controls or fraud involving management or other employees who
have a significant role in Internal Controls, (y) any violation of, or failure to comply with, applicable securities laws, or
(z) any matter which, if determined adversely, would have a Material Adverse Effect.

3.19 Litigation.
Except as described in the SEC Documents or set forth on Schedule 3.19, there are no pending actions, suits or proceedings
(including any inquiries or investigations by any court or governmental agency or body, domestic or foreign) against or affecting
the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective properties that, if determined adversely to the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries, would individually or in the aggregate have a Material Adverse Effect, or would materially and adversely
affect the ability of the Company to perform its obligations under this Agreement and no such actions, suits or proceedings
(including any inquiries or investigations by any court or governmental agency or body, domestic or foreign) are threatened or,
to the Companys knowledge, contemplated.

3.20 Accountants.
Deloitte & Touche LLP, whose report on the consolidated financial statements, including the related notes thereto, of
the Company was included in the 2023 10-K, is (a) an independent registered public accounting firm with respect to the Company
as required by the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, (b) to the Companys knowledge, independent
with respect to the Company within the meaning of Regulation S-X under the Exchange Act and (c) to the Companys knowledge,
in compliance with subsections (g) through (l) of Section 10A of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated by
the SEC and the Public Accounting Oversight Board thereunder.

9

3.21 No
Material Adverse Change in Business. Since February 12, 2025, (i) there has been no, nor would there reasonably be expected
to be, individual or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) there has been no dividend or distribution of any kind
declared, paid or made by the Company on any class of its capital stock, (iii) there has been no material adverse change in the
capital stock, short-term indebtedness, long-term indebtedness, net current assets or net assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries,
(iv) there has been no obligation, direct or contingent, that is material to the Company taken as a whole, incurred by the Company,
except obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business and (v) except as set forth on Schedule 3.21, neither the
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has sustained any material loss or interference with its business from fire, explosion, flood
or other calamity, whether or not covered by insurance, or from any labor disturbance or dispute or any action, order or decree
of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority.

3.22 Compliance.
Neither the Company nor any subsidiary has been advised, and has no reason to believe, that it is not conducting its business
in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations of the jurisdictions in which it is conducting business, including,
without limitation, all applicable local, state and federal environmental laws and regulations; except where failure to be so
in compliance would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

3.23 Investment
Company Act. The Company is not required to register as an investment company as defined in the Investment Company
Act of 1940, as amended.

3.24 Taxes.
The Company and each of its Subsidiaries have filed all federal, state, local and foreign tax returns required to be filed through
the date of this Agreement and have paid all taxes required to be paid (except as currently being contested in good faith and
for which reserves required by GAAP have been created in the financial statements of the Company), and no tax deficiency has been,
or would reasonably be expected to be, asserted against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, except as would not, individually
or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

3.25 Insurance.
The Company and its Subsidiaries are insured by insurers with appropriately rated claims paying abilities against such losses
and risks and in such amounts as are adequate and customary for the businesses in which they are engaged. All policies of insurance
and fidelity or surety bonds insuring the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, assets, employees,
officers and directors are in full force and effect. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with the terms of such
policies and instruments in all material respects, and there are no claims by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries under any
such policy or instrument as to which any insurance company is denying liability or defending under a reservation of rights clause;
neither the Company nor any such Subsidiary has been refused any material insurance coverage sought or applied for; neither the
Company nor any such Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as
and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business
at a cost that would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

10

3.26 SEC
Documents. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.26 (the Late SEC Documents), the Company has
filed all statements, reports, information or forms required to be filed by it with the SEC since December 31, 2020, pursuant
to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act. The SEC Documents complied, and the Late SEC Documents will comply, in all
material respects, with the requirements of the Securities Act or Exchange Act, as applicable, and the rules and regulations of
the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to the SEC Documents and the Late SEC Documents. As of their respective filing dates,
the SEC Documents, taken as a whole, did not contain, and the Late SEC Documents will not contain, any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

3.27 No
General Solicitation Offering Materials. Neither the Company, nor any of its affiliates (as such term is defined in
the Exchange Act), nor any person acting on its behalf, has engaged in any form of general solicitation or general advertising
(within the meaning of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act) in connection with the offer or sale of the Preferred
Shares. The Company has not in the past nor will it hereafter take any action to sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy
any securities of the Company which would bring the offer, issuance or sale of the Preferred Shares, as contemplated by this Agreement,
within the provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act, unless such offer, issuance or sale was or shall be within the exemptions
of Section 4 of the Securities Act.

3.28 Private
Placement. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations in Section 4 hereof, no registration under
the Securities Act is required for the offer and sale of the Preferred Shares by the Company to the Purchasers as contemplated
hereby. The issuance and sale of the Preferred Shares hereunder does not contravene the rules and regulations of Nasdaq.

3.29 Brokers
and Finders. Neither the Company nor any of its affiliates is a party to any agreement, arrangement or understanding with
any person or entity other than as listed on Schedule 3.29, that would give rise to any valid right, interest or claim
against or upon the Purchasers or the Company for any brokerage commission, finders fee or other similar compensation,
as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

3.30 No
Materially More Favorable Terms. The Company has not entered into, and will not enter into, any other agreement or any definitive
transaction document, side letter, undertaking letter, or other similar agreement or instrument with any Purchaser or any other
purchaser of Preferred Shares in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby with terms and conditions that are materially
more favorable than the terms and conditions provided to the Purchasers under this Agreement.

3.31 Anti-Corruption.
Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, employee, affiliate,
agent or representative of the Company or of any of its Subsidiaries or affiliates, or other person associated with or acting
on behalf of the Company, has (A) taken or will take any action in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization
or approval of the payment or giving of money, property, gifts or anything else of value, directly or indirectly, to any government
official (including any officer or employee of a government or government-owned or controlled entity or of a public international
organization, or any person acting in an official capacity for or on behalf of any of the foregoing, or any political party or
party official or candidate for political office) to unlawfully influence official action or secure an unlawful or improper advantage
(B) used any corporate funds for any unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful expense relating to political
activity, (C) made any direct or indirect unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee from corporate
funds, (D) violated or is in violation of applicable anti-corporation laws and anti-bribery laws in any country in which it does
business, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 or (E) made any unlawful bribe, rebate, payoff influence payment,
kickback or other unlawful payment.

11

3.32 Application
of Takeover Protection. Assuming the accuracy of, and compliance with, the Purchasers representations, warranties and
covenants herein, the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby will
not impose any restriction on any Purchaser, or create in any party (including any current stockholder of the Company) any rights,
under any share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement), or other
similar anti-takeover provisions under the Companys amended and restated certificate of incorporation, amended and restated
bylaws or other organizational documents or the laws of its state of incorporation.

3.33 Office
of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, agent, employee
or affiliate of the Company is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of
the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC).

3.34 Bank
Holding Company Act. The Company is not subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA)
or to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve). The
Company does not own or control, directly or indirectly, five percent (5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting
securities or twenty-five (25%) percent or more of the total equity of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to
regulation by the Federal Reserve. The Company does not exercise a controlling influence over the management or policies of a
bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA or to regulation by the Federal Reserve.

3.35 Money
Laundering. The operations of the Company are and have been conducted at all times in material compliance with applicable
financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended,
applicable money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering
Laws), and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any
arbitrator involving the Company with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened.

12

3.36 Financial
Statements.

3.36.1 Except
as described in the SEC Documents or set forth on Schedule 3.36, as of their respective filing dates, the financial statements
(including any related notes) contained or incorporated by reference in the SEC Documents (i) complied as to form in all material
respects with the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and the published rules and regulations of the SEC applicable
thereto, (ii) were prepared in accordance with GAAP (except as may be indicated in the notes to such financial statements or,
in the case of unaudited financial statements, as permitted by Form 10-Q of the SEC, and except that the unaudited financial statements
may not contain footnotes and are subject to normal and recurring year-end adjustments that are not reasonably expected to be
material in amount) applied on a consistent basis unless otherwise noted therein throughout the periods indicated and (iii) fairly
present, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of the respective dates thereof and the
results of operations and cash flows of the Company for the periods covered thereby. Other than as expressly disclosed in the
SEC Documents filed prior to the date hereof, there has been no material change in the Companys accounting methods or principles
that would be required to be disclosed in the Companys financial statements in accordance with GAAP. Except as set forth
in the consolidated financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents filed prior to the date hereof, the Company
has not incurred any liabilities, contingent or otherwise, except those incurred in the ordinary course of business, consistent
(as to amount and nature) with past practices since the date of such financial statements, none of which, individually or in the
aggregate, have had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The books of account and other financial
records of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries are true and complete in all material respects.

3.36.2 As
of their respective filing dates, the financial statements (including any related notes) contained or incorporated by reference
in the Late SEC Documents (i) will comply as to form in all material respects with the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as
applicable, and the published rules and regulations of the SEC applicable thereto, (ii) will be prepared in accordance with GAAP
(except as may be indicated in the notes to such financial statements or, in the case of unaudited financial statements, as permitted
by Form 10-Q of the SEC, and except that the unaudited financial statements may not contain footnotes and are subject to normal
and recurring year-end adjustments that are not reasonably expected to be material in amount) applied on a consistent basis unless
otherwise noted therein throughout the periods indicated and (iii) will fairly present, in all material respects, the consolidated
financial position of the Company as of the respective dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows of the Company
for the periods covered thereby.

3.37 Registration
Rights. Other than each of the Purchasers, the Noteholders, or as set forth in the SEC Documents, no Person has any right
to cause the Company to effect the registration under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company other than those securities
which are currently registered on an effective registration statement on file with the SEC. As used herein, the term Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

3.38 Disclosure.
The Company confirms that it has not provided, and to the Companys knowledge, none of its officers or directors nor any
other Person acting on its or their behalf has provided, any Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any information that it believes
constitutes material, non-public information except insofar as the existence, provisions and terms of this Agreement and the proposed
transactions hereunder and information provided to the Purchaser in connection therewith may constitute such information, all
of which will be disclosed by the Company in a Current Report on Form 8-K as contemplated by Section 5.1 hereof (to the
extent that the Company believes such information constitutes material, nonpublic information at such time) or by Section 5.9
hereof. The Company understands and confirms that the Purchasers will rely on the foregoing representations in effecting transactions
in securities of the Company.

13

3.39 Off
Balance Sheet Arrangements. There is no transaction, arrangement, or other relationship between the Company (or any Subsidiary)
and an unconsolidated or other off balance sheet entity that is required to be disclosed by the Company in the SEC Documents and
is not so disclosed and would have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

3.40 Acknowledgment
Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each Purchaser is acting solely
in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, and
that the obligations of each Purchaser under this Agreement are several and not joint. The Company further acknowledges that no
Purchaser is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (or in any similar capacity)
with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, and any advice given by a Purchaser or any of its representatives
or agents in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby is merely incidental to such Purchasers
purchase of the Preferred Shares. The Company further represents to each Purchaser that the Companys decision to enter
into this Agreement has been based solely on the independent evaluation by the Company and its representatives.

3.41 No
Disqualification Events. No bad actor disqualifying event described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i)-(viii) of the Securities
Act (a Disqualification Event) is applicable to the Company or, to the Companys Knowledge,
any Company Covered Person (as defined below), except for a Disqualification Event as to which Rule 506(d)(2)(ii-iv) or (d)(3),
is applicable. Company Covered Person means, with respect to the Company as an issuer
for purposes of Rule 506 promulgated under the Securities Act, any person listed in the first paragraph of Rule 506(d)(1). Except
as set forth on Schedule 3.41, the Company is not aware of any Person (other than any Company Covered Person) that has
been or will be paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of purchasers in connection with the sale of the Preferred
Shares pursuant to this Agreement.

3.42 Regulation
M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly,
any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to
facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Preferred Shares, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation for soliciting
purchases of, any of the Preferred Shares, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another
to purchase any other securities of the Company.

3.43 Holistic
Capital Solution. The Company has completed the First Portion of Key Money (as defined in the License Agreement).

14

3.44 License
Agreement. The Company continues to perform with its obligations of the License Agreement in all material respects, and there
are no other material obligations, conditions, covenants or potential final obligations or termination rights that are, or reasonably
would be expected to be, prejudicial to the Company.

4.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE PURCHASERS

Each
Purchaser hereby, for itself and no other Purchaser, represents and warrants to the Company, effective as of the date hereof,
as follows:

4.1 Good
Standing of the Purchaser. Such Purchaser has been duly organized and is validly existing and in good standing under the laws
of its state of organization, with power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder.

4.2 Due
Execution, Delivery and Performance. Such Purchaser has full power and authority to enter into this Agreement and perform
the transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by such Purchaser. No consent,
approval, authorization or other order of any court, regulatory body, administrative agency or other governmental body is required
for the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement by the
Purchaser. Upon its execution and delivery, and assuming the valid execution thereof by the Company, this will constitute the
valid and binding obligations of such Purchaser, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited
by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors and contracting parties
rights generally and except as enforceability may be subject to general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability
is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).

4.3 Sophisticated
Investor. Such Purchaser is knowledgeable, sophisticated and experienced in making, and is qualified to make, decisions with
respect to investments in securities representing an investment decision like that involved in the purchase of the securities,
including investments in securities issued by the Company.

4.4 Accredited
Investor. Such Purchaser is a qualified institutional buyer (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act)
or an accredited investor within the meaning of Rule 501 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act, and
has completed Schedule A following the signature page hereto and the information contained therein is accurate and complete.

4.5 Investment
Purpose. Such Purchaser is acquiring the number of Preferred Shares set forth on the signature page hereto in the ordinary
course of its business and for its own account for investment (as defined for purposes of the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvement
Act of 1976 and the regulations thereunder) only and with no present intention of distributing any of such Preferred Shares or
Conversion Shares or any arrangement or understanding with any other persons regarding the distribution of such Preferred Shares
or Conversion Shares within the meaning of Section 2(11) of the Securities Act.

15

4.6 No
Legal, Tax or Investment Advice. Such Purchaser understands that nothing in this Agreement or any other materials presented
to such Purchaser in connection with the purchase and sale of the Preferred Shares constitutes legal, tax or investment advice.
Such Purchaser has consulted such legal, tax and investment advisors as it, in its sole discretion, has deemed necessary or appropriate
in connection with its purchase of Preferred Shares.

4.7 No
Obligation to Register Securities. Such Purchaser understands that except as set forth in this Agreement, neither the Company
nor any other person is under any obligation to register the resale of the Preferred Shares or the Conversion Shares under the
Securities Act or any state securities laws or to comply with the terms and conditions of any resale exemption thereunder and
that the Registration Statement will only register for resale the Conversion Shares and not the Preferred Shares.

4.8 Restrictive
Legend. The Purchasers understand that, until such time as the legends may be removed pursuant to Section 5.6, the
certificates or other instruments representing the Preferred Shares and Conversion Shares, and all certificates or other instruments
issued in exchange therefore or in substitution thereof, shall bear a restrictive legend in substantially the following form (and
a stop-transfer order may be placed against transfer of the certificates for the Conversion Shares):

THE
SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED. THE SECURITIES
MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER SAID ACT,
OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL OR OTHER EVIDENCE, IN FORM REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY, THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED
UNDER SAID ACT.

4.9 Issuance
Limitation. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or the Certificate of Designation, such Purchaser acknowledges and
agrees that no holder of Preferred Shares issued under this Agreement will be entitled to receive Conversion Shares or other shares
of Common Stock issuable upon redemption, dividend payments, or as otherwise provided in the Certificate of Designation, to the
extent (but only to the extent) that such receipt would cause the aggregate number of Conversion Shares and other shares of Common
Stock issued upon redemption, dividend payments, or as otherwise provided in the Certificate of Designation, to all Purchasers
in aggregate, to represent more than 19.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding on the Closing Date (the Issuance
Limitation), unless the Company obtains the requisite stockholder approval under Section 5635 of Nasdaqs
Listed Company Manual and the requisite stockholder approval to increase the number of authorized shares of Common Stock (the
Stockholder Approval), in which case, the Issuance Limitation would no longer apply to the Purchasers.
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or the Certificate of Designation, each director or officer of the Company that is
a Purchaser or that beneficially owns or controls an entity that is a Purchaser agrees that such Purchaser or its transferees
will not have any right to receive any Conversion Shares or other shares of Common Stock issuable upon redemption, dividend payments
or as otherwise provided in the Certificate Designations unless and until the Stockholder Approval has been obtained. Unless and
until the Stockholder Approval is obtained, each Purchaser agrees to attend any meeting of stockholders for the purposes of establishing
quorum and, in all circumstances where the Preferred Shares and the Common Stock vote together as a single class on a matter,
affirmatively abstain from voting the Preferred Shares acquired under this Agreement (or any shares of Common Stock issued upon
conversion thereof) on such matter; provided, however, that with respect to the proposal to increase the authorized shares of
Common Stock as part of the Stockholder Approval, each Purchaser agrees to vote the Preferred Shares acquired under this Agreement
(or any shares of Common Stock issued upon conversion thereof) in favor of such proposal to the maximum extent allowable under
Nasdaq rules.

16

4.10 Financial
Ability Source of Funds.

4.10.1 Such
Purchaser has, and will have at Closing, sufficient cash, available lines of credit or other sources of immediately available
funds to pay in cash the portion of the Purchase Price allocated to such Purchaser as set forth on the signature page hereto and
all other amounts to be paid by Purchaser hereunder to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and to satisfy
all other costs and expenses incurred by such Purchaser in connection herewith.

4.10.2 Such
Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are not in
any way contingent upon or otherwise subject to the availability or receipt of any financing to such Purchaser.

4.11 Exculpation
Among Purchasers. Each Purchaser acknowledges that it is not relying upon any other Purchaser, or any officer, director, employee,
agent, partner, member or affiliate of any such other Purchaser, in making its investment or decision to invest in the Company.
Each Purchaser agrees that neither any Purchaser nor the respective controlling Persons, officers, directors, partners, agents,
or employees of any Purchaser shall be liable to any other Purchaser for any action heretofore taken or omitted to be taken by
any of them in connection with the purchase of the Preferred Shares.

5.

ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS

5.1 Certain
Transactions and Confidentiality. Subject to the terms of any non-disclosure agreement between each Purchaser and the Company,
each Purchaser covenants that neither it, nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will
execute any purchases or sales of any of the Companys securities during the period commencing with the execution of this
Agreement and ending at such time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to
the Form 8-K (as defined in Section 5.9). Each Purchaser covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the Form 8-K, such Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality
of the existence and terms of this transaction and the information included in this Agreement; provided, however, that each party
may disclose such information only to its affiliates and its and its affiliates officers, directors, managers, partners,
employees, agents, legal advisors and representatives on a need-to-know basis in the performance of this Agreement; provided,
further, that such party shall ensure such persons strictly abide by the confidentiality obligations hereunder or substantially
equivalent terms. The Company acknowledges and agrees that it has not provided any material non-public information to any Purchaser
except for such information as will be included in the Form 8-K or in a press release that will be posted concurrently with the
filing of the Form 8-K.

17

5.2 Nasdaq
Listing of Shares. The Company shall promptly respond to and provide any information requested by Nasdaq in connection with
the Companys submission of the Listing of Additional Shares Notification Form in respect of the issuance of the Preferred
Shares and listing of the Conversion Shares.

5.3 Use
of Proceeds. The Company will use the net proceeds received by it from the issuance and sale of the Preferred Shares for (i)
working capital, and (ii) to pay the fees, costs and expenses in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby, and shall not use such proceeds for: (a) the redemption of any securities of the Company, (b) the settlement of any outstanding
litigation, (c) the repayment of any outstanding debt or (d) in violation of the Money Laundering Laws or OFAC regulations.

5.4 Stockholder
Consent. The Company agrees to, as promptly as reasonably practicable following the Closing, but in any event within 30 calendar
days after the Company has filed its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, in accordance with the laws
of the State of Delaware and the Companys amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws,
take all action necessary to duly call, give notice of, convene and hold a meeting of stockholders for the purpose of obtaining
the Stockholder Approval, which includes the unanimous recommendation of the Board for the Companys stockholders to vote
for the Stockholder Approval, subject to the fiduciary obligations under applicable law of the Board (as determined in good faith
by the Board after consultation with the Companys outside counsel). The Purchasers agree to furnish to the Company all
information concerning such Purchaser as the Company may reasonably request in connection with any such stockholder meeting. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, the sole remedy for failure to duly call, give notice of, convene and hold a meeting of stockholders
for purposes of obtaining Stockholder Approval shall be specific performance of this Section 5.4.

5.5 Voting
Agreement. The Company agrees not to amend, waive or terminate any Voting Agreement in any way that would materially affect
the rights of the Purchasers under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the Purchasers.

5.6 Transfer
Restrictions.

5.6.1 Except
as permitted in this Section 5.6, such Purchaser will not, directly or indirectly, offer, sell, pledge, transfer or otherwise
dispose of (or solicit any offers to buy, purchase or otherwise acquire or take a pledge of) any of the Preferred Shares except
in compliance with the Securities Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

5.6.2 The
Company acknowledges and agrees that each Purchaser may from time to time pledge pursuant to a bona fide margin agreement with
a registered broker-dealer or grant a security interest in some or all of the Preferred Shares or Conversion Shares the (Shares)
to a financial institution that is an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act and
who agrees to be bound by the provisions of this Agreement and, if required under the terms of such arrangement, such Purchaser
may transfer pledged or secured Shares to the pledgees or secured parties. Such a pledge or transfer would not be subject to approval
of the Company and no legal opinion of legal counsel of the pledgee, secured party or pledgor shall be required in connection
therewith. Further, no notice shall be required of such pledge. The Company will execute and deliver such reasonable documentation
as a pledgee or secured party of Shares may reasonably request in connection with a pledge or transfer of the Shares.

18

5.6.3 Certificates
evidencing the Conversion Shares shall not be required to contain any legend (including the legend set forth in Section 4.8
hereof): (i) following a sale of the Conversion Shares pursuant to a registration statement covering the resale of such Conversion
Shares, while such registration statement is effective under the Securities Act, (ii) following any sale of such Conversion Shares
pursuant to Rule 144, (iii) if such Shares are eligible for sale under Rule 144, without the requirement for the Company to be
in compliance with the current public information required under Rule 144 as to such Conversion Shares and without volume or manner-of-sale
restrictions or (iv) if such legend is not required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations
and pronouncements issued by the staff of the SEC).

5.6.4 The
Company agrees that following such time as the legend is no longer required under Section 5.6, it will, no later than one
(1) Business Day following the delivery by such Purchaser to the Companys transfer agent (the Transfer Agent)
of written notice requesting the removal of any restrictive legend from the entry in the applicable balance account evidencing
such Conversion Shares and such other documentation as may reasonably be requested, deliver or cause to be delivered to such Purchaser
such Conversion Shares, free from all restrictive and other legends, by crediting the account of such Purchasers prime
broker with the Depository Trust Company System as directed by such Purchaser. Subject to the limitations under Section 4.9,
the Company may not make any notation on its records or give instructions to the Transfer Agent that enlarge the restrictions
on transfer set forth in Section 4.8 or this Section 5.6.

5.7 Furnishing
of Information. Until the time that no Purchaser owns any Preferred Shares, the Company covenants to use commercially reasonable
efforts to timely file (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required
to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act. Each Purchaser acknowledges and agrees, including
for purposes of the Companys compliance with the terms of the Prior Preferred SPA, that the Companys delay in filing
its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 (the 2024 Form 10-K) and any other
filings or reports related to the analogous covenant in the Prior Preferred SPA shall not be considered a breach of this covenant
(or the analogous covenant in the Prior Preferred SPA) to the extent the 2024 Form 10-K and such related filings or reports are
filed with the SEC on or before June 30, 2025, and each Purchaser unconditionally and irrevocably waives any corresponding claims
for breach of the analogous covenant under the Prior Preferred SPA.

5.8 Acknowledgment
of Dilution. The Company acknowledges that the issuance of the Shares may result in dilution of the outstanding shares of
Common Stock, which dilution may be substantial under certain market conditions. The Company further acknowledges that its obligations
under this Agreement, including, without limitation, its obligation to issue the Shares pursuant to this Agreement, are unconditional
and absolute and not subject to any right of set off, counterclaim, delay or reduction, regardless of the effect of any such dilution
or any claim the Company may have against the Purchaser and regardless of the dilutive effect that such issuance may have on the
ownership of the other stockholders of the Company.

19

5.9 Securities
Laws Disclosure; Publicity. The Company shall, no later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City Time) on the fourth (4th) Business Day
immediately following the date hereof, file a Current Report on Form 8-K (the Form 8-K) disclosing
the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the NPA Waiver. The Company and the Purchasers shall consult
with each other in issuing any press releases with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, and neither the Company nor
any Purchaser shall issue any such press release nor otherwise make any such public statement without the prior consent of the
Company, with respect to any press release of a Purchaser, or without the prior consent of the Purchasers of at least a majority
of the Preferred Shares, with respect to any press release of the Company, except if such disclosure is required by law or regulation,
in which case the disclosing party shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement or communication;
provided that this Section 5.9 shall not in any way restrict or impair the ability of the Company or any Purchaser to respond
to routine examinations, demands, requests or reporting requirements of a regulator without prior notice to or consultation with
the Purchasers or the Company, respectively; provided, further, that only to the extent that the responding party is in possession
of confidential information of the other party at such time, the responding party shall inform the other party in writing as soon
as reasonably practicable following receipt of a request for such examination, demand, request, or reporting requirement.

5.10 Reservation
of Common Stock. Subject to the Issuance Limitation, the Company has reserved, and shall continue to reserve and keep available
at all times prior to issuance, the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Shares, free of
preemptive rights or any other rights of any other securityholders (including holders of equity incentive plan entitlements).

20

5.11 Beneficial
Ownership Limitation. A Purchaser may notify the Company in writing (which may be by email to legal@sonder.com) in the event
it elects to be subject to the provisions contained in this Section 5.11; however, no Purchaser shall be subject to this Section
5.11 unless he, she or it makes such election. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Certificate of Designation,
if the election is made by a Purchaser, the Company shall not effect any conversion of the Preferred Shares, and the Purchaser
shall not have the right to convert any portion of its Preferred Shares, to the extent that, after giving effect to an attempted
conversion set forth on an applicable Optional Conversion Notice (as defined in the Certificate of Designation) with respect to
the Preferred Shares, such Purchaser (together with any other Person whose beneficial ownership of Common Stock would be aggregated
with the Purchasers for purposes of Section 13(d) or Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the applicable rules and regulations
of the SEC, including any group of which the Purchaser is a member) would beneficially own a number of shares of
Common Stock in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the
aggregate number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by such Purchaser shall include the number of shares of Common Stock
issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Shares subject to the Optional Conversion Notice with respect to which such determination
is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which are issuable upon (i) conversion of the remaining,
unconverted Preferred Shares beneficially owned by such Purchaser, and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted
portion of any other securities of the Company beneficially owned by such Purchaser (including, without limitation, any convertible
notes, convertible stock or warrants) that are subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise similar to the limitation contained
herein. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 5.11, beneficial ownership shall be calculated
in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC. In addition, for purposes
hereof, group has the meaning set forth in Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the applicable rules and regulations
of the SEC. For purposes of this Section 5.11, in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Purchaser may
rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (i) the Companys most recent Form 10-K, Form 10-Q,
Current Report on Form 8-K or other public filing with the SEC, as the case may be, (ii) a more recent public announcement by
the Company that is filed with the SEC or (iii) a more recent notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent to the Purchaser setting
forth the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. For any reason at any time, upon the written request of a Purchaser
(which may be by email), the Company shall, within three (3) trading days of such request, confirm in writing to such Purchaser
(which may be via email) the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares
of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to any actual conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including
Preferred Shares, by such Purchaser since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was last publicly
reported or confirmed to the Holder. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be set at the discretion of any Purchaser
that makes an election between 4.9% and 19.9% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving
effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock pursuant to an Optional Conversion Notice (to the extent permitted pursuant to
this Section 5.11). By written notice to the Company, a Purchaser may from time to time increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation to any other percentage not in excess of 19.9% specified in such written notice; provided that (i) any such increase
will not be effective until the sixty-first (61st) day after such written notice is delivered to the Company and (ii) any such
increase or decrease will apply only to such Purchaser sending such notice and not to any other Purchaser. The provisions of this
Section 5.11 shall be construed, corrected and implemented in a manner so as to effectuate the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation
herein contained and the shares of Common Stock underlying the Preferred Shares in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation
shall not be deemed to be beneficially owned by the Purchaser for any purpose including for purposes of Section 13(d) or Rule
16a-1(a)(1) of the Exchange Act.

5.12 Participation
in Future Financing.

5.12.1 Subject
to compliance with applicable securities laws, from the date hereof until August 13, 2029, upon any issuance by the Company of
Common Stock or other equity securities of the Company for cash consideration, indebtedness or a combination thereof (a Subsequent
Financing), each Purchaser shall have the right to participate, on the same terms and conditions provided for in
the Subsequent Financing, in an amount equal to such Purchasers Pro-Rata Share (as defined below) of twenty-five (25%)
percent of the aggregate principal amount of any such Subsequent Financing provided, however, the Purchasers shall have
the right to purchase such securities in any Subsequent Financing at a purchase price equal to seventy-five (75%) percent of the
purchase price of any other investor in a Subsequent Financing, subject to compliance with Nasdaq stockholder approval rules.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not be obligated to seek such stockholder approval and may make such determination
in its sole discretion. For purposes of this Agreement, each Purchasers Pro-Rata Share shall
be equal to the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be beneficially owned by such Purchaser immediately prior to the closing
of the Subsequent Financing (based upon documentation or written representation reasonably satisfactory to the Company), divided
by the total number of shares of Common Stock outstanding (including any shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion or exercise
of outstanding Common Stock Equivalents deemed to be beneficially owned by such Purchaser and included in the numerator) immediately
prior to the closing of the Subsequent Financing.

21

5.12.2 At
least ten (10) Business Days prior to the closing of the Subsequent Financing, the Company shall deliver to each Purchaser a written
notice of its intention to effect a Subsequent Financing (the Subsequent Financing Notice). Each Purchaser
hereby agrees to keep the information contained in the Subsequent Financing Notice confidential. The Subsequent Financing Notice
shall describe in reasonable detail the proposed terms of such Subsequent Financing, the amount of proceeds intended to be raised
thereunder and the Person or Persons through or with whom such Subsequent Financing is proposed to be effected and shall include
a term sheet or similar document relating thereto as an attachment.

5.12.3 Any
Purchaser desiring to participate in such Subsequent Financing must provide written notice to the Company by not later than 5:30
p.m. (New York City time) on the second (2 ) Business Day after such Purchaser has received the Subsequent Financing Notice, that
the Purchaser is willing to participate in the Subsequent Financing, the amount of the Purchasers elected participation,
and representing and warranting that the Purchaser has such funds ready, willing, and available for investment on the terms set
forth in the Subsequent Financing Notice. If the Company receives no such notice from a Purchaser as of such second (2nd) Business
Day, such Purchaser shall be deemed to have notified the Company that it does not elect to participate in the Subsequent Financing.

5.12.4 Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Section 5.12 and unless otherwise agreed to by all Purchasers, the Company shall either
confirm in writing to each Purchaser that the transaction with respect to the Subsequent Financing has been abandoned or shall
publicly disclose its intention to effect the Subsequent Financing, in either case, in such a manner such that a Purchaser will
not be in possession of any material, non-public information, by the fifth (5) Business Day following delivery of the Subsequent
Financing Notice. If by such fifth (5) Business Day, no public disclosure regarding a transaction with respect to the Subsequent
Financing has been made, and no notice regarding the abandonment of such transaction has been received by a Purchaser, such transaction
shall be deemed to have been abandoned and the Purchaser shall not be in possession of any material, non-public information with
respect to the Company.

5.12.5 Notwithstanding
the foregoing, for any Purchaser who is party to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated August 13, 2024, by and among
the Company and the purchasers named therein (the Prior Preferred SPA), the rights set forth in this
Section 5.12 shall not apply. Furthermore, any such Purchaser party to the Prior Preferred SPA hereby unconditionally and
irrevocably waives any and all preemptive or participation rights and related notice rights it may have with respect to the Preferred
Shares being offered and sold hereby and the Warrants issued in connection with the NPA Waiver and the issuance of the shares
of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion or exercise thereof, including without limitation the participation right set forth
in Section 5.12 of the Prior Preferred SPA.

22

6.

REGISTRATION RIGHTS

6.1 Registration
Rights.

6.1.1 The
Company agrees that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than thirty (30) calendar days following the filing date of
the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 (such deadline, the Filing Deadline),
the Company will submit to or file with the SEC a registration statement for a shelf registration on Form S-1 or an amendment
to the existing shelf registration on Form S-1 (the Registration Statement) covering the resale of
the Conversion Shares that are eligible for registration (determined as of two (2) Business Days prior to such submission or filing)
(the Registrable Shares) and the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to have the
Registration Statement declared effective as soon as practicable after the filing thereof, but no later than the earlier of (i)
the 45th calendar day following the initial filing date of the Registration Statement if the SEC notifies the Company that it
will not review the Registration Statement, (ii) the 90th calendar day following the initial filing date of the
Registration Statement if the SEC notifies the Company that it will review the Registration Statement (including
a limited review) and (iii) the 10th business day after the date the Company is notified (orally or in writing, whichever is earlier)
by the SEC that the Registration Statement will not be reviewed or will not be subject to further review (such earlier
date, the Effectiveness Deadline) provided, however, that the Companys obligations to
include the Registrable Shares in the Registration Statement are contingent upon Purchaser furnishing in writing to the Company
such information regarding Purchaser or its permitted assigns, the securities of the Company held by Purchaser and the intended
method of disposition of the Registrable Shares (which shall be limited to non-underwritten public offerings) as shall be reasonably
requested by the Company to effect the registration of the Registrable Shares, and Purchaser shall execute such documents in connection
with such registration as the Company may reasonably request that are customary of a selling stockholder in similar situations.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the SEC prevents the Company from including any or all of the shares proposed to be registered
under a Registration Statement due to limitations on the use of Rule 415 under the Securities Act for the resale of the Conversion
Shares pursuant to this Article VII by the applicable stockholders or otherwise, such Registration Statement shall register
for resale such number of Conversion Shares which is equal to the maximum number of Conversion Shares as is permitted to be registered
by the SEC. In such event, the number of Conversion Shares to be registered for each selling stockholder named in such Registration
Statement shall be reduced pro rata among all such selling stockholders. In the event the Company amends the Registration Statement
in accordance with the foregoing, the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC, as promptly as
allowed by the SEC, one or more registration statements to register the resale of those Registrable Shares that were not registered
on the initial Registration Statement, as so amended. Any failure by the Company to file the Registration Statement by the Filing
Deadline or to effect such Registration Statement by the Effectiveness Deadline shall not otherwise relieve the Company of its
obligations to file or effect the Registration Statement as set forth above in this Section 6.

23

6.1.2 At
its expense the Company shall:

6.1.2.1 except
for such times as the Company is permitted hereunder to suspend the use of the prospectus forming part of a Registration Statement,
use its commercially reasonable efforts to keep such registration, and any qualification, exemption or compliance under state
securities laws which the Company determines to obtain, continuously effective with respect to Purchaser, and to keep the applicable
Registration Statement or any subsequent shelf registration statement free of any material misstatements or omissions, until the
earlier of the following: (A) Purchaser ceases to hold any Registrable Shares and (B) the date all Registrable Shares held by
Purchaser may be sold without restriction under Rule 144, including, without limitation, any volume and manner of sale restrictions
which may be applicable to affiliates under Rule 144 and without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the
current public information required under Rule 144(c)(1) (or Rule 144(i)(2), if applicable) (the period of time during which the
Company is required hereunder to keep a Registration Statement effective is referred to herein as the Registration
Period);

6.1.2.2 during
the Registration Period, advise Purchaser, as expeditiously as practicable:

6.1.2.2.1 when
a Registration Statement or any amendment thereto has been filed with the SEC;

6.1.2.2.2 after
it shall receive notice or obtain knowledge thereof, of the issuance by the SEC of any stop order suspending the effectiveness
of any Registration Statement or the initiation of any proceedings for such purpose;

6.1.2.2.3 of
the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification of the Registrable Shares included
therein for sale in any jurisdiction or the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose; and

6.1.2.2.4 subject
to the provisions in this Agreement, of the occurrence of any event that requires the making of any changes in any Registration
Statement or prospectus so that, as of such date, the statements therein are not misleading and do not omit to state a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of a prospectus, in the light of the
circumstances under which they were made) not misleading.

Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary set forth herein, the Company shall not, when so advising Purchaser of such events, provide Purchaser
with any material, nonpublic information regarding the Company other than to the extent that providing notice to Purchaser of
the occurrence of the events listed in (A) through (D) above constitutes material, nonpublic information regarding the Company,
in which case the Company shall direct its counsel to confer with the counsel of Purchaser to discuss such information to determine
the proper course of action with respect to such information;

24

6.1.2.3 during
the Registration Period, use its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain the withdrawal of any order suspending the effectiveness
of any Registration Statement as soon as reasonably practicable;

6.1.2.4 during
the Registration Period, upon the occurrence of any event contemplated above, except for such times as the Company is permitted
hereunder to suspend, and has suspended, the use of a prospectus forming part of a Registration Statement, the Company shall use
its commercially reasonable efforts to as soon as reasonably practicable prepare a post-effective amendment to such Registration
Statement or a supplement to the related prospectus, or file any other required document so that, as thereafter delivered to purchasers
of the Registrable Shares included therein, such prospectus will not include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading;

6.1.2.5 during
the Registration Period, use its commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the listing of all Registrable Shares on each securities
exchange or market, if any, on which the shares of common stock issued by the Company have been listed;

6.1.2.6 during
the Registration Period, otherwise, in good faith, cooperate reasonably with, and take such customary actions as may reasonably
be requested by the Purchaser, consistent with the terms of this Agreement, in connection with the registration of the Registrable
Shares.

6.1.3 Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Company shall be entitled to delay the filing or effectiveness of, or suspend
the use of, the Registration Statement if it determines that in order for the Registration Statement not to contain a material
misstatement or omission, (i) an amendment thereto would be needed to include information that would at that time not otherwise
be required in a current, quarterly, or annual report under the Exchange Act, (ii) the negotiation or consummation of a transaction
by the Company or its subsidiaries is pending or an event has occurred, which negotiation, consummation or event Board reasonably
believes would require additional disclosure by the Company in the Registration Statement of material information that the Company
has a bona fide business purpose for keeping confidential and the non-disclosure of which in the Registration Statement would
be expected, in the reasonable determination of the Board to cause the Registration Statement to fail to comply with applicable
disclosure requirements, or (iii) in the good faith judgment of the majority of the members of the Board, such filing or effectiveness
or use of such Registration Statement, would be seriously detrimental to the Company and the majority of the members of the Board
concludes as a result that it is essential to defer such filing (each such circumstance, a Suspension Event);
provided, however, that the Company may not delay or suspend the Registration Statement on more than two occasions or for more
than thirty (30) consecutive calendar days, or more than one sixty (60) total calendar days in each case during any twelve-month
period. Upon receipt of any written notice from the Company of the happening of any Suspension Event during the period that the
Registration Statement is effective or if as a result of a Suspension Event the Registration Statement or related prospectus contains
any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make
the statements therein (in light of the circumstances under which they were made, in the case of the prospectus) not misleading,
Purchaser agrees that (i) it will immediately discontinue offers and sales of the Registrable Shares under the Registration Statement
(excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, sales conducted pursuant to Rule 144) until Purchaser receives copies of a supplemental
or amended prospectus (which the Company agrees to promptly prepare) that corrects the misstatement(s) or omission(s) referred
to above and receives notice that any post-effective amendment has become effective or unless otherwise notified by the Company
that it may resume such offers and sales, and (ii) it will maintain the confidentiality of any information included in such written
notice delivered by the Company unless otherwise required by law or subpoena. If so directed by the Company, Purchaser will deliver
to the Company or, in Purchasers sole discretion destroy, all copies of the prospectus covering the Registrable Shares
in Purchasers possession; provided, however, that this obligation to deliver or destroy all copies of the prospectus covering
the Registrable Shares shall not apply (A) to the extent Purchaser is required to retain a copy of such prospectus (1) in order
to comply with applicable legal, regulatory, self-regulatory or professional requirements or (2) in accordance with a bona fide
pre-existing document retention policy or (B) to copies stored electronically on archival servers as a result of automatic data
back-up.

25

6.1.4 Indemnification.

6.1.4.1 the
Company will indemnify and hold harmless the Purchaser Parties, from and against any Losses to which they may become subject under
the 1933 Act or otherwise, arising out of, relating to or based upon: (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of
any material fact contained in any Registration Statement, any preliminary prospectus, final prospectus or other document, including
any Blue Sky Application (as defined below), or any amendment or supplement thereof or any omission or alleged omission of a material
fact required to be stated therein or, in the case of the Registration Statement, necessary to make the statements therein not
misleading or, in the case of any preliminary prospectus, final prospectus or other document, necessary to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading, except insofar as the same are caused by or contained
in any information or affidavit so furnished in writing to the Company by or on behalf of such Purchaser or the other Purchasers
expressly for use therein; (ii) any Blue Sky Application or other document executed by the Company specifically for that purpose
or based upon written information furnished by the Company filed in any state or other jurisdiction in order to qualify any or
all of the Preferred Shares and Conversion Shares under the securities laws thereof (any such application, document or information
herein called a Blue Sky Application); (iii) any violation or alleged violation by the Company or
its agents of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any similar federal or state law or any rule or regulation promulgated thereunder
applicable to the Company or its agents and relating to any action or inaction required of the Company in connection with the
registration or the offer or sale of the Conversion Shares pursuant to any Registration Statement; or (iv) any failure to register
or qualify the Conversion Shares included in any such Registration Statement in any state where the Company or its agents has
affirmatively undertaken or agreed in writing that the Company will undertake such registration or qualification on the Purchasers
behalf and will reimburse the Purchaser Parties for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by them in connection with
investigating, preparing or defending any such Losses; provided, however, that the Company will not be liable in any such case
if and to the extent, but only to the extent, that any such Losses arise out of or are based upon an untrue statement or alleged
untrue statement or omission or alleged omission so made in conformity with information furnished by the Purchaser or any such
controlling Person in writing specifically for use in such Registration Statement or prospectus.

26

6.1.4.2 Any
person or entity entitled to indemnification herein shall (A) give prompt written notice to the indemnifying party of any claim
with respect to which it seeks indemnification (provided that the failure to give prompt notice shall not impair any persons
or entitys right to indemnification hereunder to the extent such failure has not prejudiced the indemnifying party) and
(B) unless in such indemnified partys reasonable judgment a conflict of interest between such indemnified and indemnifying
parties may exist with respect to such claim, permit such indemnifying party to assume the defense of such claim with counsel
reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party. If such defense is assumed, the indemnifying party shall not be subject to any
liability for any settlement made by the indemnified party without its consent (but such consent shall not be unreasonably withheld).
An indemnifying party who is not entitled to, or elects not to, assume the defense of a claim shall not be obligated to pay the
fees and expenses of more than one counsel for all parties indemnified by such indemnifying party with respect to such claim,
unless in the reasonable judgment of any indemnified party a conflict of interest may exist between such indemnified party and
any other of such indemnified parties with respect to such claim. No indemnifying party shall, without the consent of the indemnified
party, consent to the entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement which cannot be settled in all respects by the payment
of money (and such money is so paid by the indemnifying party pursuant to the terms of such settlement) or which settlement includes
a statement or admission of fault and culpability on the part of such indemnified party or which does not include as an unconditional
term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such indemnified party of a release from all liability in respect to such
claim or litigation.

6.1.4.3 The
indemnification provided for under this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by
or on behalf of the indemnified party or any officer, director or controlling person or entity of such indemnified party and shall
survive the transfer of securities.

6.1.4.4 If
the indemnification provided under this Section 6.1.4.4 from the indemnifying party is unavailable or insufficient to hold
harmless an indemnified party in respect of any losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses referred to herein, then the
indemnifying party, in lieu of indemnifying the indemnified party, shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by the indemnified
party as a result of such losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the
relative fault of the indemnifying party and the indemnified party, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The
relative fault of the indemnifying party and indemnified party shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether
any action in question, including any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to
state a material fact, was made by (or not made by, in the case of an omission), or relates to information supplied by (or not
supplied by, in the case of an omission), such indemnifying party or indemnified party, and the indemnifying partys and
indemnified partys relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such action.
The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of the losses or other liabilities referred to above shall be deemed to include,
subject to the limitations set forth above, any legal or other fees, charges or expenses reasonably incurred by such party in
connection with any investigation or proceeding. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section
11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution pursuant to this Section 6.1.4.4 from any person or entity
who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.

27

6.2 Any
Purchaser who is a party to the Prior Preferred SPA hereby unconditionally and irrevocably waives the Companys obligations
under Article 7 of the Prior Preferred SPA for so long as the Company registers any Registrable Shares under the Prior Preferred
SPA in compliance with the terms of this Article 6.

7.

MISCELLANEOUS

7.1 Amendments;
Waivers. Subject to compliance with applicable law, this Agreement may be amended or supplemented in any and all respects
only by written agreement of the Company and the Purchasers.

7.2 Assignment.
Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations hereunder shall be assigned, in whole or in part, by operation
of law or otherwise, by any of the parties hereto without the prior written consent of the Company, on the one hand, and the Purchasers,
on the other hand, provided, however, that any Purchaser may assign any of its rights, interests, or obligations hereunder
to an affiliate of such Purchaser or to any managed accounts or fund entities for which such Purchaser exercises investment discretion
without the prior written consent of the Company; provided, further, that that no such assignment shall relieve such Purchaser
of its obligations hereunder if such assignee does not perform such obligations.

7.3 Entire
Agreement; No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement, including Disclosure Schedules, together with the Certificate of
Designation and the Amendment to the Certificate of Designation, constitutes the entire agreement, and supersedes all other prior
agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among the parties and their affiliates, or any of them, with respect to
the subject matter hereof and thereof. Except as provided in Section 7.1 hereof, no provision of this Agreement shall confer
upon any person other than the parties hereto and their permitted assigns any rights or remedies hereunder.

7.4 Notices.
All communications hereunder will be in writing and, if sent to the Purchasers, will be emailed, mailed, delivered or telegraphed
and confirmed to the address set forth such Purchasers name on the signature pages hereto, or if sent to the Company, will
be emailed, mailed, delivered or telegraphed and confirmed to Sonder Holdings Inc., 447 Sutter St., Suite 405 #542, San Francisco,
California, Attention: Vanessa Barmack, Email: [***]@sonder.com.

28

7.5 Successors.
This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective personal representatives
and successors, and no other person will have any right or obligation hereunder.

7.6 Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all such counterparts
shall together constitute one and the same Agreement.

7.7 Applicable
Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without
regard to the principles of conflicts of laws that would make the laws of another state applicable. The parties hereto agree that
any suit, action or proceeding seeking to enforce any provision of, or based on any matter arising out of or in connection with,
this Letter shall be brought in the federal courts located in New York County, New York. Each Party irrevocably waives, to the
fullest extent permitted by law, any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the laying of the venue of any such suit,
action or proceeding in any such court or that any such suit, action or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought
in an inconvenient forum. Process in any such suit, action or proceeding may be served on any party anywhere in the world, whether
within or without the jurisdiction of any such court.

7.8 Waiver
of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL
RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

7.9 Severability.
If any term, condition or other provision of this Agreement is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid,
illegal or incapable of being enforced by any rule of law or public policy, all other terms, provisions and conditions of this
Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect. Upon such determination that any term, condition or other provision
is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement
so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.

7.10 Expenses.
Each party shall be responsible for any expenses incurred by it in connection with the transactions contemplated by this agreement.
For the avoidance of doubt, the Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including, without limitation, any fees required for
processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company and any conversion notice delivered by the Investor), stamp taxes
and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Shares to the Purchasers.

7.11 No
Recourse. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement or otherwise, each party hereto agrees on its own behalf and on
behalf of its subsidiaries and affiliates that this Agreement may only be enforced against, and any action, suit or claim for
breach of this Agreement may only be made against, the parties to this Agreement, and no Non-Party Affiliates of any Purchaser,
whether by piercing of the corporate or otherwise, shall have any liability relating to this Agreement or any of the transactions
contemplated herein. Notwithstanding anything to the contract, the sole remedy available to the Company under this Agreement is
to seek specific performance of each Purchasers obligation to fund the Purchase Price hereunder. The Company on its own
behalf and on behalf of its subsidiaries and affiliates hereby irrevocably waive any claims against each Purchaser and its affiliates
and Non-Party Affiliates for any direct, indirect, actual special, incidental, consequential, punitive or other damages and any
other legal remedies arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby.

29

7.12 Independent
Nature of Purchasers Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Purchaser under this Agreement are several and
not joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance or
non-performance of the obligations of any other Purchaser under this Agreement. Nothing contained herein, and no action taken
by any Purchaser pursuant hereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as a partnership, an association, a joint venture
or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers are in any way acting in concert or as a group with respect
to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Each Purchaser shall be entitled to independently protect
and enforce its rights, including, without limitation, the rights arising out of this Agreement, and it shall not be necessary
for any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional party in any proceeding for such purpose. Each Purchaser has been represented
by its own separate legal counsel in their review and negotiation of this Agreement. The Company has elected to provide all Purchasers
with the same terms for the convenience of the Company and not because it was required or requested to do so by any of the Purchasers.

7.13 Remedies.

7.13.1 In
addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, each of the
Purchasers and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under this Agreement. The parties agree that monetary damages
may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in this Agreement and
hereby agree to waive and not to assert in any action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy
at law would be adequate.

7.13.2 Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary set forth herein, no party to this Agreement shall be liable for any punitive, special, consequential
or exemplary damages, relating to any breach of representation, warranty or covenant contained in this Agreement.

7.14 Interpretation
and Rules of Construction. In this Agreement, except to the extent otherwise provided or that the context otherwise requires:

7.14.1 when
a reference is made in this Agreement to an Article or Section, such reference is to an Article or Section of this Agreement;

7.14.2 the
headings for this Agreement are for reference purposes only and do not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this
Agreement;

30

7.14.3 the
words include, includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the words without
limitation.

7.14.4 the
words hereof, herein and hereunder and words of similar import, when used in this Agreement,
refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement;

7.14.5 all
terms defined in this Agreement have the defined meanings when used in any certificate or other document made or delivered pursuant
hereto, unless otherwise defined therein;

7.14.6 the
definitions contained in this Agreement are applicable to the singular as well as the plural forms of such terms;

7.14.7 references
to a Person are also to its successors and permitted assigns; and 9.14.8. the use of the term or is not intended
to be exclusive.

7.15 Termination.
This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the applicable Closing by the mutual written consent of the Company and
the Purchasers.

[Signature
Page Immediately Follows]

31

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the date first written
above.

COMPANY:

SONDER HOLDINGS INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

Signature
Page to Securities Purchase Agreement

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the date first written
above.

Name of Purchaser: 

Signature of Purchaser

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Name in which Shares are
to be registered: 

(if different):

Mailing Address Street: 

City, State, Zip: 

Attn: 

Telephone No. 

Facsimile No. 

Purchasers EIN: 

Number of Preferred Shares
to be Purchased: 

Purchase
Price: $[]

You
must pay the Purchase Price by wire transfer of United States dollars in immediately available funds to the account specified
by Company.

Signature
Page to Securities Purchase Agreement 

SCHEDULE
A

ELIGIBILITY
REPRESENTATIONS OF THE INVESTOR

A. QUALIFIED
INSTITUTIONAL BUYER STATUS

(Please
check the applicable subparagraphs):

We are a qualified institutional buyer (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act).

B. ACCREDITED
INVESTOR STATUS

(Please
check the applicable subparagraphs):

1. 
We are an accredited investor (within the meaning of Rule 501(a) under
the Securities Act) or an entity in which all of the equity holders are accredited investors
within the meaning of Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act, and have marked and initialed
the appropriate box on the following page indicating the provision under which we qualify
as an accredited investor.

2. 
We are not a natural person.

Rule
501(a), in relevant part, states that an accredited investor shall mean any person who comes within any of the below
listed categories, or who the issuer reasonably believes comes within any of the below listed categories, at the time of the sale
of the securities to that person. The Purchaser has indicated, by marking and initialing the appropriate box below, the provision(s)
below which apply to the Purchaser and under which the Purchaser accordingly qualifies as an accredited investor.

Any
bank, registered broker or dealer, insurance company, registered investment company,
business development company, or small business investment company;

Any
plan established and maintained by a state, its political subdivisions, or any agency
or instrumentality of a state or its political subdivisions for the benefit of its employees,
if such plan has total assets in excess of $5,000,000;

Any
natural person whose individual net worth, or joint net worth with that persons
spouse, exceeds $1,000,000; provided that in connection with this calculation
(a) such persons primary residence is not included as an asset, (b) indebtedness
that is secured by such persons primary residence, up to the estimated fair market
value of such persons primary residence as of the date hereof is not included
as a liability (except that if the amount of such indebtedness outstanding as of the
date hereof exceeds the amount outstanding 60 days before the date hereof, other than
as a result of the acquisition of such persons primary residence, the amount of
such excess is included as a liability) and (c) indebtedness that is secured by such
persons primary residence in excess of the estimated fair market value of such
persons primary residence as of the date hereof is included as a liability.

Any
natural person who had an individual income in excess of $200,000 in each of the two
most recent years or joint income with that persons spouse in excess of $300,000
in each of those years and has a reasonable expectation of reaching the same income level
in the current year.

This
schedule should be completed by the Purchaser and constitutes a part of the Subscription Agreement. 

Any
employee benefit plan, within the meaning of the Employee Retirement Income Security
Act of 1974, if a bank, insurance company, or registered investment adviser makes the
investment decisions, or if the plan has total assets in excess of $5,000,000;

Any
organization described in Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code, corporation,
similar business trust, or partnership, not formed for the specific purpose of acquiring
the securities offered, with total assets in excess of $5,000,000;

Any
trust with assets in excess of $5,000,000, not formed to acquire the securities offered,
whose purchase is directed by a sophisticated person; or

Any
entity in which all of the equity owners are accredited investors meeting one or more
of the above tests.

Signature
Page to Securities Purchase Agreement

EXHIBIT
A

Amendment
to Certificate of Designation

[Attached]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>g084774_ex10-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10-2
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.2

FORM
OF SONDER HOLDINGS INC.

VOTING
SUPPORT AGREEMENT

THIS
VOTING SUPPORT AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made and entered into as of April 11, 2025, by and among
Sonder Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and the parties on the signature pages
hereto (individually, a Series A Stockholder and collectively, the Series A Stockholders).
The Company and the Series A Stockholder are each herein referred to individually as a Party, and collectively
as the Parties.

RECITALS

A. Concurrently
with the execution of this Agreement, the Company and certain investors (the Investors) are entering
into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement) providing for the sale of shares of
Series A Preferred Stock of the Company (the Series A Preferred Stock), with each share of Series
A Preferred Stock being convertible in accordance with the certificate of designations related thereto (as amended, the Certificate
of Designations) into shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, of the Company (the Common
Stock) subject to the limitations set forth in the Purchase Agreement.

B.
Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, the Company and certain noteholders of the Company are entering into a consent,
waiver and amendment, which, among other things, will provide for amendments to the terms of the Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement
dated as of December 10, 2021, as amended, and the notes issued pursuant thereto in exchange for warrants to purchase up to an
aggregate of 5.0 million shares of Common Stock at $1.00 per share (the Warrants).

C. As
a condition to the entrance into the Purchase Agreement by the Investors, the Company and the Series A Stockholders have agreed
to take certain actions in connection with the voting rights of the Series A Stockholders as described herein.

Now,
therefore, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, and for other good and
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound hereby,
the parties agree as follows:

1. Vote
to Authorize Conversion of Preferred Stock. Each Series
A Stockholder agrees at each duly called meeting of the stockholders of the Company (and any adjournment or postponement thereof),
and in any action by written consent of the stockholders of the Company requested by the Companys Board of Directors, to
vote or cause to be voted all shares of Common Stock and shares of Series A Preferred Stock owned by such Series A Stockholder,
or over which such Series A Stockholder has voting control, (i) in favor of any Company proposal to approve the issuance of shares
of Common Stock upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock issued under the Purchase Agreement pursuant to the terms and
conditions of the Series A Preferred Stock, as required by and in accordance with Nasdaq Rules 5635(b), (c) or (d); for the avoidance
of doubt, any shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of Series A Preferred Stock issued under the Purchase Agreement
will not be entitled to vote to authorize the conversion of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock; and (ii) in favor of any Company
proposal to increase the number of authorized shares of Common Stock to ensure, among other things, that there will be sufficient
shares of Common Stock available for conversion of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock following the consummation
of the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement and the exercise of the Warrants, provided that the increased number
of authorized shares of Common Stock shall not exceed 210,921,255 shares of Common Stock.

2. Enforcement.

2.1 All
remedies, either under this Agreement or by law or otherwise afforded to any Party, shall be cumulative and not alternative. Each
Party acknowledges and agrees that each Party hereto will be irreparably damaged in the event any of the provisions of this Agreement
are not performed by the Parties in accordance with their specific terms or are otherwise breached. Accordingly, it is agreed
that each of the Parties shall be entitled to an injunction to prevent breaches of this Agreement, and to specific enforcement
of this Agreement and its terms and provisions in any action instituted in any court of the United States or any state having
subject matter jurisdiction, in addition to any other remedy to which any Party is entitled at law or in equity. In the event
that any action shall be brought in equity to enforce the provisions of this Agreement, no Party shall allege, and each Party
hereby waives the defense, that there is an adequate remedy at law, and each Party agrees to waive any requirement for the securing
or posting of any bond in connection therewith.

3. Term
and Termination. This Agreement shall be effective as of
the date hereof and shall continue in effect until and shall terminate upon the earliest to occur of (a) the date upon which the
stockholders of the Company, in any annual, special or adjourned meeting of stockholders, or pursuant to any written consent,
approve the matters contemplated by Section 1 and (b) the termination of this Agreement in accordance with Section 5.8 below.

4. Representations
and Warranties of Series A Stockholders. Each Series A Stockholder hereby represents and
warrants severally and not jointly to the Company as follows:

4.1 (i)
such Series A Stockholder is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which
it is incorporated, organized or constituted, (ii) such Series A Stockholder has all necessary power and authority to execute
and deliver this Agreement, to perform such Series A Stockholders obligations hereunder and to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby, and (iii) the execution and delivery of this Agreement, performance of such Series A Stockholders
obligations hereunder and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all necessary
action on the part of such Series A Stockholder and no other proceedings on the part of such Series A Stockholder are necessary
to authorize this Agreement, or to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby;

4.2 this
Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by or on behalf of such Series A Stockholder and assuming this Agreement constitutes
a valid and binding agreement of the Company, constitutes a valid and binding agreement with respect to such Series A Stockholder,
enforceable against such Series A Stockholder in accordance with its terms, except as enforcement may be limited by general principles
of equity whether applied in a court of law or a court of equity and by bankruptcy, insolvency and similar Laws affecting creditors
rights and remedies generally;

2

4.3 none
of the Securities held by such Series A Stockholder are subject to any voting trust or other agreement, arrangement or restriction
with respect to the voting of the Securities that restrict such Series A Stockholders ability to perform its obligations
set forth in this Agreement, except as contemplated by this Agreement;

4.4 the
execution and delivery of this Agreement by such Series A Stockholder does not, and the performance by such Series A Stockholder
of its obligations hereunder and the compliance by such Series A Stockholder with any provisions hereof will not, violate or conflict
with, result in a material breach of or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become
a material default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement,
instrument, note, bond, mortgage, contract, lease, license, permit or other obligation or any order, arbitration award, judgment
or decree to which such Series A Stockholder is a party or by which such Series A Stockholder is bound, or any law, statute, rule
or regulation to which such Series A Stockholder is subject or any organizational document of such Series A Stockholder; except
for any of the foregoing as would not reasonably be expected to prevent or delay the performance by such Series A Stockholder
of its obligations under this Agreement in any material respect;

4.5 the
execution and delivery of this Agreement by such Series A Stockholder does not, and the performance of this Agreement by such
Series A Stockholder does not and will not, require any consent, approval, authorization or permit of, or filing with or notification
to, any governmental body by such Series A Stockholder except for applicable requirements, if any, of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act), and except where the failure to obtain such consents, approvals, authorizations
or permits, or to make such filings or notifications, would not prevent or delay the performance by such Series A Stockholder
of its obligations under this Agreement in any material respect; and

4.6 as
of the date of this Agreement, there is no legal proceeding pending or, to the knowledge of such Series A Stockholder, threatened
against such Series A Stockholder that would reasonably be expected to prevent or delay the performance by such Series A Stockholder
of its obligations under this Agreement in any material respect.

5. Miscellaneous.

5.1 Not
a Group; Independent Nature of Series A Stockholders Obligations and Rights.

(a) 
The Series A Stockholders and the Company agree that the arrangements contemplated by this Agreement are not intended to constitute
the formation of a group (as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act). Each Series A Stockholder agrees
that, for purposes of determining beneficial ownership of such Series A Stockholder, it shall disclaim any beneficial ownership
by virtue of this Agreement of the Companys Common Stock owned by the other Series A Stockholders, and the Company agrees
to recognize such disclaimer in its reports under the Exchange Act and the 1933 Securities Act, as amended. The obligations of
each Series A Stockholder under this Agreement are several and not joint with the obligations of any other Series A Stockholder,
and no Series A Stockholder shall be responsible in any way for the performance of the obligations of any other Series A Stockholder
under this Agreement.

3

5.2 Transfers.
Each transferee or assignee of any shares of Common Stock or Series A Preferred Stock (including shares of Common Stock issued
upon the conversion thereof) shall continue to be subject to the terms hereof, and, as a condition precedent to the Companys
recognition of such transfer, each transferee or assignee shall agree in writing to be subject to each of the terms of this Agreement
by executing and delivering an Adoption Agreement substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A. Upon the execution and
delivery of an Adoption Agreement by any transferee, such transferee shall be deemed to be a party hereto as if such transferee
were the transferor and such transferees signature appeared on the signature pages of this Agreement and shall be deemed
to be a Series A Stockholder. The Company shall not permit the transfer of the shares of Common Stock or Series A Preferred Stock
(including shares of Common Stock issued upon the conversion thereof) subject to this Agreement on its books or issue a new certificate
representing any such shares unless and until such transferee shall have complied with the terms of this Section 5.2. Each certificate,
instrument, or book entry representing such shares subject to this Agreement if issued on or after the date of this Agreement
shall be notated by the Company with the legend set forth in Section 5.12.

5.3 Successors
and Assigns. The terms and conditions of this Agreement
shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the respective successors and assigns of the parties. Each representation, warranty,
covenant and agreement of each Series A Stockholder hereunder is being made also for the benefit of the Investors, and each Investor
shall be entitled to enforce such matters as a third-party beneficiary under this Agreement. Except as contemplated by the foregoing
sentence in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer upon any party other than the parties hereto or their respective
successors and assigns any rights, remedies, obligations, or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement, except as expressly
provided in this Agreement.

5.4 Governing
Law and Venue; Service of Process; Waiver of Jury Trial.

(a) 
This Agreement, and all claims or causes of action based upon, arising out of, or related to this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated hereby, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the Laws of the State of Delaware, without giving
effect to principles or rules of conflicts of laws to the extent such principles or rules are not mandatorily applicable and would
require or permit the application of the laws of another jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware.

(b) In
addition, each of the parties (i) consents to submit itself, and hereby submits itself, to the personal jurisdiction of the Court
of Chancery of the State of Delaware or, if such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction, any state or federal court located
in the State of Delaware having subject matter jurisdiction, in the event any dispute arises out of this Agreement or any of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (ii) shall not attempt to deny or defeat such personal jurisdiction by motion or
other request for leave from any such court, and agrees not to plead or claim any objection to the laying of venue in any such
court or that any judicial proceeding in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum, (iii) shall not bring any action
relating to this Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement in any court other than the Court of Chancery
of the State of Delaware or, if such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction, any state or federal court located in the
State of Delaware having subject matter jurisdiction, and (iv) consents to service of process being made through the notice procedures
set forth in Section 5.7.

4

(c) EACH
OF THE PARTIES HEREBY KNOWINGLY, INTENTIONALLY, VOLUNTARILY AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION
BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

5.5 Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together
shall constitute one and the same instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf or any
electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method
and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes.

5.6 Titles
and Subtitles. The titles and subtitles used in this Agreement
are used for convenience only and are not to be considered in construing or interpreting this Agreement.

5.7 Notices.

(a) All
notices and other communications given or made pursuant to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively
given upon the earlier of actual receipt or (a) personal delivery to the party to be notified, (b) when sent, if sent by electronic
mail or facsimile during normal business hours of the recipient, and if not sent during normal business hours, then on the recipients
next business day, (c) five days after having been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid,
or (d) one business day after the business day of deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, freight prepaid, specifying
next business day delivery, with written verification of receipt; provided, however, that notice may only be deemed delivered
to a Series A Stockholder which is not located in the United States upon the earlier to occur of (x) actual receipt of such notice
or (y) four days after notice has been provided through the deposit with a next day air courier of such notice, with postage and
fees prepaid and addressed to such Series A Stockholder entitled to such notice. All communications shall be sent to the respective
parties at their address, electronic mail address or facsimile number as set forth on the signature pages hereto or to
such email address, facsimile number or address as subsequently modified by written notice given in accordance with this Section
5.7. If notice is given to the Company, it shall be sent to 447 Sutter St. Suite 405, #542 San Francisco, CA 94108, Attention:
Legal Department.

(b) Each
Series A Stockholder consents to the delivery of any stockholder notice pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law (the
DGCL), as amended or superseded from time to time, by electronic transmission pursuant to Section
232 of the DGCL (or any successor thereto) at the electronic mail address or the facsimile number set forth below such Series
A Stockholders name on the signature pages hereto, as updated from time to time by notice to the Company, if such Series
A Stockholder has provided an electronic mail address or facsimile number to the Company for notice purposes. To the extent that
any notice given by means of electronic transmission is returned or undeliverable for any reason, the foregoing consent shall
be deemed to have been revoked until a new or corrected electronic mail address has been provided, and such attempted electronic
notice shall be ineffective and deemed to not have been given. Each Series A Stockholder agrees to promptly notify the Company
of any change in such stockholders electronic mail address, and that failure to do so shall not affect the foregoing.

5

5.8 Consent
Required to Amend, Modify, Terminate or Waive. With respect
to any Series A Stockholder, this Agreement may be amended, modified or terminated (other than pursuant to Section 3) and
the observance of any term hereof may be waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either retroactively or prospectively)
only by a written instrument executed by the Company and such Series A Stockholder. 

5.9 Delays
or Omissions. No delay or omission to exercise any right,
power or remedy accruing to any party under this Agreement, upon any breach or default of any other party under this Agreement,
shall impair any such right, power or remedy of such non-breaching or non-defaulting party nor shall it be construed to be a waiver
of any such breach or default, or an acquiescence therein, or of or in any similar breach or default thereafter occurring; nor
shall any waiver of any single breach or default be deemed a waiver of any other breach or default previously or thereafter occurring.
Any waiver, permit, consent or approval of any kind or character on the part of any party of any breach or default under this
Agreement, or any waiver on the part of any party of any provisions or conditions of this Agreement, must be in writing and shall
be effective only to the extent specifically set forth in such writing. All remedies, either under this Agreement or by law or
otherwise afforded to any party, shall be cumulative and not alternative.

5.10 Severability.
The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision hereof shall in no way affect the validity or enforceability of any other
provision.

5.11 Entire
Agreement. This Agreement (including the exhibits hereto)
constitutes the full and entire understanding and agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and
any other written or oral agreement relating to the subject matter hereof existing between the parties is expressly canceled.

5.12 Share
Certificate Legend. Each certificate, instrument, or book
entry representing any shares of Common Stock or Series A Preferred Stock (including shares of Common Stock issued upon the conversion
thereof) issued during the term of this Agreement shall be notated with a legend reading substantially as follows:

THE
SHARES REPRESENTED HEREBY ARE SUBJECT TO A VOTING SUPPORT AGREEMENT, AS MAY BE AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME, (A COPY OF WHICH MAY
BE OBTAINED UPON WRITTEN REQUEST FROM THE COMPANY), AND BY ACCEPTING ANY INTEREST IN SUCH SHARES THE PERSON ACCEPTING SUCH INTEREST
SHALL BE DEEMED TO AGREE TO AND SHALL BECOME BOUND BY ALL THE PROVISIONS OF THAT VOTING AGREEMENT, INCLUDING CERTAIN RESTRICTIONS
ON TRANSFER AND OWNERSHIP SET FORTH THEREIN.

6

The
parties to this Agreement do hereby agree that the failure to cause the certificates, instruments or book entry evidencing the
shares of Common Stock or Series A Preferred Stock (including shares of Common Stock issued upon the conversion thereof) to be
notated with the legend as may be required by this Section 5.12 herein as provided hereunder shall not affect the validity
or enforcement of this Agreement.

5.13 Stock Splits, Stock Dividends, etc.
In the event of any issuance of shares of Preferred Stock, Common Stock or other voting securities of the Company hereafter
to a Series A Stockholder (including, without limitation, in connection with any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization,
reorganization, or the like), such shares of Series A Preferred Stock, Common Stock or other voting securities shall become subject
to this Agreement and shall be notated with the legend set forth in Section 5.12.

5.14 Manner
of Voting. The voting of shares of Common Stock or shares
of Preferred Stock pursuant to this Agreement may be effected in person, by proxy, by written consent or in any other manner permitted
by applicable law. For the avoidance of doubt, voting of the shares of Common Stock or Series A Preferred Stock pursuant to this
Agreement need not make explicit reference to the terms of this Agreement.

5.15 Further
Assurances. At any time or from time to time after the
date hereof, the parties agree to cooperate with each other, and at the request of any other party, to execute and deliver
any further instruments or documents and to take all such further action as the other party may reasonably request in order
to carry out the intent of the parties hereunder.

5.16 Costs
and Expenses. Each party to this Agreement will pay its
own costs and expenses (including legal, accounting and other fees) relating to the negotiation, execution, delivery and
performance of this Agreement.

5.17 Waiver.
Each Series A Stockholder hereby waives any and all rights that it may have pursuant to Section 5.12 of the Securities Purchase
Agreement between the Company and the purchasers whose names and addresses who are set forth on the signature pages thereof, entered
into as of August 13, 2024 (the Prior Preferred SPA) with respect
to the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement and the issuance of the Warrants. Each Series A Stockholder further
unconditionally and irrevocably waives any prior or future breach of Section 5.7 or Article 7 of the Prior Preferred SPA so long
as the Company complies with such covenants under the Prior Preferred SPA in the time periods contemplated by for the analogous
covenants under the Purchase Agreement.

[Remainder
of Page Intentionally Left Blank]

7

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Voting Support Agreement as of the date first written above.

Company:

SONDER
HOLDINGS INC., a Delaware corporation

Name: Francis Davidson

Title: Chief Executive Officer

SIGNATURE
PAGE TO VOTING SUPPORT AGREEMENT

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Voting Support Agreement as of the date first written above.

Series
A Stockholder:

[Print
Full Name of Entity or Individual]

By: 

[Signature]

Name: 

[If signing on behalf of entity]

Title: 

[If signing on behalf of entity]

Address:

Telephone: 

Email: 

Common Stock Owned: 

Series
A Preferred Stock Owned:

SIGNATURE
PAGE TO VOTING SUPPORT AGREEMENT

EXHIBIT
A

ADOPTION AGREEMENT

This
Adoption Agreement (Adoption Agreement) is executed on ___________________, 2025, by the undersigned
(the Holder) pursuant to the terms of that certain Voting Support Agreement dated as of April 11,
2025 (the Agreement), by and among the Company and the Series A Stockholders on the signature pages
thereto, as such Agreement may be amended or amended and restated hereafter. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Adoption
Agreement shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in the Agreement. By the execution of this Adoption Agreement,
the Holder agrees as follows.

1.1 Acknowledgement.
Holder acknowledges that Holder is acquiring certain shares of the capital stock of the Company (the Stock),
as a transferee of shares of Common Stock or Series A Preferred Stock from a party in such partys capacity as a Series
A Stockholder bound by the Agreement, and after such transfer, Holder shall be considered a Series A Stockholder for all purposes
of the Agreement.

1.2 Agreement.
Holder hereby (a) agrees that the Stock and any other shares of capital stock or securities required by the Agreement to be
bound thereby, shall be bound by and subject to the terms of the Agreement and (b) adopts the Agreement with the same force and
effect as if Holder were originally a party thereto.

1.3 Notice.
Any notice required or permitted by the Agreement shall be given to Holder at the address or facsimile number listed below
Holders signature hereto.

HOLDER: ACCEPTED AND AGREED:

By: SONDER HOLDINGS INC.

Name and Title of Signatory: By: 

Name: 

Address: Title: 

Phone: 

Email: 

A-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>g084774_ex10-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10-3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

WAIVER,
CONSENT AND SIXTH AMENDMENT

This
WAIVER, CONSENT AND SIXTH AMENDMENT, dated as of April 11, 2025 (this Agreement), is entered into
by and among Sonder Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation (Parent), Sonder Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company, Sonder USA Inc., a Delaware corporation, Sonder Hospitality USA Inc., a Delaware corporation (collectively,
the Note Obligor or Note Obligors), the Guarantors, the Investors party hereto (the
Required Investors) and Alter Domus (US) LLC, as collateral agent (Agent). Capitalized
terms not otherwise defined in this Agreement shall have the meanings assigned thereto in the Note Purchase Agreement (as defined
below).

WHEREAS,
reference is made to that certain Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 10, 2021, by and among the Note Obligors,
the guarantors party thereto and the investors listed on the signature pages thereto (as amended by that certain Omnibus Amendment,
dated as of December 21, 2022, that certain Second Omnibus Amendment, dated as of November 6, 2023, that certain Waiver, Forbearance
and Third Amendment, dated as of June 10, 2024 (the Third Amendment), that certain Fourth Amendment, dated
as of July 12, 2024, and that certain Waiver, Consent and Fifth Amendment, dated as of August 13, 2024 (the Fifth Amendment)
(as the same has been and may from time to time be further amended, modified, supplemented or restated, the Note Purchase
Agreement);

WHEREAS,
reference is made to those certain Securities Purchase Agreements (the Securities Purchase Agreements) dated
as of April 11, 2025, by and between Parent and the purchasers party thereto related to the purchase of approximately $17.5 million
of Parents Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Series A Convertible Preferred
Stock);

WHEREAS,
the Defaults or Events of Default specified on Schedule A hereto have occurred (such Defaults and Events of Default, the
Sixth Amendment Waived Matters);

WHEREAS,
the Note Obligors have requested that the Investors party hereto (which, for the avoidance of doubt, comprise all of the Investors)
(a) consent with respect to the consummation of the Securities Purchase Agreements, (b) waive the Sixth Amendment Waived Matters,
(c) amend certain terms of the Note Purchase Agreement and Notes and (d) cancel and forgive a portion of the outstanding principal
amount of the Notes equal to fifteen percent (15%) of the sum of (i) the aggregate principal amount (including all PIK Interest,
Applicable Bridge OID (PIK), Applicable First Additional Bridge OID (PIK) and Applicable Second Additional Funding OID (PIK) that
has been capitalized as principal on or prior to the date hereof) outstanding under the Notes on the date hereof, plus (ii) all
accrued but unpaid interest on the Notes as of the date hereof, and discharge the Note Obligors from the Obligations associated
with such cancelled amount, including but not limited to the future interest and fees associated with such cancelled amount.

NOW
THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties
hereto agree as follows:

SECTION
I. ACKNOWLEDGMENTS

1.01 Acknowledgments.
Each Note Obligor hereby acknowledges and agrees, upon execution and delivery of this Agreement, subject to the terms set forth
herein, that:

(a) (i)
Each Note Obligor expects to receive substantial direct and indirect benefits as a result of this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby, (ii) the guarantees provided by and Liens granted by such Note Obligor as collateral security for the Indebtedness,
obligations and liabilities of such Note Obligor evidenced by the Note Purchase Agreement and the other Transaction Documents
pursuant to, each of the Transaction Documents to which such Note Obligor is a party shall not be impaired and shall continue
to be in full force and effect, and (iii) each of the Transaction Documents to which such Note Obligor is a party is, and shall
continue to be, in full force and effect in all respects;

(b) Each
Note Obligor agrees that the Transaction Documents constitute (and as modified by this Agreement shall continue to constitute)
valid and binding obligations and agreements of each Note Obligor enforceable against each Note Obligor in accordance with their
respective terms except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable Laws and by general principles of equity and principles
of good faith and fair dealing;

(c) Subject
to the terms of this Agreement, Agent has not waived, released or compromised, and does not hereby waive, release or compromise,
and may never waive, release or compromise any events, occurrences, acts, or omissions that may constitute or give rise to any
Defaults or Events of Default that existed or may have existed, or may presently exist, or may arise in the future (other than
with respect to the matters specifically waived pursuant to the Third Amendment and the Fifth Amendment (the Previously
Waived Matters) and the Sixth Amendment Waived Matters);

(d) The
execution and delivery of this Agreement shall not: (i) constitute an extension, modification, or waiver of any aspect of any
of the Transaction Documents (except as specifically and expressly set forth herein); (ii) [reserved]; (iii) give rise to any
obligation on the part of Agent to extend, modify or waive any term or condition of the Transaction Documents (except as specifically
and expressly set forth herein); (iv) establish any course of dealing with respect to the Transaction Documents; or (v) give rise
to any defenses or counterclaims to the right of Agent to compel payment of the Obligations or otherwise enforce its rights and
remedies set forth in the Transaction Documents; and

(e) This
Waiver (as defined below) and consent herein by Agent shall not, except as expressly provided herein, invalidate, impair, negate
or otherwise affect Agents ability to exercise its rights and remedies under the Transaction Documents or otherwise, and
Agent shall be free to exercise any or all rights or remedies.

SECTION
II. AMENDMENTS

2.01 Subject
to the satisfaction of the terms and conditions set forth in Section 6.01, the Note Purchase Agreement is hereby amended as follows:

(a) the
Note Purchase Agreement (excluding the schedules, exhibits, annexes and signature pages thereto, but including Appendix I) is
hereby amended (a) to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following examples:
stricken text and stricken text) and (b) to add
the double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following examples:
double-underlined text and double-underlined text), in each case, as
set forth in the marked copy of the Note Purchase Agreement attached hereto as Annex A (and any formatting changes
reflected therein shall be deemed to be inserted and reflected in the text of the Note Purchase Agreement).

(b) Exhibit
A of the Note Purchase Agreement (the Subordinated Secured Note) is hereby amended (a) to delete the stricken text
(indicated textually in the same manner as the following examples: stricken
text and stricken text) and (b) to add the
double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following examples:
double-underlined text and double-underlined text), in each case, as
set forth in the marked copy of the Form of Amended and Restated Subordinated Secured Note attached hereto as Annex B
(and any formatting changes reflected therein shall be deemed to be inserted and reflected in the text of the Form of Amended
and Restated Subordinated Secured Note).

(c) Exhibit
A-1 of the Note Purchase Agreement (the Form of Subordinated Secured Bridge Note) is hereby amended (a) to delete the stricken
text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following examples: stricken text
and stricken text) and (b) to add the double-underlined text (indicated textually
in the same manner as the following examples: double-underlined text and double-underlined
text), in each case, as set forth in the marked copy of the Form of Amended and Restated Subordinated Secured Bridge
Note attached hereto as Annex C (and any formatting changes reflected therein shall be deemed to be inserted and reflected
in the text of the Form of Amended and Restated Subordinated Secured Bridge Note).

(d) Exhibit
A-2 of the Note Purchase Agreement (the Form of Subordinated Secured First Additional Bridge Note) is hereby amended (a) to delete
the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following examples: stricken
text and stricken text) and (b) to add the double-underlined
text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following examples: double-underlined text
and double-underlined text), in each case, as set forth in the marked
copy of the Form of Amended and Restated Subordinated Secured First Additional Bridge Note attached hereto as Annex D (and
any formatting changes reflected therein shall be deemed to be inserted and reflected in the text of the Form of Amended and Restated
Subordinated Secured First Additional Bridge Note).

(e) Exhibit
A-3 of the Note Purchase Agreement (the Form of Subordinated Secured Second Additional Note) is hereby amended (a) to delete the
stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following examples: stricken
text and stricken text) and (b) to add the double-underlined
text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following examples: double-underlined text
and double-underlined text), in each case, as set forth in the marked
copy of the Form of Amended and Restated Subordinated Secured Second Additional Note attached hereto as Annex E (and any
formatting changes reflected therein shall be deemed to be inserted and reflected in the text of the Form of Amended and Restated
Subordinated Secured Second Additional Note).

(f) The
schedules to the Note Purchase Agreement are hereby amended by adding Schedule V, attached hereto as Annex F, as Schedule
V to the Note Purchase Agreement.

As
of the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date, the outstanding Notes issued prior to the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date shall be amended
and restated consistent with Exhibit A of the Note Purchase Agreement (as amended by this Agreement), the Bridge Notes shall be
amended and restated consistent with Exhibit A-1 of the Note Purchase Agreement (as amended by this Agreement), the First Additional
Bridge Notes shall be amended and restated consistent with Exhibit A-2 of the Note Purchase Agreement (as amended by this Agreement)
and the Second Additional Notes shall be amended and restated consistent with Exhibit A-3 of the Note Purchase Agreement (as amended
by this Agreement).

SECTION
III. WAIVER AND CONSENT

3.01 Waiver.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and any documents or instruments executed in connection herewith, each
of the Agent and the Investors party hereto (which, for the avoidance of doubt, comprise all of the Investors) hereby permanently
waive in full any non-compliance that has resulted on or prior to the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date from the Sixth Amendment
Waived Matters under each of the Notes and the other Transaction Documents and absolutely and unconditionally release and forever
discharge all present and future claims and rights against the Note Obligors arising under the Note Purchase Agreement in respect
of any such Sixth Amendment Waived Matters (the Waiver).

3.02 Consent.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and any documents or instruments executed in connection herewith, each
of the Agent and the Investors party hereto (which, for the avoidance of doubt, comprise all of the Investors) hereby provide
express consent for the Note Obligors to enter into and consummate the Securities Purchase Agreements and issue the Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock pursuant to the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreements.

3.03 Acknowledgement.
EACH NOTE OBLIGOR HEREBY AGREES AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT EACH OF AGENT AND THE INVESTORS WILL REQUIRE STRICT PERFORMANCE BY EACH
NOTE OBLIGOR OF ALL OF THEIR RESPECTIVE OBLIGATIONS, AGREEMENTS AND COVENANTS CONTAINED IN THE NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT AND ANY
OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS, AND NO INACTION OR ACTION BY AGENT OR THE INVESTORS REGARDING ANY DEFAULT OR EVENT OF DEFAULT (OTHER
THAN THE PREVIOUSLY WAIVED MATTERS AND SIXTH AMENDMENT WAIVED MATTERS) IS INTENDED TO BE OR SHALL BE A WAIVER THEREOF. EACH NOTE
OBLIGOR HEREBY ALSO AGREES AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE WAIVER IS A ONE-TIME WAIVER RELATED SOLELY TO THE WAIVED DEFAULTS AND THAT
NO COURSE OF DEALING AND NO DELAY IN EXERCISING ANY RIGHT, POWER OR REMEDY CONFERRED TO AGENT IN THE NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT OR
IN ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS OR NOW OR HEREAFTER EXISTING AT LAW, IN EQUITY, BY STATUTE OR OTHERWISE SHALL OPERATE AS A
WAIVER OF OR OTHERWISE PREJUDICE ANY SUCH RIGHT, POWER OR REMEDY, OTHER THAN AS SPECIFIED HEREIN WITH RESPECT TO THE SIXTH AMENDMENT
WAIVED MATTERS.

SECTION
IV. OTHER AGREEMENTS

4.01 Payment
of Expenses. Each Note Obligor, jointly and severally, agrees to pay and reimburse:

(a) the
Required Investors for all reasonable documented accrued and unpaid out-of-pocket fees and expenses of the Required Investors
associated with performance of due diligence, compliance, structuring, negotiation, documentation and closing of (i) this Agreement,
(ii) further amendments, modifications, or supplements to the Transaction Documents, and (iii) any restructuring or prospective
restructuring undertaken or contemplated to be undertaken by the Note Obligors related to the Transaction Documents, in each case,
including the costs, fees and expenses of one primary counsel, one financial advisor and one local counsel in each applicable
jurisdiction.

(b) Agent
all amounts due under the Collateral Agency Agreement and the Fee Letter (including all reasonable documented accrued and unpaid
out-of-pocket fees and expenses of the Agent associated with this Agreement) when such amounts become due.

4.02 Loan
Document. This Agreement is a Transaction Document for the purposes of the provisions of the other Transaction
Documents.

4.03 Release.
Each Note Obligor (for itself and its Subsidiaries and affiliates and the successors, assigns, heirs and representatives of each
of the foregoing) (collectively, the Releasors) does hereby fully, finally, unconditionally and irrevocably
release, waive and forever discharge each of the Agent and each of the Required Investors, together with each of their respective
affiliates, and each of the directors, officers, members, shareholders, employees, agents, attorneys, advisors, and consultants
of each of the foregoing (collectively, the Released Parties), from any and all debts, claims, allegations,
obligations, damages, costs, attorneys fees, suits, demands, liabilities, actions, proceedings and causes of action, in
each case, whether known or unknown, contingent or fixed, direct or indirect, and of whatever nature or description, and whether
in law or in equity, under contract, tort, statute or otherwise, which any Releasor has heretofore had or now or hereafter can,
shall or may have against any Released Party by reason of any act, omission or thing whatsoever done or omitted to be done, in
each case, on or prior to the date hereof arising out of, connected with or related to this Agreement, the Note Purchase Agreement,
or any other Transaction Document, or any act, event or transaction related or attendant thereto, or the agreements of any Required
Investor contained therein, or the possession, use, operation or control of any of the assets of any Note Obligor. Each Note Obligor
represents and warrants that it has no knowledge of any claim by any Releasor against any Released Party or of any facts or acts
or omissions of any Released Party which on the date hereof would be the basis of a claim by any Releasor against any Released
Party which would not be released hereby.

4.04 Partial
Cancellations of Notes. As of the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date, the Investors hereby cancel and forgive portions
of the outstanding Notes on a pro rata basis in amounts equal to fifteen percent (15%) of the sum of (i) the aggregate principal
amount (including all PIK Interest, Applicable Bridge OID (PIK), Applicable First Additional Bridge OID (PIK) and Applicable Second
Additional Funding OID (PIK) that has been capitalized as principal on or prior to the date hereof) outstanding under the Notes
on the date hereof, plus (ii) all accrued but unpaid interest on the Notes as of the date hereof. As of the Amendment No. 6 Effective
Date, after giving effect to this Section 4.04, the outstanding principal balance of the Notes issued to each of the Investors
shall be the amounts specified on Annex G attached hereto.

4.05 Exercise
Limitation. Notwithstanding anything in the Note Purchase Agreement or this Agreement, each Investor acknowledges and
agrees that no Investor will be entitled to purchase and receive shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Sixth Amendment
Warrants unless and until Parent obtains the requisite stockholder approval under Section 5635 of Nasdaqs Listed Company
Manual and obtains stockholder approval to increase the number of authorized shares of Common Stock (Stockholder Approval),
in which case, the limitation pursuant to this Section 4.05 would no longer apply to the Investors. Furthermore, each Investor
acknowledges and agrees that Parent will not increase its Common Stock share reserve with Parents transfer agent to include
the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Sixth Amendment Warrants and waives any actual or potential breach resulting
therefrom provided that Parent so increases such Common Stock share reserve promptly following Parent obtaining the Stockholder
Approval.

SECTION
V. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

In
consideration of the foregoing agreements, each Note Obligor jointly and severally hereby represent and warrant to Agent, as follows:

5.01 after
giving effect to this Agreement, all representations and warranties made in the Note Purchase Agreement and the other Transaction
Documents made by it that have no materiality or material adverse effect qualification are true and correct in all material respects,
and the representations and warranties in the Note Purchase Agreement and in the Transaction Documents that have a materiality
or material adverse effect qualification are true and correct in all respects, in each case with the same effect as though made
on and as of the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date or, to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier
date, as of such earlier date, in each case, other than any such representation and warranty regarding no Default or Event of
Default solely as a result of the Waived Defaults, the Previously Waived Matters or the Forbearance Matters (as defined in the
Third Amendment);

5.02 after
giving effect to this Agreement no Default or Event of Default exists and is continuing as of the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date;

5.03 the
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement are within the Note Obligors corporate, limited liability company,
partnership or other organizational powers, as applicable, and have been duly authorized by appropriate organizational and governing
action and proceedings;

5.04 each
person who is executing this Agreement on behalf of the Note Obligors has the full power, authority and legal right to do so,
and this Agreement has been duly executed by such person and delivered to Agent; and

5.05 this
Agreement is the legal, valid and binding obligation of each Note Obligor, enforceable against such Note Obligor in accordance
with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors
rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at
law.

SECTION
VI. MISCELLANEOUS

6.01 Condition
Precedent to Effectiveness of this Agreement. This Agreement shall become effective on the date of satisfaction of each
of the following conditions (the date on which such conditions are satisfied, the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date):

(a) Agent
shall have received a fully executed copy of this Agreement, duly executed by the Note Obligors and all of the Investors.

(b) Agent
shall have received payment and reimbursement from the Note Obligors for all of its reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs
and expenses of counsel for which invoices have been presented to the Note Obligors at least one Business Day prior to the Amendment
No. 6 Effective Date (or such later time as may be reasonably acceptable to the Note Obligors).

(c) Each
Investor shall have received a Sixth Amendment Warrant, in the form attached as Annex H hereto, duly executed by Parent.

(d) Agent
shall have received a fully executed copy of that certain Consent, Waiver and Sixth Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement,
by and among the Note Obligors and Silicon Valley Bank, dated as of the date hereof, which enables the amendments contemplated
by this Agreement, duly executed by the Note Obligors.

(e) The
Note Obligors shall have obtained any necessary approvals by each Note Obligors Board of Directors, the Note Obligors
stockholders or applicable third parties.

(f) Each
Investor shall have received reasonable assurance that Parent shall receive $7,500,000 of Key Money (as defined in the Marriott
License Agreement) pursuant to the Marriott License Agreement substantially concurrently with this Agreement.

(g) Agent
shall have received fully executed copies of the Securities Purchase Agreements, duly executed by the Parent and the purchasers
party thereto, and the sale and issuance of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock shall be consummated substantially concurrently
with this Agreement.

6.02 Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed and delivered in any number of counterparts with the same effect as if the signatures on each counterpart
were upon the same instrument. Any counterpart delivered by facsimile or by other electronic method of transmission shall be deemed
an original signature thereto. The words delivery, execute, execution, signed,
signature, and words of like import in this Agreement or any other document executed in connection herewith shall
be deemed to include electronic signatures, the electronic matching of assignment terms and contract formations on electronic
platforms approved by Agent, or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity
or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system,
as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable Law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global
and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on
the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act; provided that notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, Agent is under
no obligation to agree to accept electronic signatures in any form or in any format unless expressly agreed to by Agent pursuant
to procedures approved by it; provided further without limiting the foregoing, upon the request of Agent, any electronic signature
shall be promptly followed by such manually executed counterpart.

6.03 Choice
of Law and Venue; Judicial Reference. Section 10(e) of the Note Purchase Agreement is hereby incorporated by reference,
mutatis mutandis.

6.04 Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon each of the Note Obligors, Required Investors, Agent and their respective
successors and assigns, and shall inure to the benefit of each such person and their permitted successors and assigns.

6.05 Headings.
Section headings in this Agreement are included herein for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part of this
Agreement for any other purpose.

6.06 Amendment.
This Agreement may only be amended or modified in writing by the parties hereto, subject to any additional requirements under
the Note Purchase Agreement, if applicable. Where a written consent is required pursuant to or contemplated by this Agreement,
such written consent shall be deemed to have occurred if it is conveyed in writing (including email) between counsel of the Note
Obligors and the Required Investors, with a copy sent to Agent (or consented to by Agent in writing if Agents consent is
needed).

6.07 Certain
Acknowledgments. Each Note Obligor hereby ratifies and reaffirms the validity and enforceability of all of the Liens and
security interests heretofore granted and pledged by such Note Obligor pursuant to the Security and Pledge Agreement and the other
Collateral Documents to the Agent as collateral security for the Obligations, and acknowledges that all of such Liens and security
interests, and all Collateral heretofore granted, pledged or otherwise created as security for the Obligations continue to be
and remain collateral security for the Obligations from and after the date hereof. Each Note Obligor hereby acknowledges and agrees
that the Note Purchase Agreement, the Security and Pledge Agreement and all other Transaction Documents remain in full force and
effect, and each Note Obligor confirms and ratifies all of its Obligations thereunder. Each Guarantor hereby agrees that the Guaranty
pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement shall continue in full force and effect, is valid and enforceable and is not impaired
or otherwise affected by the execution of this Agreement.

6.08 Miscellaneous.
Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein, nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to constitute an amendment, modification
or waiver of any provision of the Note Purchase Agreement or the Security Agreement nor shall anything contained herein be deemed
to imply any willingness of the Agent or Required Investors to agree to, or otherwise prejudice any rights of the Agent or Required
Investors with respect to, any similar amendments, consents, waivers or agreements that may be requested for any future period,
and this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of any other provision of the Transaction Documents or to permit any Note
Obligor to take any other action which is prohibited by the terms of the Note Purchase Agreement, the Security Agreement or the
other Transaction Documents. Each reference in the Note Purchase Agreement or any other Transaction Document to the Note Purchase
Agreement, this Agreement, hereunder, herein, hereof, thereunder,
therein, thereof, or words of like import referring to the Note Purchase Agreement or any other Transaction
Document shall mean and refer to such agreement as amended and supplemented by this Agreement.

6.09 No
Novation. Nothing herein contained shall be construed as a novation of any of the Transaction Documents or a substitution
or novation of the Obligations outstanding under the Transaction Documents or instruments guaranteeing or securing the same, which
instruments shall remain and continue in full force and effect. This Agreement, the Note Purchase Agreement, as amended hereby,
and the Notes, as amended hereby, shall not constitute a novation of any Transaction Document. Nothing expressed or implied in
this Agreement or any other document contemplated hereby shall be construed as a release or other discharge of any Note Obligor
under any Transaction Document from any of its obligations and liabilities thereunder, except as expressly provided herein, and
except as expressly provided herein, such obligations and liabilities are in all respects continuing with only the terms being
modified as provided in this Agreement.

6.10 Entire
Agreement. THIS AGREEMENT, THE NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS COLLECTIVELY REPRESENT THE
FINAL AGREEMENT BY AND AMONG THE PARTIES HERETO AND MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS, OR SUBSEQUENT
ORAL AGREEMENTS OF SUCH PARTIES. THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS BETWEEN OR AMONG THE PARTIES HERETO.

[SIGNATURE
PAGES FOLLOW]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized officers as
of the day and year first above written.

NOTE
OBLIGORS:

SONDER
HOLDINGS INC.,

a Delaware corporation

By: /s/ David Alan Watt 

Name:
David Alan Watt

Title:
Treasurer / Head of Treasury 

SONDER
HOLDINGS LLC,

a Delaware limited liability company

By: /s/ David Alan Watt 

Name:
David Alan Watt

Title:
Treasurer / Head of Treasury 

SONDER
USA INC., 

a Delaware corporation

By: /s/ David Alan Watt 

Name:
David Alan Watt

Title:
Treasurer / Head of Treasury 

SONDER
HOSPITALITY USA INC.,

a Delaware corporation

By: /s/ David Alan Watt 

Name:
David Alan Watt

Title:
Treasurer / Head of Treasury 

[Signature
Page to Sixth Amendment]

GUARANTORS:

SONDER
GROUP HOLDINGS LLC, 

a Delaware limited liability company

By: /s/ David Alan Watt 

Name:
David Alan Watt

Title:
Treasurer / Head of Treasury 

SONDER
TECHNOLOGY INC., 

a Delaware corporation

By: /s/ David Alan Watt 

Name:
David Alan Watt

Title:
Treasurer / Head of Treasury 

SONDER
HOSPITALITY HOLDINGS LLC,

a Delaware limited liability company

By: /s/ David Alan Watt 

Name:
David Alan Watt

Title:
Treasurer / Head of Treasury 

SONDER
PARTNER CO., 

a Delaware corporation

By: /s/ David Alan Watt 

Name:
David Alan Watt

Title:
Treasurer / Head of Treasury 

SONDER
GUEST SERVICES LLC,

a Washington limited liability company

By: /s/ David Alan Watt 

Name:
David Alan Watt

Title:
Treasurer / Head of Treasury 

[Signature
Page to Sixth Amendment]

AGENT:

ALTER
DOMUS (US) LLC

By: /s/ Pinju Chiu 

Name: Pinju Chiu 

Title: Associate Counsel

[Signature
Page to Sixth Amendment]

BLACKROCK
STRATEGIC INCOME OPPORTUNITIES PORTFOLIO OF BLACKROCK FUNDS V, as a Subordinated Claimholder

By:
BlackRock Advisors, LLC, its Investment Advisor

By: /s/ Henry Brennan 

Name: Henry Brennan

Title: Managing Director

BLACKROCK
GLOBAL ALLOCATION FUND, INC., as a Subordinated Claimholder

By:
BlackRock Advisors, LLC, its Investment Advisor

By: /s/ Henry Brennan 

Name: Henry Brennan

Title: Managing Director

BLACKROCK
CAPITAL ALLOCATION TERM TRUST, as a Subordinated Claimholder

By:
BlackRock Advisors, LLC, its Investment Advisor

By: /s/ Henry Brennan 

Name: Henry Brennan

Title: Managing Director

[Signature
Page to Sixth Amendment]

BLACKROCK
GLOBAL ALLOCATION V.I. FUND OF BLACKROCK VARIABLE SERIES FUNDS, INC., as a Subordinated Claimholder

By:
BlackRock Advisors, LLC, its Investment Advisor

By: /s/ Henry Brennan 

Name: Henry Brennan

Title: Managing Director

BLACKROCK
ESG CAPITAL ALLOCATION TERM TRUST, as a Subordinated Claimholder

By:
BlackRock Advisors, LLC, its Investment Advisor

By: /s/ Henry Brennan 

Name: Henry Brennan

Title: Managing Director

[Signature
Page to Sixth Amendment]

BLACKROCK
TOTAL RETURN BOND FUND, as a Subordinated Claimholder

By:
BlackRock Institutional Trust Company, NA, not in its individual capacity but as Trustee of the BlackRock Total Return Bond
Fund

By: /s/ Henry Brennan 

Name: Henry Brennan

Title: Managing Director

BLACKROCK
GLOBAL ALLOCATION COLLECTIVE FUND, as a Subordinated Claimholder

By:
BlackRock Institutional Trust Company, NA, not in its individual capacity but as Trustee of the BlackRock Total Return Bond
Fund 

By: /s/ Henry Brennan 

Name: Henry Brennan

Title: Managing Director

BLACKROCK
FUNDS TRUST II BLACKROCK BOND INCOME PORTFOLIO, as a Subordinated Claimholder

By:
BlackRock Advisors, LLC, its Investment Advisor

By: /s/ Henry Brennan 

Name: Henry Brennan

Title: Managing Director

[Signature
Page to Sixth Amendment]

BLACKROCK
GLOBAL LONG/SHORT CREDIT FUND OF BLACKROCK FUNDS IV, as a Subordinated Claimholder

By:
BlackRock Advisors, LLC, its Investment Advisor

By: /s/ Henry Brennan 

Name: Henry Brennan

Title: Managing Director

BLACKROCK
STRATEGIC GLOBAL BOND FUND, INC., as a Subordinated Claimholder

By:
BlackRock Advisors, LLC, its Advisor AND BlackRock International Limited, its Sub-Adviser; BlackRock (Singapore) Limited,
its Sub-Adviser 

By: /s/ Henry Brennan 

Name: Henry Brennan

Title: Managing Director

STRATEGIC
INCOME OPPORTUNITIES BOND FUND, as a Subordinated Claimholder

By:
BlackRock Institutional Trust Company, NA, not in its individual capacity but as Trustee of the Strategic Opportunities Bond
Fund 

By: /s/ Henry Brennan 

Name: Henry Brennan

Title: Managing Director

[Signature
Page to Sixth Amendment]

FOR
BLACKROCK INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED AS RESPONSIBLE ENTITY OF THE BLACKROCK GLOBAL ALLOCATION FUND (AUST).,
as a Subordinated Claimholder

By:
BlackRock Investment Management, LLC, its Sub-Investment Advisor 

By: /s/ Henry Brennan 

Name: Henry Brennan

Title: Managing Director

BLACKROCK
GLOBAL ALLOCATION PORTFOLIO OF BLACKROCK SERIES FUND, INC., as a Subordinated Claimholder

By:
BlackRock Advisors, LLC, its Investment Advisor 

By: /s/ Henry Brennan 

Name: Henry Brennan

Title: Managing Director

[Signature
Page to Sixth Amendment]

LVIP
BLACKROCK GLOBAL ALLOCATION FUND, as a Subordinated Claimholder

By:
BlackRock Investment Management, LLC its Sub-Advisor

By: /s/ Henry Brennan 

Name: Henry Brennan

Title: Managing Director

BLACKROCK
TOTAL RETURN FUND OF BLACKROCK BOND FUND, INC., as a Subordinated Claimholder

By:
BlackRock Financial Management, Inc., its Register Sub-Advisor 

By: /s/ Henry Brennan 

Name: Henry Brennan

Title: Managing Director

[Signature
Page to Sixth Amendment]

SENATOR
GLOBAL OPPORTUNITY MASTER FUND, L.P., as a Subordinated Claimholder

By:
Senator GP LLC, its General Partner 

By: /s/ Evan Gartenlaub 

Name: Evan Gartenlaub

Title: General Counsel

[Signature
Page to Sixth Amendment]

SCHEDULE
A

1. Any
failure of the Note Obligors to deliver (i) the 2024 annual audited consolidated financials to be delivered pursuant to Section
7(a)(i) of the Note Purchase Agreement, and (ii) the accompanying compliance certificate pursuant to Section 7(u), in each case
on or prior to 90 days from year end as required by Sections 7(a)(i) and 7(u) of the Note Purchase Agreement.

2. Any
failure of the Note Obligors to comply with the budget and variance reporting and requirements pursuant to Section 7(v) of the
Note Purchase Agreement.

3. Any
breach by the Note Obligors or their Subsidiaries with respect to the incurrence of unsecured Indebtedness in excess of the amounts
provided in Section 8(a)(xi)(A) of the Note Purchase Agreement at any time prior to the date hereof solely as a result of stretched
payables or deferred lease payments and so long as the Note Obligors are back in compliance with such clause at all times after
the date hereof.

4. Any
failure of the Note Obligors to provide notice to the Investors of any Default or Event of Default included on this Schedule
A that occurred prior to the date hereof in accordance with Section 7(b) of the Note Purchase Agreement.

5. Any
representation or warranty failing to be true and correct in all material respects on account of any Default or Event of Default
included on this Schedule A.

ANNEX
A

[Attached]

Conformed
for FifthSixth
Amendment

dated as of August 13April
11, 20242025

NOTE
AND WARRANT PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This
Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 10, 2021 (this Agreement, as the same may hereafter
be modified, supplemented, extended, amended, restated or amended and restated from time to time), is entered into by and among
Sonder Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation (Sonder Holdings), Sonder USA Inc., a Delaware corporation
(Sonder USA), Sonder Hospitality USA Inc., a Delaware corporation (Sonder Hospitality),
the Guarantors listed on the signature pages hereof, and the Persons listed on the schedule of investors attached hereto as Schedule
I (as updated from time to time in accordance with Section 10(d)) (each an Investor
and collectively, the Investors).

RECITALS

A. On
the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, each Investor is willing from time to time to purchase promissory notes
constituting obligations of the Note Obligors (as defined in Appendix 1 attached hereto) in up to the principal
amounts set forth opposite such Investors name on Schedule I, Schedule II, Schedule III and
Schedule IV hereto. In consideration of the Investors commitment to purchase the Notes and forfeit certain
warrants previously issued to such Investors as set forth in Schedule I hereto, each investor shall be issued a
warrant for the number of shares of common stock set forth opposite such Investors name on Schedule II hereto.

B. Capitalized
terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in Appendix 1 attached hereto.

AGREEMENT

NOW
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, and the representations, warranties, and conditions set forth below, the parties
hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:

1. The
Notes and Warrants.

(a) Issuance
of Notes. Subject to all of the terms and conditions hereof, the Note Obligors agree to issue and sell to each of the
Investors, and each of the Investors severally agrees to purchase, one or more Notes up to the principal amount of such Investors
Commitment; provided that, after giving effect to each such purchase and sale of Notes, the aggregate Original Principal Amounts
of all Notes issued to an Investor would not exceed the Commitment of such Investor set forth on Schedule I hereto.
From time to time, prior to the First Funding Event, the Company shall have the right to add Commitments from investors (Additional
Investors) reasonably acceptable to the Investors who are parties to this Agreement on the date hereof. Such Additional
Investors shall be added by way of a joinder to this Agreement which shall also amend and restate Schedule I to include
the Commitments of the Additional Investors and the number of Warrant Shares for each Additional Investor (determined as set forth
in Section 1(b)), and such Additional Investors shall also (i) execute and deliver to Collateral Agent a Joinder
Agreement (as defined in the Collateral Agency Agreement) and (ii) deliver to Collateral Agent and Notes Agent a completed
administrative questionnaire, tax forms, any know your customer documentation and other forms with respect to any
new Investors as may be required or requested by the Collateral Agent pursuant to the Collateral Agency Agreement. After compliance
with the foregoing and the entry of such Additional Investors on the Notes Register, such Additional Investors shall be Investors
hereunder. The obligations of the Investors to purchase Notes are several and not joint. The aggregate principal amount for all
Notes issued hereunder shall not exceed $240,000,000 plus any Increased Amount in respect of the Notes.

The
Increased Amount of any Indebtedness in the form of the
Notes shall mean any increase in the amount of such Indebtedness in connection with any accrual of interest, the accretion of
accreted value, the amortization of original issue discount, the payment of interest in the form of additional indebtedness with
the same terms, accretion of original issue discount or liquidation preference and increases in the amount of Indebtedness outstanding
solely as a result of fluctuations in the exchange rate of currencies or increases in the value of property securing such Indebtedness.

(b) Issuance
of Warrants.

(i) On
the date of the First Funding Event, Parent will execute and deliver to the Warrant Agent the Warrant Agreement in the form attached
hereto as Exhibit B (the Warrant Agreement) and issue to each Investor a warrant certificate,
in the form of Exhibit A to the Warrant Agreement (each, a Warrant and, collectively, the Warrants),
to purchase up to a number of shares of Common Stock of Parent set forth opposite each Investors name on Schedule
I hereto. If Additional Investors are added to Schedule I, the number of shares opposite each such Additional
Investors name shall be equal to the quotient of (x) such Additional Investors Commitment multiplied by 15%, divided
by (y) $10.00. Each Warrant shall be registered in the applicable Investors name by the Warrant Agent in the Warrant Register.

(ii) On
the date of the Bridge Funding Event, Parent will execute and deliver to the Warrant Agent the Warrant Agreement in the form attached
hereto as Exhibit B-1 (the New Warrant Agreement) and issue to each Investor a warrant certificate, in the
form of Exhibit A to the New Warrant Agreement (each, a New Warrant and, collectively, the New
Warrants), to purchase up to a number of shares of Common Stock of Parent set forth opposite each Investors
name on Schedule II hereto.

(iii) On
the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date, Parent will issue and deliver to each Investor a common stock purchase warrant, in the form
of Annex H to Amendment No. 6 (each, a Sixth Amendment Warrant and collectively, the Sixth Amendment
Warrants), to purchase up to a number of shares of Common Stock of Parent set forth opposite each Investors
name on Schedule V hereto.

(c) Cancellation
of Warrants. On the date of the Bridge Funding Event, each investor will forfeit and surrender to the Parent for cancellation
all of the Warrants issued to such Investor prior to the Bridge Funding Event.

(d) Note
Fundings. The Note Obligors may issue and sell Notes at up to three closings (each, a Funding Event).

2

(i) First
Funding Event. On or prior to the third Business Day following the closing of the Merger Transaction, subject to the terms
and conditions of this Agreement, the Note Obligors shall request, as set forth in Section 1(f), and the Investors
shall purchase Notes issued by the Note Obligors in a principal amount equal to not less than 65% and up to 100% of the aggregate
Commitments at a Funding Event (the First Funding Event) on the date specified in the Funding Notice by the
Note Obligors.

(ii) Second
Funding Event. If the First Funding Event occurs on or before December 31, 2021 and the principal amount of Notes issued in
connection with such First Funding Event was equal to less than 100% of the Commitments, then subject to the terms and conditions
of this Agreement, upon the Note Obligors request, as set forth in Section 1(f), on or after January 3, 2022, the
Investors shall purchase Notes issued by the Note Obligors in a principal amount equal to not more than the remaining Commitments
at a Funding Event (the Second Funding Event).

(iii) Bridge
Funding Event. On the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and Amendment
No. 3, the Note Obligors shall request, as set forth in Section 1(f), and the Investors shall purchase Notes issued by the Note
Obligors in a principal amount equal to not more than 100% of the aggregate Bridge Funding Commitments at a Funding Event (the
Bridge Funding Event) on the date specified in the Funding Notice by the Note Obligors. Each Investor shall make
the amount of such Investors purchase to be made by it hereunder with respect to the Bridge Funding Event available to
the Notes Agent in immediately available funds (at the Note Agents account identified in writing by Notes Agent) not later
than 12:00 noon (New York City time) on the date of the Bridge Funding Event. Following receipt of all requested funds with respect
to the Bridge Funding Event, the Notes Agent will make all such funds so received available to the Note Obligors in like funds,
by wire transfer of such funds in accordance with the instructions provided in the applicable Funding Notice (including all necessary
wiring instructions).

(iv) First
Additional Bridge Funding Event. On the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement
and Amendment No. 4, the Note Obligors shall request, as set forth in Section 1(f), and the Investors shall purchase Notes issued
by the Note Obligors in a principal amount equal to not more than 100% of the aggregate First Additional Bridge Funding Commitments
at a Funding Event (the First Additional Bridge Funding Event) on the date specified in the Funding Notice by the
Note Obligors. Each Investor shall make the amount of such Investors purchase to be made by it hereunder with respect to
the First Additional Bridge Funding Event available to the Notes Agent in immediately available funds (at the Note Agents
account identified in writing by Notes Agent) not later than 12:00 noon (New York City time) on the date of the First Additional
Bridge Funding Event. Following receipt of all requested funds with respect to the First Additional Bridge Funding Event,
the Notes Agent will make all such funds so received available to the Note Obligors in like funds, by wire transfer of such funds
in accordance with the instructions provided in the applicable Funding Notice (including all necessary wiring instructions).

(v) Second
Additional Funding Event. On the Amendment No. 5 Effective Date, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and Amendment
No. 5, the Note Obligors shall request, as set forth in Section 1(f), and the Investors shall purchase Notes issued by the Note
Obligors in a principal amount equal to not more than 100% of the aggregate Second Additional Funding Commitments at a Funding
Event (the Second Additional Funding Event) on the date specified in the Funding Notice by the Note Obligors. Each
Investor shall make the amount of such Investors purchase to be made by it hereunder with respect to the Second Additional
Funding Event available to the Notes Agent in immediately available funds (at the Note Agents account identified in writing
by Notes Agent) not later than 12:00 noon (New York City time) on the date of the Second Additional Funding Event. Following receipt
of all requested funds with respect to the Second Additional Funding Event, the Notes Agent will make all such funds so received
available to the Note Obligors in like funds, by wire transfer of such funds in accordance with the instructions provided in the
applicable Funding Notice (including all necessary wiring instructions).

3

(vi) Purchase
Price. At each Funding Event, the Note Obligors will deliver to each Investor participating in each such Funding Event the
Note to be purchased by such Investor, against receipt by the Note Obligors of the corresponding purchase price (the Purchase
Price) payable by such Investor for such Note. Each of the Notes shall be registered by the Notes Agent in the applicable
Investors name in the Notes Register. All of the transactions set forth herein to be taken at each such Funding Event,
including the delivery of documents, shall be deemed to take place simultaneously at each such Funding Event.

(vii) Original
Issue Discount; Commitment Fee. In respect of the purchase and sale of Notes at the First Funding Event, each Investor
shall have the option to elect, which election shall be specified in Schedule I hereto, to (x) reduce the Purchase
Price due in respect of its Notes purchased at the First Funding Event by an amount equal to three-and-one-half percent (3.5%)
of the aggregate amount of such Investors Commitment, or (y) receive a cash payment as a fee from the Note Obligors equal
to three-and-one-half percent (3.5%) of the aggregate amount of such Investors Commitment.

(e) Independent
Nature of Investors Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Investor under any Transaction Document are several
and not joint with the obligations of any other Investor, and no Investor shall be responsible in any way for the performance
of the obligations of any other Investor under any Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or in any other Transaction
Document, and no action taken by any Investor pursuant thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Investors as a partnership,
an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Investors are in any way acting
in concert or as a group with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(f) Procedures
for Funding Events. Subject to the prior satisfaction or waiver of all other applicable conditions to the sale and purchase
of a Note set forth in this Agreement (other than conditions that by their nature are to be satisfied at the relevant Funding
Event), to request a Funding Event, the Note Obligors (via a Responsible Officer) shall notify the Investors (which notice shall
be irrevocable) by electronic mail at least five (5) Business Days prior to the applicable Funding Event (which notice may be
conditional on the closing of the Merger Transaction in the case of the First Funding Event), provided that, except for
the Bridge Funding Event, the First Additional Bridge Funding Event and the Second Additional Funding Event, no Funding Event
shall occur after December 31, 2022. Such notice (a Funding Notice) shall (i) specify the amount to be funded
by each Investor (which shall be such Investors pro rata portion of the aggregate amount to be funded, but not in excess
of such Investors individual Commitment), (ii) include evidence of the satisfaction of each condition in Section
5, (iii) attach any documents, including a counterpart signature page of the Note, to be executed by such Investor (which
shall be returned to the Note Obligors prior to the Funding Event), (iv) be executed by a Responsible Officer and (v) be sent
to Notes Agent at the same time it is sent to the Investors. The Investors participating in such Funding Event shall deliver proceeds
of any Note to the account designated by the Note Obligors for such purpose. Notwithstanding the forgoingforegoing,
a Loan Notice with respect to the Bridge Funding Event, the First Additional Bridge Funding Event or the Second Additional Funding
Event may be delivered to the Investors and Notes Agent one Business Day before such Funding Event.

4

2. Representations
and Warranties of the Issuer Parties.

Each
Issuer Party represents and warrants to the Investors, as of the date made or deemed made, that:

(a) Existence,
Qualification and Power. Each Issuer Party is duly organized or formed, validly existing and, as applicable, in good standing
under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization. Each Issuer Party and each Subsidiary (a) has all requisite
power and authority and all requisite governmental licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals to (i) own or lease its assets
and carry on its business and (ii) execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is
a party, and (b) is duly qualified and is licensed and, as applicable, in good standing under the Laws of each jurisdiction where
its ownership, lease or operation of properties or the conduct of its business requires such qualification or license; except
in each case referred to in clause (a)(i) or (b), to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have
a Material Adverse Effect. As of the Closing Date, the copy of the Organization Documents of each Issuer Party provided to the
Investors pursuant to the terms of this Agreement is a true and correct copy of each such document, each of which is valid and
in full force and effect.

(b) Authorization;
No Contravention. The execution, delivery and performance by each Issuer Party of each Transaction Document to which such
Person is a party have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action, and do not and will not
(a) contravene the terms of any of such Persons Organization Documents; (b) conflict with or result in any breach or contravention
of, or the creation of any Lien under, (i) any Contractual Obligation to which such Person is a party or by which such Person
or the properties of such Person or any of its Subsidiaries is bound or (ii) any order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental
Authority or any arbitral award to which such Person or its property is subject; or (c) violate any Law, except in each case referred
to in clause (b) or (c), to the extent that such conflict, breach, contravention or violation could not reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(c) Governmental
Authorization; Other Consents. No approval, consent, exemption, authorization, or other action by, or notice to, or filing
with, any Governmental Authority or any other Person is necessary or required in connection with (a) the execution, delivery or
performance by, or enforcement against, any Issuer Party of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, (b) the grant by
any Issuer Party of the Liens granted by it pursuant to the Collateral Documents, (c) the perfection or maintenance of the Liens
created under the Collateral Documents (including the first priority nature thereof) or (d) the exercise by the Investors or the
Collateral Agent of their rights under the Transaction Documents or the remedies in respect of the Collateral pursuant to the
Collateral Documents, other than (i) authorizations, approvals, actions, notices and filings which have been duly obtained and
(ii) filings to perfect the Liens created by the Collateral Documents.

5

(d) Binding
Effect. This Agreement has been, and each other Transaction Document, when delivered hereunder, will have been, duly executed
and delivered by each Issuer Party that is party thereto. This Agreement constitutes, and each other Transaction Document when
so delivered will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Issuer Party, enforceable against each Issuer Party
that is party thereto in accordance with its terms except to the extent that the enforceability thereof may be limited by applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws generally affecting creditors rights and by equitable
principles (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in equity or at law).

(e) Financial
Statements; No Material Adverse Effect.

(i) Audited
Financial Statements. The Audited Financial Statements (i) were prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout
the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein; and (ii) fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition of the Group Members as of the date thereof and their results of operations, cash flows and changes in stockholders
equity for the period covered thereby in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except
as otherwise expressly noted therein. No Group Member has, as of the Closing Date, any material Guarantees, material contingent
liabilities and liabilities for taxes, or any long-term leases or unusual forward or long-term commitments, including any interest
rate or foreign currency swap or exchange transaction or other obligation in respect of derivatives (in each case excluding leases
entered into in the ordinary course of business for apartment units, hotel units or other accommodations and guarantees in respect
thereof), that (x) are not reflected in the Audited Financial Statements or (y) have been incurred after the date of such financial
statements and have not been disclosed to the Investors.

(ii) Quarterly
Financial Statements. The most recent unaudited Consolidated balance sheets of the Group Members delivered to the Investors,
and the related Consolidated statements of income or operations and cash flows for the quarter ended on that date (i) were prepared
in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein,
and (ii) fairly present in all material respects the financial condition of the Group Members as of the date thereof and their
results of operations and cash flows for the period covered thereby, subject, in the case of clauses (i) and (ii), to the absence
of footnotes and to normal year-end audit adjustments.

(iii) Material
Adverse Effect. Since December 31, 2020 (and, in addition, after delivery of the most recent annual audited financial statements
in accordance with the terms hereof, since the date of such annual audited financial statements), there has been no event or circumstance,
either individually or in the aggregate, that has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

6

(f) Litigation.
There are no actions, suits, proceedings, claims or disputes pending or, to the knowledge of the Issuer Parties, threatened
in writing at law, in equity, in arbitration or before any Governmental Authority, by or against any Issuer Party or any Subsidiary
or against any of their properties or revenues that (a) purport to affect or pertain to this Agreement or any other Transaction
Document or any of the transactions contemplated hereby, or (b) either individually or in the aggregate could reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(g) No
Default. Neither any Issuer Party nor any Subsidiary thereof is in default under or with respect to any Contractual Obligation
that could, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No Default has
occurred and is continuing or would result from the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other
Transaction Document.

(h) Ownership
of Property. Each Issuer Party and each of its Subsidiaries has good record and marketable title in fee simple to, or valid
leasehold interests in, all real property necessary or used in the ordinary conduct of its business, except for such defects in
title as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(i) Environmental
Compliance.

(i) The
Issuer Parties and their respective Subsidiaries conduct in the ordinary course of business a review of the effect of existing
Environmental Laws and claims alleging potential liability or responsibility for violation of any Environmental Law on their respective
businesses, operations and properties, and as a result thereof the Issuer Parties have reasonably concluded that such Environmental
Laws and claims could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(ii) Neither
any Issuer Party nor any of its Subsidiaries is undertaking, and has not completed, either individually or together with other
potentially responsible parties, any investigation or assessment or remedial or response action relating to any actual or threatened
release, discharge or disposal of Hazardous Materials at any site, location or operation, either voluntarily or pursuant to the
order of any Governmental Authority or the requirements of any Environmental Law, except as could not, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; and all Hazardous Materials generated, used, treated,
handled or stored at, or transported to or from, any property currently or formerly owned or operated by any Issuer Party or any
of its Subsidiaries have been disposed of in a manner not reasonably expected to result in material liability to any Issuer Party
or any of its Subsidiaries.

(j) Offering.

(i) Subject
in part to the truth and accuracy of each Investors representations set forth in Section 3 of this Agreement,
the offer, sale and issuance of the Notes as contemplated by this Agreement are exempt from the registration requirements of any
applicable state and federal securities laws, and none of the Note Obligors nor any authorized agent acting on their behalf will
take any action hereafter that would cause the loss of such exemption.

(ii) Prior
to the date hereof, the Note Obligors have exercised reasonable care, in accordance with Securities and Exchange Commission rules
and guidance, to determine whether any Covered Person (as defined below) is subject to any of the bad actor disqualifications
described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) through (viii) under the Securities Act (Disqualification Events). To the
Note Obligors knowledge, no Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification Event, except for a Disqualification Event
covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3) under the Act. The Note Obligors have complied, to the extent applicable, with any disclosure
obligations under Rule 506(e) under the Securities Act. Covered Persons are those persons specified in Rule
506(d)(1) under the Act, including the Note Obligors; any predecessor or affiliate of any of the Note Obligors; any director,
executive officer, other officer participating in the offering, general partner or managing member of any of the Note Obligors;
any beneficial owner of 20% or more of any of the Note Obligors outstanding voting equity securities, calculated on the
basis of voting power; any promoter (as defined in Rule 405 under the Act) connected with any of the Note Obligors in any capacity
at the time of the sale of the Notes; and any person that has been or will be paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation
of purchasers in connection with the sale of the Notes (a Solicitor), any general partner or managing member
of any Solicitor, and any director, executive officer or other officer participating in the offering of any Solicitor or general
partner or managing member of any Solicitor.

7

(k) Maintenance
of Insurance. The properties of each Note Obligor and its Subsidiaries are insured with financially sound and reputable insurance
companies not Affiliates of such Note Obligor, in such amounts, with such deductibles and covering such risks as are customarily
carried by companies engaged in similar businesses and owning similar properties in localities where the applicable Issuer Party
or the applicable Subsidiary operates.

(l) Taxes.
Each Issuer Party and its Subsidiaries have filed all federal, state and other material tax returns and reports required to be
filed, and have paid all federal, state and other material taxes, assessments, fees and other governmental charges levied or imposed
upon them or their properties, income or assets otherwise due and payable, except those which are being contested in good faith
by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and for which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP. There
is no proposed tax assessment against any Issuer Party or any Subsidiary that would, if made, have a Material Adverse Effect,
nor is there any tax sharing agreement applicable to any Note Obligor or any Subsidiary. The filing and recording of any and all
documents required to perfect the security interests granted to the Collateral Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties)
will not result in any documentary, stamp or other taxes.

(m) ERISA
Compliance.

(i) Each
Plan is in compliance in all material respects with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and other federal or state laws.
Each Pension Plan that is intended to be a qualified plan under Section 401(a) of the Code has received a favorable determination
letter or is subject to a favorable opinion letter from the IRS to the effect that the form of such Plan is qualified under Section
401(a) of the Code and the trust related thereto has been determined by the IRS to be exempt from federal income tax under Section
501(a) of the Code, or an application for such a letter is currently being processed by the IRS. To the best knowledge of the
Issuer Parties, nothing has occurred that would prevent or cause the loss of such tax-qualified status.

8

(ii) There
are no pending or, to the best knowledge of the Issuer Parties, threatened claims, actions or lawsuits, or action by any Governmental
Authority, with respect to any Plan that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. There has been no prohibited
transaction or violation of the fiduciary responsibility rules with respect to any Plan that has resulted or could reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(iii) (A)
No ERISA Event has occurred, and no Issuer Party nor any ERISA Affiliate is aware of any fact, event or circumstance that could
reasonably be expected to constitute or result in an ERISA Event with respect to any Pension Plan; (B) each Note Obligor and each
ERISA Affiliate has met all applicable requirements under the Pension Funding Rules in respect of each Pension Plan, and no waiver
of the minimum funding standards under the Pension Funding Rules has been applied for or obtained; (C) as of the most recent valuation
date for any Pension Plan, the funding target attainment percentage (as defined in Section 430(d)(2) of the Code) is sixty percent
(60%) or higher and no Issuer Party nor any ERISA Affiliate knows of any facts or circumstances that could reasonably be expected
to cause the funding target attainment percentage for any such plan to drop below sixty percent (60%) as of the most recent valuation
date; (D) no Issuer Party nor any ERISA Affiliate has incurred any liability to the PBGC other than for the payment of premiums,
and there are no premium payments which have become due that are unpaid; (E) no Note Obligor nor any ERISA Affiliate has engaged
in a transaction that could be subject to Section 4069 or Section 4212(c) of ERISA; and (F) no Pension Plan has been terminated
by the plan administrator thereof nor by the PBGC, and no event or circumstance has occurred or exists that could reasonably be
expected to cause the PBGC to institute proceedings under Title IV of ERISA to terminate any Pension Plan.

(iv) No
Note Obligor nor any ERISA Affiliate maintains or contributes to, or has any unsatisfied obligation to contribute to, or liability
under, any active or terminated Pension Plan.

(n) Margin
Regulations; Investment Company Act.

(i) Margin
Regulations. No Note Obligor is engaged nor will engage, principally or as one of its important activities, in the business
of purchasing or carrying margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U issued by the FRB), or extending credit for the purpose
of purchasing or carrying margin stock. Following the application of the proceeds of each Funding Event, not more than twenty-five
percent (25%) of the value of the assets (either of the Parent only or of the Parent and its Subsidiaries on a Consolidated basis)
will constitute margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U issued by the FRB).

(ii) Investment
Company Act. None of the Note Obligors is required to be registered as an investment company under the Investment
Company Act of 1940.

(o) Disclosure.
Each Note Obligor has disclosed to the Investors, either directly or through public filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, all agreements, instruments and corporate or other restrictions to which it or any of its Subsidiaries or any other
Issuer Party is subject, and all other matters known to it, that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected
to result in a Material Adverse Effect. No report, financial statement, certificate or other information furnished (whether in
writing or orally) by or on behalf of any Issuer Party to the Investors in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby
and the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder or under any other Transaction Document (in each case as modified
or supplemented by other information so furnished), when furnished, contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state
any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading; provided that, with respect to projected financial information, each Issuer Party represents only that such
information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time; provided further that
it is understood that (1) projections relate to future events and are not to be viewed as facts, (2) that the actual results during
the period or periods covered by the projections may differ from the projected results included in such projections, and that
such differences may be material, (3) the projections are subject to significant uncertainties, many of which are beyond the control
of the Group Members and (4) no assurance can be given that the projections will be realized.

9

(p) Solvency.
The Parent is, together with its Subsidiaries on a Consolidated basis, Solvent.

(q) Casualty,
Etc. Neither the businesses nor the properties of any Issuer Party or any of its Subsidiaries are affected by any fire, explosion,
accident, strike, lockout or other labor dispute, drought, storm, hail, earthquake, embargo, act of God or of the public enemy
or other casualty (whether or not covered by insurance) that, either individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(r) Sanctions
Concerns; Anti-Bribery Laws.

(i) Sanctions
Concerns. The Group Members have implemented and maintain in effect policies and procedures reasonably designed to ensure
compliance by the Group Members and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable
Sanctions. The Group Members are not knowingly engaged in any activity that would reasonably be expected to result in any Group
Member being listed on any Sanctions related list referred to in clause (a) of Sanctioned Person. No Group Member,
or to the knowledge of any Note Obligor, any of their respective directors, officers, employees that will act for any Group Member
in any capacity in connection with the credit facility established hereby, is listed on any Sanctions related list referred to
in clause (a) of the definition of Sanctioned Person.

(ii) Anti-Bribery
Laws. No Group Member, nor to the knowledge of any Group Member, or other Person acting on behalf of any such Group Member
has taken any action, directly or indirectly, that would result in a violation by such person of any applicable anti-bribery law,
including but not limited to, the United Kingdom Bribery Act 2010 (the UK Bribery Act) and the U.S. Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 (the FCPA). Furthermore, each Note Obligor and, to the knowledge of such Note
Obligor, its Affiliates have conducted their businesses in compliance in all material respects with the UK Bribery Act, the FCPA
and similar laws, rules or regulations and have instituted and maintain policies and procedures designed to ensure, and which
are reasonably expected to continue to ensure, continued compliance therewith.

(s) Issuer
Parties. As of the Closing Date, the Issuer Parties constitute all of the parties that are party to the Senior Credit Agreement.

10

(t) Labor
Matters. Except as set forth on Schedule 2(t) to the Disclosure Letter, there are no collective bargaining agreements
or Multiemployer Plans covering the employees of the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries as of the Closing Date and none of the
Note Obligors nor any Subsidiary has suffered any strikes, walkouts, work stoppages or other material labor difficulty within
the last five (5) years preceding the Closing Date.

3. Representations
and Warranties of Investors. Each Investor, for that Investor alone, represents and warrants to the Note Obligors, as
of the Closing Date and as of the date of acquisition of a Note, as follows:

(a) Authorization.
Such Investor has all requisite power and authority to enter into the Transaction Documents, to purchase such Note and to carry
out and perform its obligations under the terms of the Transaction Documents. All action on the part of such Investor, its officers,
directors and stockholders necessary for the authorization, execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents has been taken
or will be taken prior to the applicable Closing, and the Transaction Documents constitute valid and legally binding obligations
of such Investor, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, except (i) as limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium, and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally and
(ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief, or other equitable remedies.
No consent, approval, order or authorization of, or registration, qualification, designation, declaration or filing with, any
Governmental Authority on the part of such Investor is required in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents.

(b) Purchase
Entirely for Own Account. This Agreement is made with such Investor in reliance upon, among other things, such Investors
representation to the Note Obligors, which by such Investors execution of this Agreement such Investor hereby confirms,
that the Notes will be acquired for investment for such Investors own account, not as a nominee or agent, and not with
a view to the resale or distribution of any part thereof, and that such Investor has no present intention of selling, granting
any participation in, or otherwise distributing, the Notes. By executing this Agreement, such Investor further represents that
such Investor does not have any contract, undertaking, agreement or arrangement with any person to sell, transfer or grant participations
to such person or to any third person, with respect to any of the Notes.

(c) Reliance
Upon the Investors Representations. Such Investor acknowledges that the Notes are not registered under the Securities
Act on the ground that the sale provided for in this Agreement and the issuance of securities hereunder is exempt from registration
under the Securities Act and that the Note Obligors reliance on such exemption is based, in part, on such Investors
representations set forth herein.

(d) Receipt
of Information. Such Investor acknowledges that there has been provided or made available to it all the information it considers
necessary or appropriate for deciding whether to purchase the Notes. Such Investor further represents that through its representatives
it has had an opportunity to ask questions and receive answers from the Note Obligors regarding the terms and conditions of the
offering of the Notes and the business, properties, prospects and financial condition of the Note Obligors. The foregoing, however,
does not limit or modify the representations and warranties of the Note Obligors in Section 2 of this Agreement
or the right of such Investor to rely thereon.

11

(e) Investment
Experience. Such Investor is experienced in evaluating and investing in securities of companies in the development stage,
is able to bear the economic risk of its investment in a Note and has such knowledge and experience in financial and business
matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the investment in the Notes and is able, without impairing such
Investors financial condition, to hold the Notes to be purchased by such Investor for an indefinite period of time and
to suffer a complete loss of such Investors investment. Such Investor also represents it has not been organized solely
for the purpose of acquiring the Notes.

(f) Understanding
of Risk. Such Investor is aware of (i) the highly speculative nature of the Notes, (ii) the financial hazards involved and
(iii) the lack of liquidity of the Notes.

(g) Accredited
Investor. Such Investor represents and warrants that it is an accredited investor, as such term is defined in
Rule 501(a) of Regulation D of the Securities Act. Such Investor has furnished or made available any and all information requested
by the Note Obligors or otherwise necessary to satisfy any applicable verification requirements as to accredited investor status.
Such Investor covenants to provide prompt written notice to the Note Obligors in the event it ceases to be an accredited investor
at any time in the future during which it continues to hold any of the Notes or any other securities of the Note Obligors.

(h) No
Public Market. Such Investor understands and acknowledges that no public market now exists for any of the securities issued
by the Note Obligors and that the Note Obligors have made no assurances that a public market will ever exist for the Notes or
any other securities of the Note Obligors.

(i) Restricted
Securities. Such Investor understands that the Notes may not be sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of without registration
under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws or an exemption therefrom, and that in the absence of an effective
registration statement covering the Notes or an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act, the Notes must
be held indefinitely. Investor acknowledges that the Note Obligors have no obligation to make or keep current public information
(as defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act).

(j) Legends.
To the extent applicable, each certificate or other document evidencing any of the Notes shall be endorsed with the legend
set forth below, and such Investor covenants that, except to the extent such restrictions are waived by the Note Obligors, such
Investor shall not transfer the Notes without complying with the restrictions on transfer described in the legends endorsed on
any such Note (except that the Note Obligors shall not require an opinion of counsel in connection with a transfer to an affiliated
entity or pursuant to Rule 144):

THE
SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED OR QUALIFIED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED,
(THE SECURITIES ACT) OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY JURISDICTION AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED,
ASSIGNED, ENCUMBERED, HYPOTHECATED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF EXCEPT (I) PURSUANT TO A REGISTRATION STATEMENT WITH RESPECT TO SUCH
SECURITIES THAT IS EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAW, OR (II) IN A TRANSACTION THAT DOES NOT
REQUIRE REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAW, INCLUDING PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A
OR TO PERSONS OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES PURSUANT TO REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, PROVIDED THAT, EXCEPT IN THE CASE
OF ANY TRANSACTION EXEMPT FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A OR TO PERSONS
OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES PURSUANT TO REGULATION S UNDER THE ACT, AN OPINION OF COUNSEL SHALL BE FURNISHED TO THE NOTE OBLIGORS
(IF REQUESTED BY THE NOTE OBLIGORS), IN FORM AND SUBSTANCE REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE NOTE OBLIGORS, TO THE EFFECT THAT SUCH
TRANSACTION DOES NOT REQUIRE REGISTRATION UNDER THE ACT AND/OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAW.

12

(k) Tax
Advisors. Such Investor has reviewed with its own tax advisors the U.S. federal, state and local and non-U.S. tax consequences
of this investment and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. With respect to such matters, such Investor relies solely
on any such advisors and is not relying on any statements or representations of the Note Obligors or any of its agents, written
or oral, as tax advice.

(l) Exculpation.
Such Investor acknowledges that it is not relying upon any person, firm or corporation, other than the Note Obligors and their
respective officers and directors, in making its investment or decision to invest in the Note Obligors.

(m) No
Bad Actor Disqualification Events. Neither (i) such Investor, (ii) any of its directors, executive officers,
other officers that may serve as a director or officer of any company in which it invests, general partners or managing members,
nor (iii) any beneficial owner of any of the Note Obligors voting equity securities (in accordance with Rule 506(d) of
the Securities Act) held by such Investor is subject to any Disqualification Events, except for Disqualification Events covered
by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3) under the Securities Act and disclosed reasonably in advance of the Closing in writing in reasonable
detail to the Note Obligors. Such Investor covenants to provide such information to the Note Obligors as the Note Obligors may
reasonably request in order to comply with the disclosure obligations set forth in Rule 506(e) of the Securities Act.

(n) No
Restricted Entities. Such Investor represents that neither it, nor any of its officers, directors or beneficial owners, is
an individual or entity with whom the transactions described herein would be prohibited by a governmental authority, as identified
on the United States Government Consolidated Screening List, or any other applicable governmental list or regulation that would
prohibit or restrict the transactions described herein, including any prohibitions or restrictions based on the nationality of
an entity or individual.

13

(o) No
Brokers or Finders. Except as previously disclosed to the Note Obligors prior to the date of this Agreement, neither such
Investor nor any of its Affiliates has retained, utilized or been represented by, or otherwise become obligated to, any broker,
placement agent, financial advisor or finder in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement whose fees the
Note Obligors would be required to pay.

4. Conditions
to the Closing Date of the Investors. The occurrence of the Closing Date and each Investors obligations under this
Agreement are subject to the fulfillment of all of the following conditions, any of which may be waived in whole or in part by
the Required Investors (and with respect to the conditions set forth in Sections 4(g), 4(l) and 4(m), the Collateral Agent):

(a) Representations
and Warranties. The representations and warranties made by the Issuer Parties in Section 2 hereof shall be true
and correct on the Closing Date.

(b) Performance.
The Issuer Parties shall have performed and complied with all covenants, agreements, obligations and conditions contained in this
Agreement that are required to be performed or complied with by the Issuer Parties on or before the Closing Date.

(c) Closing
Certificate. A Responsible Officer of the Note Obligors Representative shall have delivered to the Investors a certificate
in the form of Exhibit G certifying that the conditions specified in Section 4(a) and Section
4(b) have been fulfilled.

(d) Governmental
Approvals and Filings. Except for any notices required or permitted to be filed after the Closing Date with certain federal
and state securities commissions, the Note Obligors shall have obtained all governmental approvals required in connection with
the lawful sale and issuance of the Notes and Warrants.

(e) Legal
Requirements. The sale and issuance by the Note Obligors, and the purchase by such Investor, of the Notes and Warrants shall
be legally permitted by all laws and regulations to which such Investor or the Note Obligors are subject.

(f) Proceedings
and Documents. All corporate and other proceedings in connection with the transactions contemplated at the Closing Date and
all documents and instruments incident to such transactions shall be reasonably satisfactory in substance and form to the Required
Investors.

(g) Transaction
Documents. Each Issuer Party shall have duly executed and delivered to the Investors the following documents to which it is
a party:

(i) this
Agreement;

(ii) the
Collateral Agency Agreement; and

(iii) the
Fee Letter.

(h) Filings.
All necessary filings, registrations, recordings and other actions required to be taken as of the Closing Date, and all filing,
recordation, and other similar fees and all recording, stamp and other Taxes and expenses related to such filings, registrations
and recordings required to be paid, for the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (or arrangements
satisfactory to the Required Investors to make any such filings, registrations, recordings or other actions or to make any such
payment on or immediately following the Closing Date) shall have been taken and paid, respectively (to the extent that the obligation
to make payment then exists), by the Issuer Parties.

14

(i) Approvals.
The Note Obligors shall have obtained any necessary approvals by each Note Obligors Board of Directors, the Note Obligors
stockholders or applicable third parties.

(j) Secretarys
Certificate. The Secretary of each Note Obligor and each Guarantor shall have delivered to the Investors a certificate certifying
(i) a true and complete copy of the such Issuer Partys certificate of incorporation or formation, bylaws, operating agreement
or similar governing documents, (ii) resolutions of each Note Obligors Board of Directors and the governing body of each
Guarantor approving the Transaction Documents to which such Person is party and the transactions contemplated thereunder, (iii)
a certificate as to the good standing in its jurisdiction of organization and each additional jurisdiction in which such Issuer
Party is qualified or licensed to do business or the failure to be so qualified or licensed could reasonably be expected to result
in a Material Adverse Effect and (iv) as to the incumbency and signatures of officers of such Issuer Party.

(k) Opinion.
The Investors (as of the date hereof) and Collateral Agent shall have received a written opinion (addressed to the Investors and
dated the Closing Date) of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, P.C., counsel for the Issuer Parties, in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to the Required Investors.

(l) Fees.
Subject to Section 7(q), concurrently with the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the Note Obligors
shall have paid all accrued and unpaid fees and all accrued and unpaid expenses required to be paid on the Closing Date in each
case, of the Investors, Collateral Agent and Notes Agent (including, the reasonable, documented and out-of-pocket accrued and
unpaid fees and expenses of counsel thereto) to the extent invoiced at least one Business Day prior to the Closing Date.

(m) KYC.
The Investors and the Collateral Agent shall have received, on or before the date which is three (3) Business Days prior to the
Closing Date (i) all documentation and other information regarding the Issuer Parties required by regulatory authorities under
applicable know your customer and Anti-Corruption Laws and the USA PATRIOT Act and (ii) a completed Beneficial Ownership
Certification from each Issuer Party.

5. Conditions
to Funding Events of the Investors.

(a) Conditions
to the First Funding Event. Each Investors obligations at any Funding Event, except as set forth in Section 5(d),
or otherwise provided herein with respect to the Bridge Funding Event, First Additional Bridge Funding Event or Second Additional
Funding Event are subject to the fulfillment, on or prior to such Funding Event, of all of the following conditions to the extent
applicable, any of which may be waived in whole or in part by the Required Investors (and with respect to the conditions set forth
in Section 5(a)(iv), the Collateral Agent):

15

(i) Representations
and Warranties. The representations and warranties made by the Issuer Parties in Section 2 hereof shall be true
and correct in all material respects on the date of such Funding Event; provided that such materiality qualifier shall not be
applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text thereof; and
provided further that those representations and warranties expressly referring to a specific date shall be true and correct in
all material respects as of such date, and no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or result from the issuance
of any Notes at such Funding Event.

(ii) Performance.
The Note Obligors shall have performed and complied in all material respects with all covenants, agreements, obligations and conditions
contained in this Agreement that are required to be performed or complied with by the Note Obligors on or before such Funding
Event.

(iii) Closing
Certificate. A Responsible Officer of the Note Obligors Representative shall deliver to the Investors at such Funding Event
a certificate certifying that the conditions specified in Section 5(a)(i) and Section 5(a)(ii) have
been fulfilled.

(iv) Governmental
Approvals and Filings. Except for any notices required or permitted to be filed after such Funding Event with certain federal
and state securities commissions, the Note Obligors shall have obtained all governmental approvals required in connection with
the lawful sale and issuance of the Notes issued at such Funding Event, except where a failure to obtain such approvals would
not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(v) Legal
Requirements. At such Funding Event, the sale and issuance by the Note Obligors, and the purchase by such Investor, of the
Notes and Warrants shall be legally permitted by all laws and regulations to which such Investor or the Note Obligors are subject.

(vi) Transaction
Documents. Each Issuer Party shall have duly executed and delivered to the Investors and, if applicable, the Collateral Agent,
the Notes Agent or the Warrant Agent, the following documents to which it is a party:

(A) the
Security Agreement;

(B) the
Warrant Agreement;

(C) a
Funding Notice in the time period specified in Section 1(f);

(D) each
Note to be issued hereunder at such Funding Event;

(E) each
Warrant to be issued hereunder.

(vii) Opinion.
The Investors and the Collateral Agent shall have received a written opinion (addressed to the Investors and dated the date of
the First Funding Event) of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, P.C., counsel for the Issuer Parties, in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Required Investors.

16

(viii) Lien
Searches. The Collateral Agent shall have received completed requests for information or similar search report, dated within
thirty (30) days of the Closing Date, listing all effective financing statements filed in the Office of the Secretary of State
of the state of incorporation or formation, as applicable, that name any Issuer Party as debtor, together with copies of such
other financing statements.

(ix) Filings.
All necessary filings, registrations, recordings and other actions required to be taken as of the date of such Funding Event (including
filing of UCC-1 financing statements), and all filing, recordation, and other similar fees and all recording, stamp and other
Taxes and expenses related to such filings, registrations and recordings required to be paid, for the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents (or arrangements satisfactory to the Required Investors to make any such filings, registrations,
recordings or other actions or to make any such payment on or immediately following the date of such Funding Event) shall have
been taken and paid, respectively (to the extent that the obligation to make payment then exists), by the Issuer Parties.

(x) TPC
Credit Agreement. Prior to or substantially concurrently with the First Funding Event, all obligations under the TPC Credit
Agreement shall have been repaid and any Liens securing such obligations shall have been released and terminated.

(xi) Parent
Joinder. Parent (as defined following the completion of the Merger Transaction) shall have become a Note Obligor immediately
after the completion of the Merger Transaction by way of execution of the Joinder Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit D.

(xii) Solvency
Certificate. A Responsible Officer of the Note Obligors Representative shall deliver to the Investors the Solvency Certificate.

(xiii) Merger
Transactions. The Merger Transactions shall have been consummated in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Merger
Agreement, without giving effect to any amendment, waiver, consent or other modification thereof that is materially adverse to
the interests of the Investors (in their capacities as such) unless it is approved by the Investors (which approval shall not
be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned).

(b) Conditions
to the Second Funding Event.

(i) Representations
and Warranties. The representations and warranties made by the Issuer Parties in Section 2 hereof shall be true
and correct in all material respects on the date of such Funding Event; provided that such materiality qualifier shall not be
applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text thereof; and
provided further that those representations and warranties expressly referring to a specific date shall be true and correct in
all material respects as of such date, and no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or result from the issuance
of any Notes at such Funding Event.

(ii) Performance.
The Note Obligors shall have performed and complied with all covenants, agreements, obligations and conditions contained in this
Agreement that are required to be performed or complied with by the Note Obligors on or before such Funding Event, except where
a failure to perform or comply would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

17

(iii) Closing
Certificate. A Responsible Officer of the Note Obligors Representative shall deliver to the Investors and Collateral Agent
at such Funding Event a certificate certifying that the conditions specified in Section 5(b)(i) and Section
5(b)(ii) have been fulfilled.

(iv) Governmental
Approvals and Filings. Except for any notices required or permitted to be filed after such Funding Event with certain federal
and state securities commissions, the Note Obligors shall have obtained all governmental approvals required in connection with
the lawful sale and issuance of the Notes issued at such Funding Event, except where a failure to obtain such approvals would
not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(v) Legal
Requirements. At such Funding Event, the sale and issuance by the Note Obligors, and the purchase by such Investor, of the
Notes and Warrants shall be legally permitted by all laws and regulations to which such Investor or the Note Obligors are subject.

(vi) Transaction
Documents. Each Issuer Party shall have duly executed and delivered to the Investors and, if applicable, the Collateral Agent
and the Notes Agent, the following documents to which it is a party:

(A) Funding
Notice in the time period specified in Section 1(f);

and

(B) each
Note to be issued hereunder at such Funding Event.

(c) Second
Funding Event Occurring On or After July 1, 2022.

(i) If
the Second Funding Event occurs on a date that is on or after July 1, 2022 to and including September 30, 2022, the Investors
obligation to purchase Notes at the Second Funding Event shall, in addition to the conditions set forth in Section 5(b),
be subject to the condition that the Note Obligors GAAP Net Revenue for the quarter ended June 30, 2022 was equal to or
greater than $110,000,000.

(ii) If
the Second Funding Event occurs on a date that is on or after October 1, 2022 to and including December 31, 2022, the Investors
obligation to purchase Notes at the Second Funding Event shall, in addition to the conditions set forth in Section 5(b),
be subject to the condition that the Note Obligors GAAP Net Revenue for the quarter ended September 30, 2022 was equal
to or greater than $130,000,000.

(d) Bridge
Funding Event.

(i) Representations
and Warranties. Except for the Waived Matters (as that term is defined in Amendment No. 3) and the Forbearance Matters (as
that term is defined in Amendment No. 3), the representations and warranties made by the Issuer Parties in Section 2 hereof shall
be true and correct in all material respects on the date of such Funding Event; provided that such materiality qualifier shall
not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text thereof;
and provided further that those representations and warranties expressly referring to a specific date shall be true and correct
in all material respects as of such date, and no Event of Default, other than (i) the Waived Matters (as that term is defined
in Amendment No. 3), (ii) and the Forbearance Matters (as that term is defined
in Amendment No. 3), and (iii) the Waived Defaults (as thethat term is defined in Amendment No. 5) shall have occurred and be continuing or result from the issuance of any Notes
at such Funding Event.

18

(ii) Performance.
Except for the Waived Matters (as that term is defined in Amendment No. 3) and the Forbearance Matters (as that term is defined
in Amendment No. 3), the Note Obligors shall have performed and complied with all covenants, agreements, obligations and conditions
contained in this Agreement that are required to be performed or complied with by the Note Obligors on or before such Funding
Event, except where a failure to perform or comply would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(iii) Closing
Certificate. A Responsible Officer of the Note Obligors Representative shall deliver to the Investors and Collateral Agent
at such Funding Event a certificate certifying that the conditions specified in Section 5(d)(i) and Section 5(d)(ii) have been
fulfilled.

(iv) Governmental
Approvals and Filings. Except for any notices required or permitted to be filed after such Funding Event with certain federal
and state securities commissions, the Note Obligors shall have obtained all governmental approvals required in connection with
the lawful sale and issuance of the Notes issued at such Funding Event, except where a failure to obtain such approvals would
not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(v) Legal
Requirements. At such Funding Event, the sale and issuance by the Note Obligors, and the purchase by such Investor, of the
Notes and Warrants shall be legally permitted by all laws and regulations to which such Investor or the Note Obligors are subject.

(vi) Transaction
Documents. Each Issuer Party shall have duly executed and delivered to the Investors and, if applicable, the Collateral Agent
and the Notes Agent, the following documents to which it is a party:

(A) Funding
Notice in the time period specified in Section 1(f);

(B) each
Bridge Note to be issued hereunder at such Funding Event; and

(C) each
New Warrant to be issued hereunder at such Funding Event.

(e) First
Additional Bridge Funding Event.

19

(i) Representations
and Warranties. Except for the Waived Matters (as that term is defined in Amendment No. 3) and the Forbearance Matters (as
that term is defined in Amendment No. 3), the representations and warranties made by the Issuer Parties in Section 2 hereof shall
be true and correct in all material respects on the date of such Funding Event; provided that such materiality qualifier shall
not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text thereof;
and provided further that those representations and warranties expressly referring to a specific date shall be true and correct
in all material respects as of such date, and no Event of Default, other than the Forbearance Matters (as that term is defined
in Amendment No. 3), shall have occurred and be continuing or result from the issuance of any Notes at such Funding Event.

(ii) Performance.
Except for the Waived Matters (as that term is defined in Amendment No. 3) and the Forbearance Matters (as that term is defined
in Amendment No. 3), the Note Obligors shall have performed and complied with all covenants, agreements, obligations and conditions
contained in this Agreement that are required to be performed or complied with by the Note Obligors on or before such Funding
Event, except where a failure to perform or comply would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(iii) Closing
Certificate. A Responsible Officer of the Note Obligors Representative shall deliver to the Investors and Collateral Agent
at such Funding Event a certificate certifying that the conditions specified in Section 5(e)(i) and Section 5(e)(ii) have been
fulfilled.

(iv) Governmental
Approvals and Filings. Except for any notices required or permitted to be filed after such Funding Event with certain federal
and state securities commissions, the Note Obligors shall have obtained all governmental approvals required in connection with
the lawful sale and issuance of the Notes issued at such Funding Event, except where a failure to obtain such approvals would
not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(v) Legal
Requirements. At such Funding Event, the sale and issuance by the Note Obligors, and the purchase by such Investor, of the
Notes shall be legally permitted by all laws and regulations to which such Investor or the Note Obligors are subject.

(vi) Transaction
Documents. Each Issuer Party shall have duly executed and delivered to the Investors and, if applicable, the Collateral Agent
and the Notes Agent, the following documents to which it is a party:

(A) Funding
Notice in the time period specified in Section 1(f); and

(B) each
First Additional Bridge Note to be issued hereunder at such Funding Event.

(vii) Capital
Raise. The Investors shall have received an indicative term sheet regarding a transaction to provide for third-party funding
to the Note Obligors in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Investors.

20

(viii) Budget
Compliance. The Note Obligors shall have complied with Section 7(i)(ii) and Section 7(v) in all respects.

(ix) Strategic
Partnership. The Investors shall have received documentation evidencing sufficient advancement of discussions, in the Investors
sole discretion, between the Note Obligors and a leading hospitality brand regarding a strategic partnership.

(f) Second
Additional Funding Event

(i) Representations
and Warranties. Except for (i) the Waived Matters (as that term is defined in Amendment No. 3), (ii) the Forbearance Matters
(as that term is defined in Amendment No. 3) and (iii) the Waived Defaults (as that term is defined in Amendment No. 5), the representations
and warranties made by the Issuer Parties in Section 2 hereof shall be true and correct in all material respects on the date of
such Funding Event; provided that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that
already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text thereof; and provided further that those representations and warranties
expressly referring to a specific date shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such date, and no Event of Default,
other than the Forbearance Matters (as that term is defined in Amendment No. 3), shall have occurred and be continuing or result
from the issuance of any Notes at such Funding Event.

(ii) Performance.
Except for (i) the Waived Matters (as that term is defined in Amendment No. 3), (ii) the Forbearance Matters (as that term is
defined in Amendment No. 3) and (iii) the Waived Defaults (as that term is defined in Amendment No. 5), the Note Obligors shall
have performed and complied with all covenants, agreements, obligations and conditions contained in this Agreement that are required
to be performed or complied with by the Note Obligors on or before such Funding Event, except where a failure to perform or comply
would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(iii) Closing
Certificate. A Responsible Officer of the Note Obligors Representative shall deliver to the Investors and Collateral Agent
at such Funding Event a certificate certifying that the conditions specified in Section 5(f)(i) and Section 5(f)(ii) have been
fulfilled.

(iv) Governmental
Approvals and Filings. Except for any notices required or permitted to be filed after such Funding Event with certain federal
and state securities commissions, the Note Obligors shall have obtained all governmental approvals required in connection with
the lawful sale and issuance of the Notes issued at such Funding Event, except where a failure to obtain such approvals would
not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(v) Legal
Requirements. At such Funding Event, the sale and issuance by the Note Obligors, and the purchase by such Investor, of the
Notes shall be legally permitted by all laws and regulations to which such Investor or the Note Obligors are subject.

21

(vi) Transaction
Documents. Each Issuer Party shall have duly executed and delivered to the Investors and, if applicable, the Collateral Agent
and the Notes Agent, the following documents to which it is a party:

(A) Funding
Notice in the time period specified in Section 1(f);

(B) each
Second Additional Note to be issued hereunder at such Funding Event; and

(C) each
Note to be amended and restated pursuant to Amendment No. 5.

(vii) Capital
Raise. The Investors shall have received the First Funding of Preferred Equity (as defined in Amendment No. 5).

(viii) Budget
Compliance. The Note Obligors shall have complied with Section 7(i)(ii) and Section 7(v) in all respects.

6. Conditions
to Obligations of the Note Obligors. The Note Obligors obligation to issue and sell the Notes at each Funding Event
to each respective Investor is subject to the fulfillment, on or prior to the applicable Funding Event, of the following conditions,
any of which may be waived in whole or in part by the Note Obligors:

(a) Representations
and Warranties. The representations and warranties made by such Investor in Section 3 hereof shall be true and
correct when made and shall be true and correct on the applicable Funding Event.

(b) Governmental
Approvals and Filings. Except for any notices required or permitted to be filed after the applicable Funding Event with certain
federal and state securities commissions, the Note Obligors shall have obtained all governmental approvals required in connection
with the lawful sale and issuance of the Notes.

(c) Legal
Requirements. At the applicable Funding Event, the sale and issuance by the Note Obligors, and the purchase by the Investors,
of the Notes shall be legally permitted by all laws and regulations to which the Investors or the Note Obligors are subject.

(d) Purchase
Price. Such Investor shall have delivered to the Note Obligors the Purchase Price in respect of the Notes and Warrants being
purchased by such Investor referenced in Section 1(b) hereof.

7. Affirmative
Covenants. Each of the Issuer Parties hereby covenants and agrees that on the Closing Date and thereafter until the Termination
Date, such Issuer Party shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to:

(a) Financial
Statements; Other Information.

(i) Audited
Financial Statements. (A) With respect to each fiscal year prior to Parent being a publicly reporting company, within one-hundred
eighty (180) days after the end of such fiscal year of Parent, and (B) with respect to each fiscal year following Parent being
a publicly reporting company, within ninety (90) days after the end of such fiscal year of Parent, deliver (or
in the case of the fiscal years ending December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2025, use commercially reasonable efforts to deliver
(it being agreed and understood that the failure to deliver such financial statements following Parents commercially reasonable
efforts to do so shall not constitute a failure to comply with the Note Obligors obligations under this Section 7(a)(i)))
a Consolidated balance sheet of the Group Members as at the end of such fiscal year, and the related Consolidated statements
of income or operations, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for such fiscal year, setting forth in each case
in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all in reasonable detail and prepared in accordance with GAAP, such
Consolidated statements to be audited and accompanied by a report and opinion of an independent certified public accountant of
nationally recognized standing reasonably acceptable to the Investors, which report and opinion shall be prepared in accordance
with generally accepted auditing standards and shall not be subject to any going concern or like qualification or
exception or any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit;
provided that such report and opinion for the fiscal years ending December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2025 may be subject to a
going concern or like qualification or exception. Notwithstanding anything herein, for the Parents
fiscal year ending December 31, 2023, such financial statements shall be delivered by September 30, 2024.

22

(ii) Quarterly
Financial Statements. Within forty-five (45) days after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal
year of the Note Obligors, deliver (or in the case of the fiscal quarters
ending March 31, 2025, June 30, 2025 September 30, 2025, March 31, 2026, June 30, 2026 and September 30, 2026, use commercially
reasonable efforts to deliver (it being agreed and understood that the failure to deliver such financial statements following
Parents commercially reasonable efforts to do so shall not constitute a failure to comply with the Note Obligors
obligations under this Section 7(a)(ii))) a Consolidated balance sheet of the Group Members as of the end of such fiscal
quarter, and the related Consolidated statements of income or operations and cash flows for such fiscal quarter and for the portion
of the Note Obligors fiscal year than ended setting forth in each case in comparative form for the corresponding fiscal
quarter of the previous fiscal year and the corresponding portion of the previous fiscal year, all in reasonable detail and duly
certified by the chief executive officer, chief financial officer, treasurer or controller of the Note Obligors Representative
who is a Responsible Officer as fairly presenting in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows of the Group Members, subject only to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes.

(iii) Other
Information. Deliver to the person(s) designated by an Investor (A) such other information that a Major Investor (as defined
in the Investor Rights Agreement) is entitled to receive under the Investor Rights Agreement that such Investor reasonably requests
and (B) such additional information, including current Liquidity and Liquidity projections, any intra fiscal quarter budget, projection
and/or key strategic updates, and any additional financial or operating information as reasonably requested by the Investors;
provided that, the Note Obligors shall deliver to the Investors a summary of the information described in (A) of this clause
(iii), as well as a summary of current Liquidity and Liquidity projections, any intra fiscal quarter budget, projection and/or
key strategic updates, on a quarterly basis and in no event later than five (5) Business Days following any quarterly meeting
of the Parents or the Note Obligors Board of Directors.

Information
required to be delivered pursuant to this Section 7(a) may be delivered electronically through public filings and
if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which Parent posts such information, or provides a
link thereto on Parents website on the Internet or at http://www.sec.govhttp://www.sec.gov;
or (ii) on which such information is posted on Parents behalf on an Internet or intranet website, if any, to which the
Investors have been granted access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored by the Investors). Upon the
request of any Investor, the Issuer Parties shall provide the information required to be delivered pursuant Section 7(a)(iii)
only to the person(s) designated by such Investor to receive such information or shall not provide such information to
such Investor at all.

23

(b) Notice
of Event of Default. Promptly (but in any event, unless otherwise provided below, within ten (10) Business Days) notify the
Investors and the Collateral Agent of the occurrence of any Event of Default;

Each
notice pursuant to this Section 7(b) shall be accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer of the Note Obligors
Representative setting forth details of the occurrence referred to therein and to the extent applicable, stating what action the
Note Obligors have taken and proposes to take with respect thereto. Each notice pursuant to this Section 7(b) shall
describe with particularity any and all provisions of this Agreement and any other Transaction Document that have been breached.

(c) Payment
of Obligations. Pay and discharge as the same shall become due and payable, all its material obligations and liabilities,
including (i) all material tax liabilities, assessments and governmental charges or levies upon it or its properties or assets,
unless the same are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and adequate reserves in accordance
with GAAP are being maintained by such Note Obligor or such Subsidiary; and (ii) all lawful claims which, if unpaid, would by
law become a Lien (other than a Permitted Lien) upon its property,
except, in each case, to the extent the failure to pay and discharge the same would not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect.

(d) Preservation
of Existence, Etc.

(i) Preserve,
renew and maintain in full force and effect its legal existence and good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its organization
and maintain qualification in each jurisdiction in which the failure to so qualify would reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect, in each case, except in a transaction permitted by Section 8(c) or Section 8(g);

(ii) take
all reasonable action to maintain all rights, privileges, permits, licenses and franchises necessary or desirable in the normal
conduct of its business, except to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect; and

(iii) preserve
or renew all of its registered patents, trademarks, trade names and service marks, the non-preservation of which could reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(e) Maintenance
of Properties.

(i) Maintain,
preserve and protect all of its material properties and equipment necessary in the operation of its business in good working order
and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted; and

24

(ii) make
all necessary repairs thereto and renewals and replacements thereof except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(f) Maintenance
of Insurance. Maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies not Affiliates of any Note Obligor, insurance
with respect to its properties and business against loss or damage of the any customarily insured against by Persons engaged in
the same or similar business, of such types and in such amounts as are customarily carried under similar circumstances by such
other Persons, including, without limitation, terrorism insurance.

(g) Compliance
with Laws. Comply with the requirements of all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to
its business or property, except in such instances in which (a) such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is
being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted; or (b) the failure to comply therewith could not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(h) Books
and Records. Maintain proper books of record and account, in which full, true and correct entries shall be made sufficient
to prepare financial statements in accordance with GAAP and maintain such books of record and account in material conformity with
all applicable requirements of any Governmental Authority having regulatory jurisdiction over such Issuer Party or such Subsidiary,
as the case may be.

(i) Use
of Proceeds.

(i) Use
the proceeds of the issuance of the Notes for working capital and general corporate purposes not in contravention of any Law or
of any Transaction Document, including repayment of the obligations under the TPC Credit Agreement.

(ii) Use
the proceeds of the Bridge Notes, the
First Additional Bridge Notes and the Second Additional Notes solely in compliance with the Approved Budget.

(j) Material
Contracts. Perform and observe all the terms and provisions of each Material Contract to be performed or observed by it, maintain
each such Material Contract in full force and effect (other than any Material Contract that expires in accordance with its terms),
enforce each such Material Contract in accordance with its terms, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to do so, in each case except
where compliance or performance with any such Material Contract is subject to a good faith dispute or where the failure to do
so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(k) Covenant
to Guarantee Obligations.

(i) With
respect to each Issuer Party, cause each of (1) its Domestic Subsidiaries (excluding any FSHCO), whether newly formed, after acquired,
formed by Division or otherwise existing (including by conversion from a Foreign Subsidiary to a Domestic Subsidiary) and (2)
its other Subsidiaries, whether newly formed, after acquired, formed by Division or otherwise existing, that is a guarantor with
respect to the obligations under the Senior Credit Agreement, in each case to promptly (and in any event upon the earliest of
(x) within forty-five (45) days after such Subsidiary is formed or acquired (or such longer period of time as agreed to by the
Investors in their discretion), (y) substantially concurrently with the formation of such Subsidiary if such Subsidiary is formed
by Division or (z) substantially concurrently with such Subsidiary becoming a guarantor under the Senior Credit Agreement) become
a Guarantor hereunder by way of execution of a Joinder Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit C and to become party (which may be
by way of joinder) to the Security Agreement. In connection therewith, the Issuer Parties shall also comply with the requirements
of the Collateral Documents.

25

(l) Covenant
to Give Security. With respect to each Issuer Party, comply with the requirements of the Collateral Documents.

(m) Compliance
with Terms of Leaseholds. Make all payments and otherwise perform all obligations in respect of all leases of real property
to which the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries is a party, keep such leases in full force and effect (except to the extent any
such lease expires by its terms) and not allow any rights to renew such leases to be forfeited or cancelled, and cause each of
its Subsidiaries to do so, except, in any case, where the failure to do so, either individually or in the aggregate, could not
be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(n) Compliance
with Environmental Laws. Comply, and maintain its real property, whether owned, subleased, or otherwise operated or occupied
in compliance, in all material respects with all applicable Environmental Laws and Environmental Permits; obtain and renew all
Environmental Permits necessary for its operations and properties; and conduct any investigation, study, sampling and testing,
and undertake any cleanup, removal, remedial or other action necessary to remove and clean up all Hazardous Materials from any
of its properties, in accordance with the requirements of all Environmental Laws; provided, however, that neither
the Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries shall be required to undertake any such cleanup, removal, remedial or other action to the
extent that its obligation to do so is being contested in good faith and by proper proceedings and appropriate reserves are being
maintained with respect to such circumstances in accordance with GAAP.

(o) Approvals
and Authorizations. Maintain all authorizations, consents, approvals and licenses from, exemptions of, and filings and registrations
with, each Governmental Authority of the jurisdiction in which each Issuer Party is organized and existing, and all approvals
and consents of each other Person in such jurisdiction, in each case that are required in connection with the Transaction Documents,
in each case except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(p) Anti-Corruption
Laws. Conduct its business in compliance in all material respects with the FCPA, the UK Bribery Act and other similar anti-corruption
legislation in other jurisdictions and maintain policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance with such laws.

(q) Fees.

(i) Pay
all reasonable documented accrued and unpaid out-of-pocket fees and expenses of the Investors associated with performance of due
diligence, structuring, negotiation, documentation and closing of this Agreement, including the costs, fees and expenses of one
primary counsel and any other third-party paid by the Investors (including one local counsel in each applicable jurisdiction)
invoiced at least one Business Day prior to the Closing Date, provided that the Note Obligors shall not be required to
pay any such fees and expenses in excess of $400,000. Pay to Collateral Agent and Notes Agent all amounts due under the Collateral
Agency Agreement and the Fee Letter.

26

(ii) Pay
the Notes Agent for the account of each Investor the Applicable Bridge OID (PIK), Applicable First Additional Bridge OID (PIK)
and Applicable Second Additional Funding OID (PIK).

(r) Issuance
of Warrant. Cause the Warrants to be issued as and when required under Section 1(b).

(s) Minimum
Liquidity.

(i) On
October 1, 2025, maintain Liquidity of
the Note Obligors on
a consolidated basis as of October 1, 2025 in excess of $15,000,000 (Minimum Liquidity).

(ii) Beginning
with the fiscal quarter ending DecemberMarch 31, 20252027,
maintain Liquidity on a consolidated basis as of the last day of each fiscal quarter in excess of $15,000,000
(Minimum Liquidity), provided
that notwithstanding anything herein, the Note Obligors and the Required Investors may mutually agree to a new Minimum Liquidity
beginning with the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2025, by giving written
notice of such agreement to Notes Agent.

Notwithstanding
anything herein, in calculating Liquidity for purposes of this Section 7(s), (a) payment of damages made by the Note Obligors
consistent with any award of damages issued by a court of competent jurisdiction in relation to the 20 Broad Litigation or (b)
payment, or if paid in installments, each payment in settlement made by the Note Obligors of the 20 Broad Litigation (each a 20
Broad Litigation Payment) shall not be deducted from the Liquidity amount for the fiscal quarter in which the 20 Broad
Litigation Payment is made, provided that, if during any of the three subsequent fiscal quarters in which a 20 Broad Litigation
Payment is made, the Note Obligors would have breached the Minimum Liquidity requirement under this Section 7(s) had such 20 Broad
Litigation Payment been deducted from Liquidity, then during such fiscal quarter a 20 Broad Litigation Payment shall not be deducted
from Liquidity solely up to an amount allowing the Note Obligors to be in compliance with the Minimum Liquidity requirement.

27

(t) Free
Cash Flow. Beginning with the fiscal quarter ending DecemberMarch 31, 20252027,
maintain Free Cash Flow (Minimum Free Cash Flow), measured on a consolidated basis with respect to the applicable
testing period set forth below and tested on the last day of each testing period set forth below, in positive excess of the applicable
amount specified below (provided that notwithstanding anything herein, the Note Obligors and the Required Investors may mutually
agree to a new Minimum Free Cash Flow requirements beginning with the fiscal quarter ending DecemberMarch 31, 20252027,
by giving written notice of such agreement to Notes Agent):

Testing
Period Free
Cash Flow

Trailing
four fiscal quarter period ending December 31, 2025 ($20,000,000)

TrailingEach
trailingfour fiscal quarter period ending
March 31, 20262027
and each fiscal quarter thereafter ($15,000,000)0

Trailing
four fiscal quarter period ending June 30, 2026 ($10,000,000)

Trailing
four fiscal quarter period ending September 30, 2026 ($5,000,000)

Each
trailing four fiscal quarter period ending thereafter $0

(u) Compliance
Certificates. Together with each delivery of financial statements pursuant to Sections 7(a)(i) and 7(a)(ii),
deliver (i) a duly executed and completed compliance certificate (A) certifying that no Default or Event of Default exists (or
if a Default or Event of Default exists, describing in reasonable detail such Default or Event of Default and the steps being
taken to cure, remedy or waive the same), (B) beginning with the fiscal quarter ending September
30March 31, 20252027,
certifying compliance with Section 7(s) and setting forth reasonably detailed calculations of Liquidity as of the last day of
the fiscal period presented in such financial statements, which calculations shall separate out Liquidity attributable to Note
Obligors from Liquidity attributable to non-Notes Obligors, and (C) beginning with the fiscal quarter ending September
30March 31, 20252027,
certifying compliance with Section 7(t) and setting forth reasonably detailed calculations of Free Cash Flow of the Note Obligors
and their Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis for the applicable testing period.

(v) Budget
and Variance Reporting.

(i) On
June 6, 2024, deliver a Cash Flow Forecast to the Investors for the week ending June 8, 2024;

(ii) 
(a) Prior to the Amendment No. 5 Effective Date, beginning on June 21, 2024, on or before 5:00 p.m., New York City time, and each
Friday thereafter, deliver to the Investors (or their advisors or other designated representatives) a Variance Report for the
Variance Testing Period ended on the previous Friday and (b) after the Amendment No. 5 Effective Date, on the second Friday of
each month on or before 5:00 p.m., New York City time, deliver to the Investors (or their advisors or other designated representatives)
a Variance Report for the Variance Testing Period;

(iii) (a)
Prior to the Amendment No. 5 Effective Date, the Note Obligors shall deliver to Investors (or their advisors or other designated
representatives) a Cash Flow Forecast in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Required Investors on or before 5:00
p.m., New York City time, on each Friday after the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date (commencing June 14, 2024), and at any other
time at the Note Obligors election for the Required Investors to consider as the newly Approved Budget and (b) after the
Amendment No. 5 Effective Date, the Note Obligors shall deliver to Investors (or their advisors or other designated representatives)
a Cash Flow Forecast in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Required Investors on or before 5:00 p.m., New York
City time, on the Second Friday of each month (commencing September 13, 2024), and at any other time at the Note Obligors
election for the Required Investors to consider as the newly Approved Budget; and

28

(iv) The
most recently delivered Cash Flow Forecast shall become the Approved Budget upon approval in writing by the Required Investors
in their sole discretion; provided that, if the Required Investors do not approve any Cash Flow Forecast, the prior Approved Budget
shall remain in place and in full effect until a new Cash Flow Forecast is not objected to by the Required Investors and becomes
the Approved Budget.

(v) On
the last day of each Variance Testing Period, the Borrower shall not have made Operating Disbursements and Non-Operating
Disbursements (as those terms are used in the Approved Budget) in an amount that exceeds 117.5% of budgeted Operating
Disbursements and Non-Operating Disbursements (as those terms are used in the Approved Budget) under the
Approved Budget; provided, notwithstanding anything herein, for purposes of calculating the variance amount pursuant to this Clause
(v), expenditures and disbursements shall not include any professional fees of advisors or legal counsel.

Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein, the requirements under this Section 7(v) shall cease to apply after September
30, 2025, so long as the Note Obligors have been in compliance with the requirements of this Section 7(v) for the prior Variance
Testing Periods unless otherwise waived by the Required Investors. the
Amendment No. 6 Effective Date.

(w) Investor
Calls. Participate in monthly conference calls with the Investors (which calls may be a single conference call together with
investors and lenders holding other securities or indebtedness of the Note Obligors), such calls to be held at such time as may
be reasonably requested by the Investors, to review the financial results and the financial condition of the Note Obligors and
their Subsidiaries.

(x) Retention
of Alix Partners. The Note Obligors shall continue to retain Alix Partners, or such other financial advisor acceptable to
the Investors, to provide financial advisory services including cash flow forecasting, financial reporting and other customary
services until the earlier of (a) December 31, 2024 and (b) the date on which the Investors consent in writing to the termination
of such retention.

29

(y) Offer
to Redeem using Excess Cash Flow. Beginning with the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2025, when the Excess Cash Flow Trigger
is satisfied, the Note Obligors shall give prompt written notice to each Investor (the Excess Cash Flow Notice),
which notice shall include a calculation of such Investors Excess Cash Flow pro rata portion and an offer to redeem a portion
of the Notes (the Excess Cash Flow Redemption Offer) equal to such Investors Excess Cash Flow pro rata portion
by making a cash payment in the amount of fifty percent (50%) of the applicable Excess Cash Flow Pro Rata Portion plus accrued
and unpaid interest on such amount at the Applicable Rate (the Excess Cash Flow Redemption), provided that to the
extent the Excess Cash Flow Redemption would reduce the Note Obligors pro forma Liquidity below $60,000,000, such Excess
Cash Flow Redemption shall be reduced by the amount necessary to result in the Note Obligors pro forma Liquidity being
$60,000,000 after such Excess Cash Flow Redemption. Such Investor may accept such redemption offer by written notice to the Note
Obligors and Notes Agent not later than five (5) Business Days after delivery of the Excess Cash Flow Notice and the Note Obligors
shall make the Excess Cash Flow Redemption within three (3) Business Days of its receipt of such notice of acceptance (such date
of redemption to be a Redemption Date hereunder), with written notice thereof delivered to Notes Agent. The Note Obligors may
use any remaining portion of such Excess Cash Flow that is not applied to purchase Notes because an Excess Cash Flow Offer is
not accepted for general corporate purposes, the repayment of Indebtedness to the extent permitted by this Agreement, as otherwise
required pursuant to its other contractual requirements or for any other purpose permitted under this Agreement. Upon completion
of such Excess Cash Flow Redemption Offer, the amount of Excess Cash Flow shall be reset at zero. Notwithstanding anything herein
or in any other Transaction Document, (i) any Excess Cash Flow Redemption shall only include the principal amount so being redeemed
plus accrued and unpaid interest and shall not include any penalty, premium or make-whole payment and (ii) to the extent that
the Note Obligors have determined in good faith that repatriation of any or all of the Excess Cash Flow contributed by any foreign
Subsidiary would result in an obligation to pay cash that would reasonably be expected to result in adverse tax consequences (including
withholding tax) requiring the concurrent payment of cash taxes or regulatory consequences for the Note Obligors, its Subsidiaries,
any of their respective Affiliates or any direct or indirect holders of Equity Interests in the Note Obligors with respect to
such Excess Cash Flow contributed by the foreign Subsidiary, the Excess Cash Flow amount so affected will not be required to be
applied to redeem the Notes as required in this Section 7(y) but may be retained by the applicable non-U.S. Subsidiary.

8. Negative
Covenants. Until the Termination Date, each Issuer Party covenants and agrees with the Investors that:

(a) Indebtedness.
The Issuer Parties shall not, nor shall they permit any of their Subsidiaries to, create, incur or assume, or otherwise become
or remain directly or indirectly liable with respect to, any Indebtedness, except:

(i) Indebtedness
under the Notes and the other Transaction Documents;

(ii) Indebtedness
outstanding on the date hereof or that may be incurred pursuant to commitments existing on the date hereof and listed on Schedule
8(a) to the Disclosure Letter and any refinancings, refundings, renewals or extensions thereof; provided that the
amount of such Indebtedness is not increased at the time of such refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension except by an amount
equal to a reasonable premium or other reasonable amount paid, and fees and expenses reasonably incurred, in connection with such
refinancing and by an amount equal to any existing commitments unutilized thereunder and the direct or any contingent obligor
(or Persons that may be required to become direct or contingent obligors) with respect thereto is not changed, as a result of
or in connection with such refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension;

30

(iii) Indebtedness
incurred pursuant to the Senior Credit Agreement (including any refinancings, refundings, renewals or extensions thereof, in each
case, that are on equivalent or improved terms as reasonably determined by the borrower in good faith1)
which, with respect to the original principal amount of loans plus the face amounts of outstanding letters of credit, shall not
exceed at the time of incurrence, when taken together with the then outstanding principal amount of Indebtedness incurred pursuant
to Section 8(a)(xvii), and the then outstanding Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 8(a)(xx),
the greater of (x) (A) 60,000,000 plus (B) the result of (1) the product of the number of Live Units multiplied by $4,000
minus (2) $10,000,000, and (y) (A) $60,000,000 plus (B) the result of (1) 100% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA as
calculated as of the four quarter period most recently ended minus (2) $10,000,000;

(iv) Indebtedness
in respect of Capitalized Leases, Synthetic Lease Obligations and purchase money obligations for fixed or capital assets within
the limitations set forth in Section 8(b)(ix); provided, however, that the aggregate amount of all such Indebtedness
at any one time outstanding shall not exceed $1,100,000;

(v) Unsecured
Indebtedness of (i) any Issuer Party to any other Issuer Party, (ii) any Issuer Party to any Subsidiary that is not an Issuer
party, (iii) any Subsidiary that is not an Issuer Party to any Issuer Party in connection with an Investment permitted under the
provisions of Section 8(f)(iii)(iv) or Section 8(f)(xv), and (iv) any Subsidiary that is not an Issuer
Party to any other Subsidiary that is not an Issuer Party; provided, in each case, that such indebtedness shall (x) to
the extent required by the Investors, be evidenced by promissory notes which shall be pledged to the Collateral Agent as Collateral
for the Secured Obligations in accordance with the terms of the Security Agreement and (y) be on terms (including subordination
terms) acceptable to the Investors;

(vi) Guarantees
of the Parent or any Subsidiary in respect of Indebtedness otherwise permitted hereunder of any Note Obligor or any other Guarantor;

(vii) Indebtedness
of any Person that becomes a Subsidiary of the Parent after the date hereof in a transaction permitted hereunder in an aggregate
principal amount not to exceed $1,100,000; provided that such Indebtedness is existing at the time such Person becomes
a Subsidiary of the Parent (and was not incurred solely in contemplation of such Persons becoming a Subsidiary of the Parent);

(viii) obligations
(contingent or otherwise) existing or arising under any Swap Contract, provided that (i) such obligations are (or were) entered
into by such Person in the ordinary course of business for the purpose of directly mitigating risks associated with fluctuations
in interest rates or foreign exchange rates and (ii) such Swap Contract does not contain any provision exonerating the non-defaulting
party from its obligation to make payments on outstanding transactions to the defaulting party; provided that the aggregate Swap
Termination Value thereof shall not exceed $1,100,000 at any time outstanding

(ix) on
or prior to the date of the First Funding Event, Indebtedness outstanding pursuant to the TPC Credit Agreement;

1
Consistent with TS.

31

(x) Indebtedness
consisting of obligations of any Group Member incurred in a Permitted Acquisition or any other Investment permitted by Section
8(f) or any Disposition permitted by Section 8(c) constituting indemnification obligations or obligations
in respect of purchase price or consideration (including earnout obligations) or similar adjustments payable in cash in an aggregate
amount at any time outstanding not to exceed $1,100,000;

(xi) unsecured
Indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed (A) (i) on
or prior to September 30, 2024December
31, 2026, $10,000,00070,000,000 in respect of past due rent payments or past due accounts payable, and
(ii) on or after September 30, 2024 and prior to December 31, 2024, $7,500,000 in
respect of past due rent payments or past due accounts payable and (iii) thereafter $6,000,000 in respect of past
due rent payments or past due accounts payable and (B) $1,000,0005,000,000 in respect of other unsecured Indebtedness, in each case at any time outstanding;

(xii) [reserved];

(xiii) any
other Indebtedness that is expressly permitted by the Approved Budget;

(xiv) Indebtedness
which may be deemed to exist pursuant to any Guarantees, performance, statutory or similar obligations (including in connection
with workers compensation) or obligations in respect of letters of credit, surety bonds, bank guarantees or similar instruments
related thereto incurred in the ordinary course of business, or pursuant to any appeal obligation, appeal bond or letter of credit
in respect of judgments that do not constitute an Event of Default under Section 5(h)(i) of the Notes;

(xv) Indebtedness
incurred with corporate credit cards not exceeding $3,500,000 in the aggregate at any time outstanding;

(xvi) Indebtedness
for reimbursement obligations under the Existing HSBC Letters of Credit;

(xvii) Indebtedness
secured by Liens permitted by Section 8(b)(xxv);

(xviii) Indebtedness
incurred as a result of endorsing negotiable instruments received in the ordinary course of business;

(xix) Indebtedness
arising from customary cash management and treasury services, and the honoring of a check, draft or similar instrument against
insufficient funds; and

(xx) Indebtedness
for reimbursement obligations under letters of credit, other than those issued under the Senior Credit Agreement and the Existing
HSBC Letters of Credit, so long as such Indebtedness shall not exceed at the time of incurrence, when taken together with the
then outstanding principal amount of Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 8(a)(xvii), and the then outstanding
Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 8(a)(iii), the greater of (x) (A) 60,000,000 plus (B) the result
of (1) the product of the number of Live Units multiplied by $4,000 minus (2) $10,000,000, and (y) (A) $60,000,000
plus (B) the result of (1) 100% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA as calculated as of the four quarter period most recently
ended minus (2) $10,000,000.

32

(b) Liens.
The Issuer Parties shall not, nor shall they permit any of their Subsidiaries to, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any
Lien upon any of its property, assets or revenues whether now owned or hereafter acquired except for the following (the Permitted
Liens):

(i) Liens
pursuant to any Transaction Document;

(ii) Liens
existing on the Closing Date and listed on Schedule 8(b)(ii) of the Disclosure Letter and any renewals or extensions
thereof, provided that (i) the property covered thereby is not changed, (ii) the amount secured or benefited thereby is
not increased except as contemplated by Section 8(a)(ii), (iii) the direct or any contingent obligor with respect
thereto is not changed except as permitted by Section 8(a), and (iv) any renewal or extension of the obligations
secured or benefited thereby is permitted by Section 8(a)(ii);

(iii) Liens
for taxes, fees, assessments or other governmental charges or levies not yet due or which are being contested in good faith and
by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted, if adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the
applicable Person in accordance with GAAP;

(iv) Liens
of carriers, warehousemens, mechanics, materialmens, repairmens or other like Liens arising
in the ordinary course of business which are not overdue for a period of more than thirty (30) days or which are being contested
in good faith and by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted; provided adequate reserves with respect thereto are
maintained on the books of the applicable Person;

(v) pledges
or deposits in the ordinary course of business in connection with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other
social security legislation, other than any Lien imposed by ERISA;

(vi) deposits
to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts and leases (other than Indebtedness), statutory obligations, surety and appeal
bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature incurred in the ordinary course of business;

(vii) easements,
rights-of-way, restrictions and other similar encumbrances affecting real property which, in the aggregate, are not substantial
in amount, and which do not in any case materially detract from the value of the property subject thereto or materially interfere
with the ordinary conduct of the business of the applicable Person;

(viii) Liens
securing judgments for the payment of money (or appeal or other surety bonds relating to such judgments) not constituting an Event
of Default under Section 5(h)(i) of the Notes;

(ix) Liens
securing Indebtedness permitted under Section 8(a)(iv); provided that (i) such Liens do not at any time encumber
any property other than the property financed by such Indebtedness, and additions, accessions and improvements to such property
and the proceeds of such property, and (ii) the Indebtedness secured thereby does not exceed the cost or fair market value, whichever
is lower, of the property being acquired on the date of acquisition;

33

(x) Liens
arising out of judgments or awards not resulting in an Event of Default; provided the applicable Issuer Party or Subsidiary
shall in good faith be prosecuting an appeal or proceedings for review;

(xi) any
interest or title of a lessor, licensor or sublessor under any lease, license or sublease entered into by any Issuer Party or
any Subsidiary thereof in the ordinary course of business and covering only the assets so leased, licensed or subleased;

(xii) Liens
on property of a Person existing at the time such Person is merged into or consolidated with the Parent or any Subsidiary of the
Parent or becomes a Subsidiary of the Parent; provided that such Liens were not created in contemplation of such merger,
consolidation or Investment and do not extend to any assets other than those of the Person merged into or consolidated with the
Parent or such Subsidiary or acquired by the Parent or such Subsidiary, and the applicable Indebtedness secured by such Lien is
permitted under Section 8(a)(vii);

(xiii) Liens
securing obligations under the Senior Credit Agreement or, on or prior to the date of the First Funding Event, the TPC Credit
Agreement;

(xiv) Liens
on insurance proceeds in favor of insurance companies granted solely as security for financed premiums;

(xv) Liens
in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payments of customs duties in connection with
the importation of goods;

(xvi) inchoate
or statutory Liens or other possessory Liens and public utility Liens; provided that the same are either in respect of
obligations not in default or being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings;

(xvii) Liens
in favor of any landlord on furniture, dcor and other kitchenware and household supplies like linens and towels located
in any leased properties held out for rent in the ordinary course of business; provided that (i) such Liens are granted
in exchange for favorable security deposit terms and (ii) such Liens do not at any time encumber any property other than furniture
and dcor located in such leased property;

(xviii) Liens
granted by Hospitalit securing obligations permitted pursuant to Section 8(a)(xii);

(xix) [reserved];

(xx) without
duplication of Liens permitted by Section 8(b)(xxiii), Liens on cash collateral securing obligations incurred under
Section 8(a)(xv);

(xxi) bankers
Liens, rights of setoff and other similar Liens existing solely with respect to cash and Cash Equivalents on deposit in one or
more accounts maintained by the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, in each case in the ordinary course of business in favor of
the bank or banks or financial institutions with which such accounts are maintained, securing solely the customary amounts owing
to such bank or financial institution with respect to cash management and account arrangements; provided, that in no case
shall any such Liens secure (either directly or indirectly) the repayment of any Indebtedness; and

34

(xxii) Liens
securing obligations in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the greater of $3,000,000 or 1.5% of the consolidated total
assets of Parent determined in accordance with GAAP at any time.;

(xxiii) Liens
in favor of HSBC Bank USA, N.A. on (i) the Permitted HSBC Accounts during the Transition Period and (ii) the Permitted HSBC Cash
Collateral Accounts in an amount not to exceed (x) 110% of the aggregate amount to be drawn under, and related reimbursement obligations
in respect of, the Existing HSBC Letters of Credit, subject to any reasonable time periods required by HSBC Bank USA, N.A. to
facilitate release of such cash collateral, plus (y) obligations with respect to credit cards issued by HSBC Bank USA, N.A. or
its affiliates in an aggregate amount not to exceed $3,500,000.00 that are permitted by Section 8(a)(xv);

(xxiv) (i)
non-exclusive licenses of Intellectual Property granted in the ordinary course of business, and (ii) licenses of Intellectual
Property that could not result in a legal transfer of title of the licensed property that may be exclusive in respects other than
territory and that may be exclusive as to territory only as to discreet geographical areas outside of the United States; and

(xxv) Liens
(i) on furniture, dcor and other kitchenware and household supplies acquired or held by Issuer Parties or their Subsidiaries
incurred for financing the acquisition of such furniture, dcor and other kitchenware and household supplies securing no
more than $25,000,000 in the aggregate amount outstanding, or (ii) existing on such furniture, dcor and other kitchenware
and household supplies when acquired, if the Lien is confined to the property and accessions, improvements and the proceeds of
such furniture, dcor and other kitchenware and household supplies.

(xxvi) Liens
on cash collateral securing Indebtedness permitted by Section 8(a)(xx) that do not exceed 105% of the face amount of such Indebtedness.

With
respect to any Lien securing indebtedness in the form of Bridge Notes that was permitted to secure such Indebtedness at the time
of the incurrence of such Indebtedness, such Lien shall also be permitted to secure any Increased Amount of such Indebtedness.

(c) 
Dispositions. The Issuer Parties shall not, nor shall they permit any of their Subsidiaries to, make any
Disposition, except:

(i) Permitted
Transfers;

(ii) Dispositions
of obsolete or worn-out property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, in the ordinary course of business;

35

(iii) Dispositions
of equipment or real property to the extent that (i) such property is exchanged for credit against the purchase price of similar
replacement property or (ii) the proceeds of such Disposition are reasonably promptly applied to the purchase price of such replacement
property;

(iv) Dispositions
by the Parent and its Subsidiaries not otherwise permitted under this Section; provided that (i) at the time of such Disposition,
no Default shall exist or would result from such Disposition and (ii) the aggregate book value of all property Disposed of in
reliance on this clause (iv) in any fiscal year shall not exceed $5,500,000;

(v) Dispositions
permitted by Section 8(b), Section 8(d), Section 8(f) or Section 8(g);

(vi) Dispositions
of new or used furniture, dcor and other kitchenware and household supplies such as linens and towels, and any other similar
personal property located in units leased by Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or used in connection with the operations of Parent
or any of its Subsidiaries, to landlords or guests on such terms and conditions as may be determined by Parent or such Subsidiary
in its reasonable business judgment;

(vii) Any
Disposition with respect to which:

(A) the
Parent or one of its Subsidiaries receives consideration at least equal to the fair market value (as determined in good faith
by Parent and such fair market value shall be determined as of the date of contractually agreeing to such Disposition) of the
assets subject to such Disposition; and

(B) at
least 75% of the consideration from such Disposition received by the Parent or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be,
is in the form of cash or Cash Equivalents; and

(C) the
proceeds are applied or to be applied in accordance with clauses (1), (2) or (3) of the definition of Net Available Cash or, when
required, are offered or to be offered to redeem Notes in compliance with Section 4(c) of each Note; and

(viii) Dispositions
in connection with the Permitted Tax Restructuring.;

(ix) Dispositions
in connection with the closure of the Note Obligors distribution center located as 11900 S. Fwy, Burleson, TX 76028; and

(x) Dispositions
made to optimize the portfolio of leased locations of
the Note Obligors and
their Subsidiaries (as determined by the Note Obligors in consultation with the Required Investors), including, without limitation,
in connection with the Marriott License Agreement.

(d) Restricted
Payments. The Issuer Parties shall not, nor shall they permit any of their Subsidiaries to declare or make, directly or indirectly,
any Restricted Payment, except that, so long as no Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time of any action described
below or would result therefrom:

36

(i) each
Subsidiary may make Restricted Payments to any Issuer Party or any of their Subsidiaries that owns Equity Interests in such Subsidiary,
ratably according to their respective holdings of the type of Equity Interest in respect of which such Restricted Payment is being
made;

(ii) the
Parent and each Subsidiary may declare and make dividend payments or other distributions (a) payable solely in common Equity Interests
of such Person and (b) in the case of such dividend payments or other distributions in respect of Disqualified Equity Interests,
payable solely in kind using Disqualified Equity Interests of such Person;

(iii) the
Parent or any Subsidiary may redeem, retire, purchase or otherwise acquire for value Equity Interests of the Parent or such Subsidiary
(i) in exchange for other Equity Interests of the Parent or such Subsidiary permitted to be issued under this Agreement or (ii)
upon the conversion of Qualified Equity Interests or the exercise, exchange or conversion of stock options, warrants or other
rights to acquire Equity Interests of the Parent or such Subsidiary;

(iv) redemptions,
exchanges or other transfers of Equity Interests, and cash in lieu of fractional shares, pursuant to the Exchange Rights Agreement,
dated as of December 18, 2019, by and among Parent, Sonder Canada, Sonder Exchange ULC and the holders of Sonder Canada exchangeable
shares and the related provisions of Sonder Canadas Articles of Arrangement and the Parents certificate of incorporation;
and

(v) any
other Restricted Payments that are expressly permitted by the Approved Budget; and

(vi) Subsidiaries
may make Restricted Payments in connection with the Permitted Tax Restructuring.

Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in the foregoing, Issuer Parties shall not, nor shall they permit any of their Subsidiaries to declare
or make, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment in respect of equity interests issued pursuant to the Securities Purchase
Agreement (as defined in Amendment No. 5)Agreements.
For the avoidance of doubt, any accrued and unpaid dividends, or any dividends paid in the form of additional capital stock or
preferred equity under the terms of the Securities Purchase AgreementAgreements shall not violate any term of this Agreement.

(e) Transactions
with Affiliates. The Issuer Parties shall not, nor shall they permit any of their Subsidiaries to enter into or permit to
exist any transaction or series of transactions with any officer, director or Affiliate of such Person other than (a) advances
of working capital to any Issuer Party, (b) transfers of cash and assets to any Issuer Party, (c) intercompany transactions (i)
between Issuer Parties not involving any other Affiliate or (ii) expressly permitted by this Agreement, (d) normal and reasonable
compensation and reimbursement of expenses of officers and directors, (e) Restricted Payments permitted by Section 8(d),
and (f) except as otherwise specifically limited in this Agreement, other transactions which are entered into in the ordinary
course of such Persons business on fair and reasonable terms and conditions substantially as favorable to such Person as
would be obtainable by it in a comparable arms-length transaction with a Person other than an officer, director or Affiliate.

37

(f) Investments.
The Issuer Parties shall not, nor shall they permit any of their Subsidiaries to, make or hold any Investments, except:

(i) Investments
held by the Parent and its Subsidiaries in the form of cash or Cash Equivalents;

(ii) advances
to officers, directors and employees of the Parent and Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount not to exceed $165,000 in any fiscal
year of the Parent for travel, entertainment, relocation and analogous ordinary business purposes;

(iii) (i)
Investments by the Parent and its Subsidiaries in their respective Subsidiaries outstanding on the date hereof, (ii) additional
Investments by the Parent and its Subsidiaries in Issuer Parties, (iii) additional Investments by Subsidiaries of the Parent that
are not Issuer Parties in other Subsidiaries that are not Issuer Parties and (iv) so long as no Default has occurred and is continuing
or would result from such Investment, additional Investments by the Issuer Parties in wholly-owned Subsidiaries that are not Issuer
Parties (x) to fund capital requirements of Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount under this clause (x) not to exceed $11,000,000
in any fiscal year, (y) [reserved] and (z) [reserved];

(iv) Investments
consisting of extensions of credit in the nature of accounts receivable or notes receivable arising from the grant of trade credit
in the ordinary course of business, and Investments received in satisfaction or partial satisfaction thereof from financially
troubled account debtors to the extent reasonably necessary in order to prevent or limit loss;

(v) Guarantees
permitted by Section 8 and unsecured guarantees of obligations not constituting Indebtedness in the ordinary course
of business;

(vi) Investments
existing on the date hereof (other than those referred to in Section 8(f)(iii)(i)) and set forth on Schedule
8(f) of the Disclosure Letter;

(vii) Permitted
Acquisitions (other than of CFCs and Subsidiaries held directly or indirectly by a CFC which Investments are covered by Section
8(f)(iii)(iv));

(viii) Investments
not exceeding $5,500,000 in the aggregate in any fiscal year of the Borrowers; provided that no Event of Default has occurred
and is continuing or would result from such Investment;

(ix) Loans
to employees, officers and directors relating to the purchase of Equity Interests pursuant to employee stock option or purchase
plans or agreements; provided that the aggregate outstanding amount of any such Loans made in cash shall not exceed $275,000
per year;

(x) intercompany
liabilities arising from cash management, tax, and accounting operations and intercompany loans, advances or indebtedness, in
each case having a term not exceeding 364 days (inclusive of any rollover or extension of terms) and made in the ordinary course
of business;

38

(xi) Investments
(including debt obligations) received in connection with the bankruptcy or reorganization of suppliers and customers and in settlement
of delinquent obligations of, and other disputes with, customers and suppliers arising in the ordinary course of business;

(xii) Investments
of any Person that becomes a Subsidiary after the Closing Date pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition; provided that (i) such
Investments exist at the time such Person is acquired and (ii) such Investments are not made in anticipation or contemplation
of such Person becoming a Subsidiary;

(xiii) Investments
consisting of the endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course
of business; and

(xiv) Investments
in connection with the Permitted Tax Restructuring; and

(xv) Any
Investments that are expressly permitted by the Approved Budget.

(g) Fundamental
Changes. The Issuer Parties shall not, nor shall they permit any of their Subsidiaries to, merge, dissolve, liquidate, consolidate
with or into another Person, or Dispose of (whether in one transaction or in a series of transactions) all or substantially all
of its assets (whether now owned or hereafter acquired) to or in favor of any Person, except that, so long as no Default exists
or would result therefrom:

(i) any
Subsidiary may merge with (i) any Note Obligor; provided that such Note Obligor shall be the continuing or surviving Person,
or (ii) any one or more other Subsidiaries (other than a Note Obligor), provided that when any Issuer Party (other than
a Note Obligor) is merging with another Subsidiary, such Issuer Party or a Person that becomes an Issuer Party substantially concurrently
with such merger shall be the continuing or surviving Person;

(ii) any
Issuer Party (other than a Note Obligor) may Dispose of all or substantially all of its assets (upon voluntary liquidation or
otherwise) to a Note Obligor or to another Issuer Party;

(iii) any
Subsidiary that is not an Issuer Party may dispose of all or substantially all its assets (including any Disposition that is in
the nature of a liquidation or dissolution) to (i) another Subsidiary that is not an Issuer Party or (ii) to an Issuer Party;

(iv) so
long as no Default has occurred and is continuing, any Subsidiary of the Parent may merge into or consolidate with any other Person
or permit any other Person to merge into or consolidate with it; provided that (i) the Person surviving such merger or
consolidation shall be a wholly-owned (other than directors qualifying shares or shares required by applicable law to be
held by a third party) Subsidiary of the Parent, (ii) in the case of any such merger or consolidation to which a Note Obligor
is a party, such Note Obligor is the surviving Person and, (iii) in the case of any such merger or consolidation to which any
Issuer Party (other than any Note Obligor) is a party, such Issuer Party or a Person that becomes an Issuer Party substantially
concurrently with such merger or consolidation is the surviving Person;

39

(v) the
Issuer Parties and their Subsidiaries may consummate the Permitted Tax Restructuring.

(h) Changed
in Nature of Business. The Issuer Parties shall not, nor shall they permit any of its Subsidiaries to, engage in any material
line of business substantially different from those lines of business conducted by the Parent and its Subsidiaries on the date
hereof or any business substantially related or incidental thereto.

(i) Amendments
to Organization Documents; Fiscal Year; Legal Name; Accounting Changes. The Issuer Parties shall not, nor shall they permit
any of its Subsidiaries to, (a) amend or permit any amendments to any of its Organization Documents, if such amendment, termination,
or waiver would be adverse to the Investors in any material respect; (b) change its fiscal year; provided that any acquired Subsidiary
may change its fiscal year to coincide with the Note Obligors fiscal year; (c) without providing at least ten (10) days
prior written notice to the Investors (or such shorter period of time as agreed to by the Required Investors), change its name,
state of formation, form of organization or principal place of business; or (d) make any change in accounting policies or reporting
practices, except as required by GAAP.

(j) Additional
Guarantors. The Issuer Parties will not permit any of their Subsidiaries to become an obligor with respect to any Indebtedness
under the Senior Credit Agreement unless such Subsidiary, contemporaneously, executes and delivers a joinder, a form of which
is attached as Exhibit C, providing for a Guaranty of the Guaranteed Obligations and joinders to the Subordination
Agreement and Collateral Documents, together with any other filings and agreements required by the Collateral Documents to create
or perfect the security interests benefit of the Collateral Agent in the Collateral of such Subsidiary, if applicable.

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, (i) no covenant that would breach the terms of Section 7.09 of the Senior Credit Agreement or Section 12; Dispositions,
Liens and Encumbrances of the TPC Credit Agreement shall be effective until the date of the First Funding Event and (ii) nothing
in any Transaction Document shall prohibit or restrict the consummation of the Merger Transaction and the transactions related
thereto.

9. Guaranty.

(a) Guaranty
of the Obligations. The Guarantors jointly and severally hereby irrevocably, absolutely and unconditionally guaranty the due
and punctual payment in full of all Obligations when the same shall become due, whether at stated maturity, by required prepayment,
declaration, acceleration, demand or otherwise (including amounts that would become due but for the operation of the automatic
stay under Section 362(a) of the Bankruptcy Code, 11 U.S.C. 362(a)) (collectively, the Guaranteed Obligations);
provided that the Guaranteed Obligations of each Note Obligor in its capacity as a Guarantor shall exclude any Direct Issuer Obligations.

(b) Payment
by Guarantors. The Guarantors hereby jointly and severally agree, in furtherance of the foregoing and not in limitation of
any other right which any Beneficiary may have at law or in equity against any Guarantor by virtue hereof, that upon the failure
of the Note Obligors or any other Guarantor to pay any of the Guaranteed Obligations when and as the same shall become due, whether
at stated maturity, by required prepayment, declaration, acceleration, demand or otherwise, Guarantors will upon demand pay, or
cause to be paid, in cash, ratably to the Beneficiaries, an amount equal to the sum of the unpaid principal amount of all Guaranteed
Obligations then due as aforesaid, accrued and unpaid interest on such Guaranteed Obligations (including interest which, but for
the Note Obligors becoming the subject of a case under the Bankruptcy Code, would have accrued on such Guaranteed Obligations,
whether or not a claim is allowed against the Note Obligors for such interest in the related bankruptcy case) and all other Guaranteed
Obligations then owed to the Beneficiaries as aforesaid.

40

(c) Liability
of Guarantors Absolute. Each Guarantor agrees that its obligations hereunder are irrevocable, absolute, independent and unconditional
and shall not be affected by any circumstance which constitutes a legal or equitable discharge of a guarantor or surety other
than payment in full of the Guaranteed Obligations. In furtherance of the foregoing and without limiting the generality thereof,
each Guarantor agrees as follows:

(i) this
Guaranty is a guaranty of payment when due and not of collectability and this Guaranty is a primary obligation of each Guarantor
and not merely a contract of surety;

(ii) the
Issuer Party may enforce this Guaranty during the continuation of an Event of Default notwithstanding the existence of any dispute
between the Note Obligors and any Beneficiary with respect to the existence of such Event of Default;

(iii) the
obligations of each Guarantor hereunder are independent of the obligations of the Note Obligors and the obligations of any other
guarantor (including any other Guarantor) of the obligations of the Note Obligors, and a separate action or actions may be brought
and prosecuted against such Guarantor whether or not any action is brought against the Note Obligors, any such other guarantor
or any other Person and whether or not the Note Obligors, any such other guarantor or any other Person is joined in any such action
or actions;

(iv) payment
by any Guarantor of a portion, but not all, of the Guaranteed Obligations shall in no way limit, affect, modify or abridge any
Guarantors liability for any portion of the Guaranteed Obligations which has not been paid. Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, if the Beneficiaries are awarded a judgment in any suit brought to enforce any Guarantors covenant to
pay a portion of the Guaranteed Obligations, such judgment shall not be deemed to release such Guarantor from its covenant to
pay the portion of the Guaranteed Obligations that is not the subject of such suit, and such judgment shall not, except to the
extent satisfied by such Guarantor, limit, affect, modify or abridge any other Guarantors liability hereunder in respect
of the Guaranteed Obligations;

(v) any
Beneficiary, upon such terms as it deems appropriate under the relevant Transaction Document, without notice or demand and without
affecting the validity or enforceability hereof or giving rise to any reduction, limitation, impairment, discharge or termination
of any Guarantors liability hereunder, from time to time may (i) renew, extend, accelerate, increase the rate of interest
on, or otherwise change the time, place, manner or terms of payment of the Guaranteed Obligations; (ii) settle, compromise, release
or discharge, or accept or refuse any offer of performance with respect to, or substitutions for, the Guaranteed Obligations or
any agreement relating thereto and/or subordinate the payment of the same to the payment of any other obligations; (iii) request
and accept other guaranties of the Guaranteed Obligations and take and hold security for the payment hereof or the Guaranteed
Obligations; (iv) release, surrender, exchange, substitute, compromise, settle, rescind, waive, alter, subordinate or modify,
with or without consideration, any security for payment of the Guaranteed Obligations, any other guaranties of the Guaranteed
Obligations, or any other obligation of any Person (including any other Guarantor) with respect to the Guaranteed Obligations;
(v) enforce and apply any security now or hereafter held by or for the benefit of such Beneficiary in respect hereof or the Guaranteed
Obligations and direct the order or manner of sale thereof, or exercise any other right or remedy that such Beneficiary may have
against any such security, in each case as such Beneficiary in its discretion may determine consistent herewith and any applicable
security agreement, including foreclosure on any such security pursuant to one or more judicial or nonjudicial sales, whether
or not every aspect of any such sale is commercially reasonable, and even though such action operates to impair or extinguish
any right of reimbursement or subrogation or other right or remedy of any Guarantor against any other Issuer Party or any security
for the Guaranteed Obligations; and (vi) exercise any other rights available to it under the Transaction Documents; and

41

(vi) this
Guaranty and the obligations of the Guarantors hereunder shall be valid and enforceable and shall not be subject to any reduction,
limitation, impairment, discharge or termination for any reason (other than payment in full of the Guaranteed Obligations (other
than contingent indemnification obligations for which no claim has been made)), including the occurrence of any of the following,
whether or not any Guarantor shall have had notice or knowledge of any of them: (i) any failure or omission to assert or enforce
or agreement or election not to assert or enforce, or the stay or enjoining, by order of court, by operation of law or otherwise,
of the exercise or enforcement of, any claim or demand or any right, power or remedy (whether arising under the Transaction Documents,
at law, in equity or otherwise) with respect to the Guaranteed Obligations or any agreement relating thereto, or with respect
to any other guaranty of or security for the payment of the Guaranteed Obligations; (ii) any rescission, waiver, amendment or
modification of, or any consent to departure from, any of the terms or provisions (including provisions relating to events of
default) hereof, any of the other Transaction Documents or any agreement or instrument executed pursuant thereto, or of any other
guaranty or security for the Guaranteed Obligations, in each case whether or not in accordance with the terms hereof or such Transaction
Document or any agreement relating to such other guaranty or security; (iii) the Guaranteed Obligations, or any agreement relating
thereto, at any time being found to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any respect; (iv) the application of payments received
from any source (other than payments received pursuant to the other Transaction Documents or from the proceeds of any security
for the Guaranteed Obligations, except to the extent such security also serves as collateral for indebtedness other than the Guaranteed
Obligations) to the payment of indebtedness other than the Guaranteed Obligations, even though any Beneficiary might have elected
to apply such payment to any part or all of the Guaranteed Obligations; (v) the change, reorganization or termination of the corporate
structure or existence of the Note Obligors or any of their Subsidiaries and to any corresponding restructuring of the Guaranteed
Obligations, whether or not consented to by any Beneficiary; (vi) any failure to perfect or continue perfection of a security
interest in any collateral which secures any of the Guaranteed Obligations; (vii) any defenses, set offs or counterclaims which
the Note Obligors or any other Person may allege or assert against any Beneficiary in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations, including
failure of consideration, breach of warranty, payment, statute of frauds, accord and satisfaction and usury; and (viii) any other
act or thing or omission, or delay to do any other act or thing, which may or might in any manner or to any extent vary the risk
of any Guarantor as an obligor in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations.

42

Anything
contained in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, the obligations of each Guarantor in respect of its Guaranty shall
be limited to an aggregate amount equal to the largest amount that would not render its obligations under this Agreement subject
to avoidance as a fraudulent transfer or conveyance under Section 548 of the Bankruptcy Code of the United States or any comparable
provisions of any similar federal or state law; provided, however, that this limitation shall not apply to any Note
Obligor with respect to its Direct Issuer Obligations.

(d) Waivers
by Guarantors. Each Guarantor hereby waives, for the benefit of the Beneficiaries: (a) any right to require any Beneficiary,
as a condition of payment or performance by such Guarantor, to (1) proceed against the Note Obligors, any other guarantor (including
any other Guarantor) of the Guaranteed Obligations or any other Person, (2) proceed against or exhaust any security held from
the Note Obligors, any such other guarantor or any other Person, (3) proceed against or have resort to any balance of any deposit
account or credit on the books of any Beneficiary in favor of any Issuer Party or any other Person, or (4) pursue any other remedy
in the power of any Beneficiary whatsoever; (b) any defense arising by reason of the incapacity, lack of authority or any disability
or other defense of the Note Obligors or any other Guarantor including any defense based on or arising out of the lack of validity
or the unenforceability of the Guaranteed Obligations or any agreement or instrument relating thereto or by reason of the cessation
of the liability of the Note Obligors or any other Guarantor from any cause other than payment in full of the Guaranteed Obligations;
(c) any defense based upon any statute or rule of law which provides that the obligation of a surety must be neither larger in
amount nor in other respects more burdensome than that of the principal; (d) any defense based upon any Beneficiarys errors
or omissions in the administration of the Guaranteed Obligations, except behavior which amounts to bad faith, gross negligence
or willful misconduct; (e) (i) any principles or provisions of law, statutory or otherwise, which are or might be in conflict
with the terms hereof and any legal or equitable discharge of such Guarantors obligations hereunder, (ii) any rights to
set offs, recoupments and counterclaims, (iii) promptness, diligence and any requirement that any Beneficiary protect, secure,
perfect or insure any security interest or lien or any property subject thereto, and (iv) notices, demands, presentments, protests,
notices of protest, notices of dishonor and notices of any action or inaction, including acceptance hereof, notices of default
hereunder or any agreement or instrument related thereto, notices of any renewal, extension or modification of the Guaranteed
Obligations or any agreement related thereto, notices of any extension of credit to the Note Obligors and notices of any of the
matters referred to in Section 9(c) and any right to consent to any thereof; and (f) any defenses or benefits that
may be derived from or afforded by law which limit the liability of or exonerate guarantors or sureties, or which may conflict
with the terms hereof, in each case other than the indefeasible payment in full of the Guaranteed Obligations.

(e) Guarantors
Rights of Subrogation, Contribution, Etc. Until the Guaranteed Obligations shall have been paid in full (other than contingent
indemnification obligations for which no claim has been made), each Guarantor hereby waives any claim, right or remedy, direct
or indirect, that such Guarantor now has or may hereafter have against the Note Obligors or any other Guarantor or any of its
assets in connection with this Guaranty or the performance by such Guarantor of its obligations hereunder, in each case whether
such claim, right or remedy arises in equity, under contract, by statute, under common law or otherwise and including, (i) any
right of subrogation, reimbursement or indemnification that such Guarantor now has or may hereafter have against the Note Obligors
with respect to the Guaranteed Obligations, (ii) any right to enforce, or to participate in, any claim, right or remedy that any
Beneficiary now has or may hereafter have against the Note Obligors, and (iii) any benefit of, and any right to participate in,
any collateral or security now or hereafter held by any Beneficiary. In addition, until the Guaranteed Obligations shall have
been paid in full (other than contingent indemnification obligations for which no claim has been made), each Guarantor shall withhold
exercise of any right of contribution such Guarantor may have against any other guarantor (including any other Guarantor) of the
Guaranteed Obligations. Each Guarantor further agrees that, to the extent the waiver or agreement to withhold the exercise of
its rights of subrogation, reimbursement, indemnification and contribution as set forth herein is found by a court of competent
jurisdiction to be void or voidable for any reason, any rights of subrogation, reimbursement or indemnification such Guarantor
may have against the Note Obligors or against any collateral or security, and any rights of contribution such Guarantor may have
against any such other guarantor, shall be junior and subordinate to any rights any Beneficiary may have against the Note Obligors,
to all right, title and interest any Beneficiary may have in any such collateral or security, and to any right any Beneficiary
may have against such other guarantor. If any amount shall be paid to any Guarantor on account of any such subrogation, reimbursement,
indemnification or contribution rights at any time when all Guaranteed Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations
for which no claim has been made) shall not have been paid in full, such amount shall be held in trust for the Beneficiaries and
shall forthwith be paid over to Beneficiaries to be credited and applied ratably against the Guaranteed Obligations, whether matured
or unmatured, in accordance with the terms hereof.

43

(f) Subordination
of Other Obligations. Any Indebtedness of the Note Obligors or any Guarantor now or hereafter held by any Guarantor (the Obligee
Guarantor) is hereby subordinated in right of payment to the Guaranteed Obligations, and any such Indebtedness collected
or received by the Obligee Guarantor after an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing shall be held in trust for the Beneficiaries
and shall forthwith be paid over to the Beneficiaries to be ratably credited and applied against the Guaranteed Obligations but
without affecting, impairing or limiting in any manner the liability of the Obligee Guarantor under any other provision hereof.

(g) Continuing
Guaranty. This Guaranty is a continuing guaranty and shall (i) remain in effect until all of the Guaranteed Obligations (other
than contingent indemnification obligations for which no claim has been made) shall have been paid in full (ii) be binding upon
each Guarantor, its successors and assigns and (iii) inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Beneficiaries and their
successors, transferees and assigns. Each Guarantor hereby irrevocably waives any right to revoke this Guaranty as to future transactions
giving rise to any Guaranteed Obligations.

(h) Authority
of Guarantors or the Note Obligors. It is not necessary for any Beneficiary to inquire into the capacity or powers of any
Guarantor or the Note Obligors or the officers, directors or any agents acting or purporting to act on behalf of any of them.

(i) Financial
Condition of the Note Obligors. Any Note may be sold by the Note Obligors, in each case without notice to or authorization
from any Guarantor regardless of the financial or other condition of the Note Obligors or any other Issuer Party at the time of
any such grant or continuation, as the case may be. No Beneficiary shall have any obligation to disclose or discuss with any Guarantor
its assessment, or any Guarantors assessment, of the financial condition of the Note Obligors or any other Issuer Party.
Each Guarantor has adequate means to obtain information from the Note Obligors and the other Issuer Parties on a continuing basis
concerning the financial condition of the Note Obligors and the other Issuer Parties and their respective ability to perform their
obligations under the Transaction Documents, and each Guarantor assumes the responsibility for being and keeping informed of the
financial condition of the Note Obligors and each other Issuer Party and of all circumstances bearing upon the risk of nonpayment
of the Guaranteed Obligations. Each Guarantor hereby waives and relinquishes any duty on the part of any Beneficiary to disclose
any matter, fact or thing relating to the business, operations or conditions of the Note Obligors or any other Issuer Party now
known or hereafter known by any Beneficiary.

44

(j) Bankruptcy,
Etc.

(i) So
long as any Guaranteed Obligations remain outstanding, no Guarantor shall, without the prior written consent of the Required Investors,
commence or join with any other Person in commencing any bankruptcy, reorganization or insolvency case or proceeding of or against
the Note Obligors or any other Issuer Party. The obligations of the Guarantors hereunder shall not be reduced, limited, impaired,
discharged, deferred, suspended or terminated by any case or proceeding, voluntary or involuntary, involving the bankruptcy, insolvency,
receivership, reorganization, liquidation or arrangement of the Note Obligors or any other Issuer Party or by any defense which
the Note Obligors or any other Issuer Party may have by reason of the order, decree or decision of any court or administrative
body resulting from any such proceeding.

(ii) Each
Guarantor acknowledges and agrees that any interest on any portion of the Guaranteed Obligations which accrues after the commencement
of any case or proceeding referred to in clause (a) above (or, if interest on any portion of the Guaranteed Obligations ceases
to accrue by operation of law by reason of the commencement of such case or proceeding, such interest as would have accrued on
such portion of the Guaranteed Obligations if such case or proceeding had not been commenced) shall be included in the Guaranteed
Obligations because it is the intention of Guarantors and the Beneficiaries that the Guaranteed Obligations which are guaranteed
by Guarantors pursuant hereto should be determined without regard to any rule of law or order which may relieve the Note Obligors
or any other Issuer Party of any portion of such Guaranteed Obligations. Guarantors will permit any trustee in bankruptcy, receiver,
debtor in possession, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person to pay the Investors in respect of, any such interest
accruing after the date on which such case or proceeding is commenced.

In
the event that all or any portion of the Guaranteed Obligations are paid by the Note Obligors, or any Subsidiary of the Note Obligors,
the obligations of Guarantors hereunder shall continue and remain in full force and effect or be reinstated, as the case may be,
in the event that all or any part of such payment(s) are rescinded or recovered directly or indirectly from any Beneficiary as
a preference, fraudulent transfer or otherwise, and any such payments which are so rescinded or recovered shall constitute Guaranteed
Obligations for all purposes hereunder

45

10. Miscellaneous.

(a) Waivers
and Amendments. Any provision of this Agreement and the Notes may be amended, waived or modified only upon the written consent
of the Note Obligors and the Required Investors; provided, however, that no such amendment, waiver or consent shall
without each affected Investors written consent: (i) reduce the principal amount of or change the Maturity Date of any
Note, (ii) reduce the rate of or change the stated time for payment of principal or interest of any Note, (iii) extend or increase
any Commitment of any Investor without the written consent of such investor, (iv) reserved, (v) make any Note payable in a currency
other than that stated in such Note, (vi) change the ranking of any Note in any manner adverse to the rights of the affected Investor,
(vii) modify in a manner adverse to the rights of any Investor the provisions related to the redemption of any Note, (viii) impair
the right of any Investor to receive payment on, or with respect to, any Note or impair the right to initiate suit for the enforcement
of any delivery or payment on, or with respect to, any Note, (ix) modify any Transaction Document in a manner that disproportionately
adversely affects any Investor; provided, that treating all Investors in the same manner shall be deemed not to disproportionately
adversely affect any Investor, (x) waive any condition set forth in Sections 4 or 5 or (xi) waive
compliance with or modify this Section 10(a) in a manner adverse to any Investor; provided further, however,
that no such amendment, waiver or consent shall without the written consent of Collateral Agent and Notes Agent, change the duties,
rights, benefits or responsibilities of such Person or otherwise impact such Person. Any amendment or waiver effected in accordance
with this paragraph shall be binding upon all of the parties hereto. Notwithstanding the forgoing, the Note Obligors and the Collateral
Agent may amend or supplement any Transaction Document without the consent of any Investor to (1) cure any ambiguity, defect or
inconsistency which is not material, (2) to make, complete or confirm any grant of Collateral permitted or required by any of
the Collateral Documents, (3) to revise any schedule to reflect any change in notice information, (4) to revise the name of the
Collateral Agent on any UCC financing statement or other Collateral Document as may be necessary to reflect the replacement of
the Collateral Agent; provided that the Collateral Agent shall receive and may conclusively rely upon an Officers Certificate
of the Note Obligors stating that the execution of such amendment, modification or supplement is authorized and permitted by this
Agreement and the Transaction Documents and that all conditions precedent to the execution thereof have been complied with.

(b) Governing
Law. This Agreement and all actions arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be governed by and construed
in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to the conflicts of law provisions of the State of New York
or of any other state.

(c) Survival.
The representations, warranties, covenants and agreements made herein shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement.

46

(d) Successors
and Assigns. Subject to the restrictions on transfer described in Section 10(g) and the Notes, the rights and
obligations of the Note Obligors and the Investors shall be binding upon and benefit the successors, assigns, heirs, administrators
and transferees of the parties. In connection with any assignment or transfer of the Notes by an Investor in accordance with the
terms of the Notes, (i) the Notes Agent shall update Schedule I to reflect such assignment or transfer and provide a copy
of such updated Schedule I to the Collateral Agent, (ii) the assigning Investor shall, on the date of any such transfer
or assignment, provide written notice to the Notes Agent and Collateral Agent of such assignment or transfer (including the amount
of such assignment or transfer and the name of the assignee or transferee) together with a completed administrative questionnaire,
tax forms, any know your customer documentation and other forms with respect to any new Investors as may be required
or requested by the Collateral Agent pursuant to the Collateral Agency Agreement, (iii) any new Investor shall execute a Joinder
Agreement (as defined in the Collateral Agency Agreement) and (iv) a processing and recordation fee of $3,500 shall be
paid by assignor to Notes Agent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Investor may directly or indirectly offer, sell, assign or
transfer its commitment to purchase Notes without the prior written consent of the Note Obligors (such consent not to be unreasonably
withheld). Notwithstanding the foregoing an Investor may transfer its commitment in whole or in part without the consent of the
Note Obligors to any Affiliate which (i) is not a natural person and is an accredited investor (as defined in Regulation
D under the Securities Act), and (ii) has the financial ability to perform the obligation to purchase Notes, provided notice of
such assignment is delivered to the Notes Agent. In connection with any assignment or direct transfer of a commitment hereunder
(in whole or in part), the transferor and transferee shall enter into an Assignment and Assumption Agreement in the form of Exhibit
E hereto. Any purported assignment of a Note made without complying with the provisions of this Section 10(d) shall be
void and of no effect. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing herein shall restrict in any way any transfer or assignment by an Investor
of the Warrants (or any portion thereof) or the shares of Common Stock acquired pursuant to the exercise of such Warrants.

(e) Jurisdiction
and Process; Waiver of Jury Trial.

(i) Each
Issuer Party irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of any New York State or federal court sitting in the Borough
of Manhattan, The City of New York, over any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the Notes
or the other Transaction Documents. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each Issuer Party irrevocably waives and
agrees not to assert, by way of motion, as a defense or otherwise, any claim that it is not subject to the jurisdiction of any
such court, any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the laying of the venue of any such suit, action or proceeding
brought in any such court and any claim that any such suit, action or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in
an inconvenient forum.

(ii) Each
Issuer Party agrees, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, that a final judgment in any suit, action or proceeding
of the nature referred to in Section 10(e)(i) brought in any such court shall be conclusive and binding upon it
subject to rights of appeal, as the case may be, and may be enforced in the courts of the United States of America or the State
of New York (or any other courts to the jurisdiction of which it or any of its assets is or may be subject) by a suit upon such
judgment.

(iii) Each
Issuer Party consents to process being served by or on behalf of any Investor in any suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy
thereof by registered, certified, priority or express mail (or any substantially similar form of mail), postage prepaid, return
receipt or delivery confirmation requested, to it at its address specified in Section 10(i) or at such other address
of which such holder shall then have been notified pursuant to said Section. Each Issuer Party agrees that such service upon receipt
(i) shall be deemed in every respect effective service of process upon it in any such suit, action or proceeding and (ii) shall,
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, be taken and held to be valid personal service upon and personal delivery to
it. Notices hereunder shall be conclusively presumed received as evidenced by a delivery receipt furnished by the United States
Postal Service or any reputable commercial delivery service.

47

(iv) Nothing
in this Section 10(e) shall affect the right of any Investor, Collateral Agent or Notes Agent to serve process in
any manner permitted by law, or limit any right that the Investors, Collateral Agent or Notes Agent may have to bring proceedings
against any Issuer Party in the courts of any appropriate jurisdiction or to enforce in any lawful manner a judgment obtained
in one jurisdiction in any other jurisdiction.

(v) EACH
PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT
OF ANY LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF, UNDER, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER TRANSACTION
DOCUMENT. EACH PARTY HERETO (a) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY
OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (b) ACKNOWLEDGES
THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS, AS APPLICABLE,
BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 10(e).

(f) Tax
Treatment. The parties agree that for U.S. federal income tax purposes, (i) the Notes shall be treated as debt
and shall not be treated as contingent payment debt instruments within the meaning of U.S. Treasury regulation section
1.1275-4, (ii) the Warrants and the Notes are part of an investment unit within the meaning of Section 1273(c)(2)
of the Code, and (iii) the fair market values of the Warrants will be determined in good faith by the Note Obligor Representative
after the Closing Date in accordance with Section 1273(c)(2)(B) of the Code and Treasury Regulations Section 1.1273-2(h). No party
will take a position that is inconsistent with the foregoing on any tax return unless otherwise required by applicable law or
a final determination of the IRS or other applicable Governmental Authority.

(g) Assignment
by the Note Obligors. The rights, interests or obligations hereunder may not be assigned, by operation of law or otherwise,
in whole or in part, by the Note Obligors without the prior written consent of each of the Required Investors.

(h) Entire
Agreement. This Agreement together with the other Transaction Documents constitute and contain the entire agreement among
the Note Obligors and the Investors and supersede any and all prior agreements, negotiations, correspondence, understandings and
communications among the parties, whether written or oral, respecting the subject matter hereof.

(i) Notices.
All notices, requests, demands, consents, instructions or other communications required or permitted hereunder shall in writing
and mailed or delivered to each party as follows: (i) if to an Investor, at such Investors address set forth in the Notes
Register, or (ii) if to the Note Obligors, at the address set forth on the Note Obligors signature page hereto, or at such
other address as the Note Obligors shall have furnished to the Investors and Collateral Agent in writing. All such notices and
communications will be deemed effectively given the earlier of (i) when received, (ii) when delivered personally, (iii) one Business
Day after being deposited with an overnight courier service of recognized standing or (iv) four days after being deposited in
the U.S. mail, first class with postage prepaid.

48

(j) Expenses.
The Note Obligors will pay the reasonable costs and expenses of the Investors, including legal fees and expenses (limited to legal
fees and expenses of a single counsel to the Investors and, if reasonably required by the Required Investors, a single local counsel
of the Investors, (and solely in the case of a conflict of interest, one additional counsel in each relevant material jurisdiction,
but specifically excluding any separate counsel engaged by any individual Investor)) relating to (i) enforcing or defending (or
determining whether or how to enforce or defend) any rights under this Agreement or the Notes or in responding to any subpoena
or other legal process or informal investigative demand issued in connection with this Agreement or the Notes, or by reason of
being an Investor, (ii) any work-out or restructuring of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the Notes and (iii) preparing,
recording and filing all financing statements, instruments and other documents to create, perfect and fully preserve the liens
granted pursuant to the Transaction Documents and the rights of the Investors or of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the
Secured Parties. The Note Obligors will pay the fees and expenses of the Collateral Agent as set forth in the Collateral Agency
Agreement and the Fee Letter.

(k) Confidentiality.
Each Investor acknowledges and agrees that such Investor will keep confidential and will not disclose, divulge or use for any
purpose any business, technical, financial or other information or materials (whether written, oral or in any other form) provided
to such Investor (whether by the Note Obligors or its advisors or other representatives) in connection with or pursuant to this
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, together with all analyses,
compilations, interpretations, notes, studies or other documents prepared by such Investor or its Permitted Disclosees (as defined
below) which contain or otherwise reflect such information or materials or such Investors review of, or interest in, the
Note Obligors or any of the foregoing (collectively, the Confidential Information), unless such Confidential
Information (a) is known or becomes known to the public in general (other than as a result of a breach of this Section 10(k)
by such Investor), (b) is required to be disclosed by law or a governmental authority; provided, however, that an Investor
may disclose Confidential Information to officers, directors, members, Affiliates or limited partners or their respective general
partners, employees and legal, tax and accounting advisors of such Investor who have a need to know such information for the purpose
of monitoring and evaluating such Investors investment in the Note Obligors (and/or advising such Investor in connection
with such purpose) and who have expressly agreed to treat such Confidential Information confidentially in accordance with this
Agreement (collectively, the Permitted Disclosees), (c) is disclosed to any Qualified Transferee (as defined
in the Notes) to which any Investor sells or offers to sell a Note or any part thereof or any participation therein (if such Person
has agreed in writing prior to its receipt of such Confidential Information to be bound by this Section 10(k)) or
(d) if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, is disclosed to any Person to the extent that any Secured Party may
reasonably determine such delivery and disclosure to be necessary or appropriate in the enforcement or for the protection of the
rights and remedies under any Transaction Document, provided that such Secured Party uses reasonable efforts to ensure that the
recipient of such information maintains the confidentiality of such Confidential Information. For the avoidance of doubt, such
Investor shall not be permitted to disclose, divulge or use any Confidential Information to any Person if such Person, in the
reasonable good faith determination of each Note Obligors Board of Directors, carries on any business that is substantially
similar to such Note Obligors business. Even where any disclosure, divulgence or use of any Confidential Information is
permitted pursuant hereto, each Investor agrees that it will not export or re-export any Confidential Information except in compliance
with all United States and other export control laws and regulations. Each Investor further agrees to protect and maintain, and
to cause each Permitted Disclosee to protect and maintain, the confidentiality and security of, and to exercise the highest standard
of care as it exercises to prevent the unauthorized disclosure or unauthorized use of its own proprietary information, which shall
be no less than reasonable care, with respect to, the Confidential Information. Each Investor shall be liable for any disclosure
or unauthorized use by the Permitted Disclosees or other representatives of such Investor in contravention of this Section
10(k), and shall take reasonably appropriate steps to safeguard the Confidential Information from disclosure, misuse,
espionage, loss and theft. Each Investor further agrees to notify the Note Obligors in writing of any actual or suspected misuse,
misappropriation or unauthorized disclosure of the Confidential Information, which may come to its attention. In the event that
an Investor or any of its Permitted Disclosees receives a request or is required by a governmental authority to disclose all or
any Confidential Information, such Investor or its Permitted Disclosees, as the case may be, agree to (A) immediately notify the
Note Obligors of the existence, terms and circumstances surrounding such request, (B) consult with the Note Obligors on the advisability
of taking legally available steps to resist or narrow such request and (C) assist the Note Obligors in seeking a protective order
or other appropriate remedy. In the event that such protective order or other remedy is not obtained or that the Note Obligors
waives compliance with the provisions hereof, such Investor or its Permitted Disclosees, as the case may be, may disclose to any
governmental authority only that portion of the Confidential Information which such Investor is advised by counsel is legally
required to be disclosed, and such Investor shall exercise its best efforts to obtain assurance that confidential treatment will
be accorded such Confidential Information. Nothing in this Section 10(k) shall in any way limit or otherwise modify
any confidentiality covenants entered into by any Investor pursuant to any other agreement entered into with the Note Obligors.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Note Obligors acknowledges and agrees that each Investor may disclose such
information in respect of the Note Obligors and the Investors interest therein as is required under applicable securities
laws, rules or regulations or rules of a national securities exchange. The Note Obligors consent in advance to such disclosure
and any such disclosure shall not constitute a breach of this Section 10(k).

49

(l) Separability
of Agreements; Severability of this Agreement. The Note Obligors agreement with each of the Investors is a separate
agreement and the sale of the Notes to each of the Investors is a separate sale. Unless otherwise expressly provided herein, the
rights of each Investor hereunder are several rights, not rights jointly held with any of the other Investors. Any invalidity,
illegality or limitation on the enforceability of the Agreement or any part thereof, by any Investor whether arising by reason
of the law of the respective Investors domicile or otherwise, shall in no way affect or impair the validity, legality or
enforceability of this Agreement with respect to other Investors. If any provision of this Agreement shall be judicially determined
to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any
way be affected or impaired thereby.

50

(m) Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but all of which together
will constitute one and the same agreement. Facsimile copies of signed signature pages will be deemed binding originals.

(n) Collateral
Agent.

(i) Each
Investor hereby appoints and authorizes Alter Domus (US) LLC as Collateral Agent hereunder and in respect of the Collateral Documents,
with such powers as are expressly delegated to the Collateral Agent in the Collateral Agency Agreement and the other Transaction
Documents, together with such other powers are as reasonably incidental thereto.

(ii) Each
Investor hereby instructs the Collateral Agent to enter into the Collateral Agency Agreement and the other Collateral Documents
on the Closing Date.

(iii) The
Collateral Agent shall be entitled to the same rights, protections, immunities and indemnities as set forth in the Collateral
Agency Agreement and the Security Agreement, as if the provisions setting forth those rights, protections, immunities and indemnities
are fully set forth herein.

(o) Release
of Guarantors and Collateral. A Guarantor shall automatically be released from its obligations under the Transaction Documents
upon the request of the Note Obligors, in connection with a transaction permitted under this Agreement, as a result of which such
Guarantor ceases to be a wholly owned Subsidiary; provided that, if so required by this Agreement, the Required Investors shall
have consented to such transaction and the terms of such consent shall not have provided otherwise.

(i) Upon
the occurrence of the Termination Date, all obligations under the Transaction Documents shall be automatically released.

(ii) In
connection with any termination or release pursuant to this Section 10(o), the Investors and the Collateral Agent
shall execute and deliver to any Guarantor, at such Guarantors expense, all documents provided to it that such Guarantor
shall reasonably request to evidence such termination or release so long as the Note Obligors or the applicable Guarantor shall
have provided such certifications or documents in order to demonstrate compliance with this Agreement.

(iii) The
Collateral Agent shall, at the Note Obligors request and at the Note Obligors expense, release any Lien on any property
granted to or held by the Collateral Agent under any Transaction Document (A) upon satisfaction of any conditions to release specified
in any Collateral Document, (B) that is disposed of or to be disposed of as part of or in connection with any disposition permitted
hereunder or under any other Transaction Document to any Person other than an Issuer Party, (C) if approved, authorized or ratified
in writing by the Required Investor or all Investors, as applicable, as provided under this Agreement, (D) owned by a Guarantor
upon release of such Guarantor from its obligations under the Guaranty, or (E) as expressly provided in the Collateral Documents;
provided that the Collateral Agent shall receive and may conclusively rely upon an Officers Certificate of the Note Obligors
stating that such release is authorized and permitted by this Agreement and the Transaction Documents and that all conditions
precedent to such release have been complied with.

51

(iv) In
the event that (i) all the Equity Interests in any Guarantor are sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of to a Person other
than the Note Obligors or its Subsidiaries in a transaction permitted under this Agreement, (ii) a Guarantor ceases to be a Domestic
Subsidiary or (iii) a Guarantor would become an Excluded Subsidiary upon the consummation of any transaction permitted hereunder,
the Investors shall, at the Note Obligors expense, promptly take such action and execute such documents as the Note Obligors
may reasonably request to terminate the Guaranty of such Guarantor.

(p) Collateral
Agent as Third Party Beneficiary. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the Collateral Agent shall be
a third party beneficiary under this Agreement and the Notes and shall have all of the rights and benefits of a third party beneficiary
hereunder and thereunder, including an independent right of action to enforce any provisions in this Agreement or the Notes directly
against any or all of the Issuer Parties and the Investors. This provision and any rights, benefits and privileges of the Collateral
Agent in this Agreement or the Notes shall not be modified or amended without the Collateral Agents prior written consent.

(q) Note
Obligors Representative.

(i) Appointment;
Nature of Relationship. Parent is hereby appointed by each of the Note Obligors as its contractual representative (herein
referred to as the Note Obligors Representative) hereunder and under each other Transaction Document, and
each of the Note Obligors irrevocably authorizes the Note Obligors Representative to act as the contractual representative of
such Note Obligor with the rights and duties expressly set forth herein and in the other Transaction Documents. The Note Obligors
Representative agrees to act as such contractual representative upon the express conditions contained in this Section 10(q).
Additionally, the Note Obligors hereby appoint the Note Obligors Representative as their agent to receive all of the proceeds
of the Notes in the Note Obligors accounts, at which time the Note Obligors Representative shall promptly disburse such
proceeds to the Note Obligors. The Investors, the Collateral Agent, the Notes Agent and their respective officers, directors,
agents or employees, shall not be liable to the Note Obligors Representative or any Note Obligor for any action taken or omitted
to be taken by the Note Obligors Representative or the Note Obligors pursuant to this Section 10(q).

(ii) Powers.
The Note Obligors Representative shall have and may exercise such powers under the Transaction Documents as are specifically delegated
to the Note Obligors Representative by the terms of each thereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto.
The Note Obligors Representative shall have no implied duties to the Note Obligors, or any obligation to the Investors to take
any action thereunder except any action specifically provided by the Transaction Documents to be taken by the Note Obligors Representative.

(iii) Employment
of Agents. The Note Obligors Representative may execute any of its duties as the Note Obligors Representative hereunder and
under any other Transaction Document by or through authorized officers.

52

(iv) Successor
Note Obligor Representative. The Note Obligors Representative may resign at any time, such resignation to be effective upon
the appointment of a successor Note Obligors Representative.

(v) Execution
of Transaction Documents. The Note Obligors hereby empower and authorize the Note Obligors Representative, on behalf of the
Note Obligors, to execute and deliver to the Investors, the Collateral Agent and the Notes Agent the Transaction Documents and
all related agreements, certificates, documents, or instruments as shall be necessary or appropriate to effect the purposes of
the Transaction Documents. Each Note Obligor agrees that any action taken by the Note Obligors Representative or the Note Obligors
in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents, and the exercise by the Note Obligors Representative
of its powers set forth therein or herein, together with such other powers that are reasonably incidental thereto, shall be binding
upon all of the Note Obligors.

(Signature
Page Follows)

53

APPENDIX
1

DEFINITIONS

As
used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings specified below:

20
Broad Litigation means the litigation between Sonder USA Inc., Sonder Canada Inc., Sonder Holdings Inc. and Broad Street
Property in relation to the property located at 20 Broad Street, New York, New York as further detailed in schedule 3.19 of the
disclosure schedules of the Securities Purchase Agreement.

20
Broad Litigation Payment has the meaning set forth in Section 7(s).

Acquisition
means any transaction or series of related transactions resulting in the acquisition by the Note Obligors or any of their Subsidiaries,
whether by purchase, merger or otherwise, of all or substantially all of the assets of, all of the Equity Interests of, or a business
line or unit or a division of, any Person.

Affiliate
means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls
or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified.

Amendment
No. 3 means that certain Waiver, Forbearance and Third Amendment dated as of the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date, among
the Note Obligors, the Guarantors party thereto, the Investors listed on the signature pages thereto and the Collateral Agent.

Amendment
No. 3 Effective Date means the Agreement Effective Date as defined in Amendment No. 3.

Amendment
No. 4 means that certain Fourth Amendment dated as of the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date, among the Note Obligors,
the Guarantors party thereto, the Investors listed on the signature pages thereto and the Collateral Agent.

Amendment
No. 4 Effective Date means the Agreement Effective Date as defined in Amendment No. 4.

Amendment
No. 5 means that certain Waiver, Consent and Fifth Amendment dated as of the Amendment No. 5 Effective Date, among
the Note Obligors, the Guarantors party thereto, the Investors listed on the signature pages thereto and the Collateral Agent.

Amendment
No. 5 Effective Date means the Agreement Effective Date as defined in Amendment No. 5.

Amendment
No. 6 means that certain Waiver, Consent and Sixth Amendment dated as of the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date, among the
Note Obligors, the Guarantors party thereto, the Investors listed on the signature pages thereto and the Collateral Agent.

Amendment
No. 6 Effective Date means the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date as defined in Amendment No. 6.

Anti-Corruption
Laws means the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended from time to time, and other anti-bribery
or anti-corruption laws in effect in jurisdictions in which the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries do business.

Applicable
Bridge OID (PIK) means, with respect to any Bridge Funding Commitments, an upfront fee in an amount equal to 2.00%
of such Bridge Funding Commitments, payable in kind by adding such amount to the principal of the applicable Bridge Notes.

Applicable
First Additional Bridge OID (PIK) means, with respect to any Additional Bridge Funding Commitments, an upfront fee
in an amount equal to 2.00% of such Additional Bridge Funding Commitments, payable in kind by adding such amount to the principal
of the applicable First Additional Bridge Notes.

Applicable
Second Additional Funding OID (PIK) means, with respect to any Second Additional Funding Commitments, an upfront fee
in an amount equal to 2.00% of such Second Additional Funding Commitments, payable in kind by adding such amount to the principal
of the applicable Second Additional Notes.

Approved
Budget means the Cash Flow Forecast prepared by the Issuer Parties, as approved by the Investors in their sole discretion.

Assignment
and Assumption Agreement means an Assignment and Assumption Agreement in substantially the form attached hereto as
Exhibit E or as otherwise approved by the Required Investors from time to time.

Attributable
Indebtedness means, on any date, (a) in respect of any Capitalized Lease of any Person, the capitalized amount thereof
that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP, and (b) in respect of any
Synthetic Lease Obligation, the capitalized amount of the remaining lease or similar payments under the relevant lease or other
applicable agreement or instrument that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance
with GAAP if such lease or other agreement or instrument were accounted for as a Capitalized Lease.

Audited
Financial Statements means the audited Consolidated balance sheet of Parent and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2020, and the related Consolidated statements of income or operations, stockholders equity and cash
flows for such fiscal year, including the notes thereto.

2

Available
Excess Proceeds means Net Available Cash that is not applied or invested (or committed pursuant to a written agreement
to be applied or invested) within 365 days after receipt (or in the case of any amount committed to be so applied or reinvested,
which are not actually so applied or reinvested within 180 days following such 365 day period):

(a) in
the case of any Disposition by a Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor or consisting of Equity Securities of a Subsidiary that is
not a Guarantor, to repay Indebtedness of a Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor within 90 days of receipt of such Net Available
Cash;

(b) to
reinvest in or acquire assets (including Equity Securities or other securities purchased in connection with the acquisition of
Equity Securities or property of another Person that is or becomes a Subsidiary of the Company) used or useful in a Related Business;
provided that to the extent the assets subject to such Disposition were Collateral, such newly acquired assets shall also be Collateral;
or

(c) to
(i) repay, prepay, purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire Priority Payment Lien Obligations (and, if the Priority Payment Lien
Obligations so repaid, prepaid, purchased, redeemed or acquired, is under a revolving credit facility, effect a permanent reduction
in the availability thereunder in an amount equal to the aggregate principal amount of Priority Payment Lien Obligations under
such revolving credit facility so repaid, prepaid, purchased, redeemed or acquired), or (ii) cash collateralize Priority Payment
Lien Obligations.

Bankruptcy
Code means Chapter 11 of Title 11 of the United States Code, as amended from time to time and any successor statute
and all rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Beneficial
Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation.

Beneficial
Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230.

Beneficiary
means each holder of a Note, the Collateral Agent and the Notes Agent.

Board
means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America.

Board
of Directors of any Person means the board of directors or comparable governing body of such Person or any committee
thereof duly authorized to act on its behalf.

Bridge
Funding Commitments means as to each Investor, the amount set forth opposite each Investors name as a Bridge
Funding Commitment on Schedule II to this Agreement.

Bridge
Funding Event has the meaning set forth in Section 1(d)(iii).

Bridge
Notes means the Notes issued pursuant to this Agreement in connection with a Bridge Funding Event, substantially in
the form of Exhibit A-1, as amended and restated pursuant to Amendment No. 56.

Business
Day means any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York City are authorized
or required by law to remain closed.

Capitalized
Leases means all leases that have been or should be, in accordance with GAAP, recorded as capitalized leases; provided
that, all obligations that are or would have been treated as operating leases for purposes of GAAP prior to the issuance by
the Financial Accounting Standards Board on February 25, 2016 of an Accounting Standards Update (the ASU)
shall continue to be accounted for as operating leases for purposes of all financial definitions and calculations for purposes
of the Transaction Documents (whether or not such operating lease obligations were in effect on such date) notwithstanding the
fact that such obligations are required in accordance with the ASU (on a prospective or retroactive basis or otherwise) to be
treated as capitalized lease obligations in the financial statements to be delivered pursuant to the Transaction Documents. NothwithstandingNotwithstanding anything herein, all leases applicable to properties operated by the Note Obligors and their Subsidiaries providing
hospitality services to customers shall not constitute a Capitalized Lease for purposes of this Agreement.

3

Cash
Equivalents means:

(1) United
States dollars, or money in other currencies received in the ordinary course of business,

(2) U.S.
Government Obligations or certificates representing an ownership interest in U.S. Government Obligations with maturities not exceeding
one year from the date of acquisition,

(3) (i)
demand deposits, (ii) time deposits and certificates of deposit with maturities of one year or less from the date of acquisition,
(iii) bankers acceptances with maturities not exceeding one year from the date of acquisition, and (iv) overnight bank
deposits, in each case with any bank or trust company organized or licensed under the laws of the United States or any State thereof
having capital, surplus and undivided profits in excess of $500 million whose short-term debt is rated A-2 or higher
by S&P or P-2 or higher by Moodys,

(4) repurchase
obligations with a term of not more than thirty (30) days for underlying securities of the type described in clauses (2) and (3)
above entered into with any financial institution meeting the qualifications specified in clause (3) above,

(5) commercial
paper rated at least P-1 by Moodys or A-1 by S&P and maturing within one year after the date of acquisition,

(6) money
market funds at least 90% of the assets of which consist of investments of the type described in clauses (1) through (5) above;

(7) other
investments permitted from time to time under the investment policy of Parent and approved by Parents board of directors
from time to time; and

(8) in
the case of any Foreign Subsidiary, other short-term investments that are analogous to the foregoing, are of comparable credit
quality and are customarily used by companies in the jurisdiction of such Foreign Subsidiary for cash management purposes.

Cash
Flow Forecast means a 13-week cash flow forecast of the Issuer Parties, on a consolidated basis, for the then applicable
period, as approved by the Investors in their sole discretion, which shall include, among other things, anticipated cash collections
and receipts and anticipated disbursements for each calendar week covered thereby.

4

CFC
means (a) each Subsidiary that is a controlled foreign corporation (within the meaning of Section 957 of the Code
and the U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder) and (b) each Subsidiary of any such controlled foreign corporation described
in clause (a) above.

Closing
Date means December 10, 2021.

Code
means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

Collateral
means all of the Collateral referred to in the Collateral Documents and all of the other property that is
or is intended under the terms of the Collateral Documents to be subject to Liens in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit
of the Investors.

Collateral
Access Agreement means a landlord waiver, bailee letter, processor letter or acknowledgment of any lessor, warehouseman,
processor, consignee or other Person in possession of, having a Lien upon, or having rights or interests in any Issuer Partys
or its Subsidiaries books and records, equipment or inventory, in each case, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to the Investors.

Collateral
Agency Agreement means that certain Collateral Agency Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, between the Issuer Parties,
the Collateral Agent and the Investors.

Collateral
Agent means Alter Domus (US), LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.

Collateral
Documents means, collectively, the Security Agreement, any Joinder Agreement, each of the mortgages, collateral assignments,
security agreements, pledge agreements or other similar agreements delivered to the Investors pursuant to Section 7(k)
or 7(i), and each of the other agreements, instruments or documents delivered by or on behalf of any Issuer Party
pursuant to this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents that creates or purports to create a Lien in favor of the
Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties.

Commitment
means, as to each Investor, the amount set forth opposite each Investors name on Schedule I to this Agreement. Commitments
means the aggregate Commitments of all Investors.

Common
Stock means the common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Parent.

Consolidated
means, when used with reference to financial statements or financial statement items of the Parent and its Subsidiaries or any
other Person, such statements or items on a consolidated basis in accordance with the consolidation principles of GAAP.

5

Consolidated
Adjusted EBITDA means, for any period, Consolidated Net Income for such period plus, all as determined on a consolidated
basis, without duplication and to the extent reflected as a charge in the statement of such Consolidated Net Income for such period,
the sum of: (a) consolidated tax expense based on income, profits or capital, including state, franchise, capital and similar
taxes and withholding taxes paid or accrued during such period, (b) total interest expense, and, to the extent not reflected in
such total interest expense, any losses on hedging obligations or other derivative instruments entered into for the purpose of
hedging interest rate risk, net of gains on such hedging obligations or such derivative instruments, and financial institution
and letter of credit fees and costs of surety bonds in connection with financing activities plus expenses associated with the
equity component of, and any mark to market losses with respect to, convertible debt instruments, (c) depreciation and amortization
expense, (d) amortization of intangibles (including, but not limited to, goodwill), (e) extraordinary, unusual or non-recurring
costs, fees, charges and other expenses, including fees, charges and expenses incurred that are (or are expected to be within
one year of the end of such period with a deduction in the subsequent period to the extent not so reimbursed or paid) reimbursed
or actually paid by a third party or under indemnification or reimbursement provisions, (f) costs or expenses reasonably identified
by Parent as incurred in connection with entry into or expansion of new markets, strategic initiatives and contracts, software
development and new systems design, new product offerings, project start-up costs, and related integration and systems establishment
costs, including any on-going operating losses in respect thereof for a period of no more than 24 months after commencement of
such operations or expansion, (g) non-cash equity-based compensation expenses and payroll tax expense related to equity-based
compensation expenses, (h) any other non-cash charges, non-cash expenses or non-cash losses (excluding any such charge, expense
or loss incurred in the ordinary course of business that constitutes an accrual of, or a reserve for, cash charges for any future
period); provided, however that cash payments made in such period or in any future period in respect of such non-cash charges,
expenses or losses (excluding any such charge, expense or loss incurred in the ordinary course of business that constitutes an
accrual of, or a reserve for, cash charges for any future period) shall be subtracted from Consolidated Net Income in calculating
Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA in the period when such payments are made, (i) transition, integration, business optimization and
similar fees, charges and expenses related to acquisitions, business combinations, dispositions and exiting lines of business,
(j) restructuring, discontinued operations or similar charges, (k) pro forma run rate cost savings, operating expense
reductions and synergies (including expected revenue enhancements) relating to acquisitions, business combinations, dispositions
and other initiatives that are reasonably identifiable and projected in good faith by Parent to result from actions that have
been taken or with respect to which substantial steps have been taken or initiated or are expected to be taken with the first
eight full fiscal quarters after such event, (l) accruals or expenses related to settlements or payment of legal claims, (m) foreign
currency translation expense, (n) transaction costs associated with this Agreement and the Merger Transactions and the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby and with any actual, proposed or contemplated issuance of Equity Interests (including any expense
relating to enhanced accounting functions or other costs associated with becoming a public company), the making of any Investment,
acquisition, joint venture or disposition, or the issuance or incurrence of Indebtedness or refinancings, (o) in connection with
acquisitions of foreign Subsidiaries, expenses recognized on conversion from IFRS to GAAP for items capitalized under IFRS but
expensed under GAAP, and (p) cash receipts (or any netting arrangements resulting in reduced cash expenditures) not included in
the calculation of Consolidated Net Income in any period to the extent non-cash gains relating to such income were deducted in
the calculation of Adjusted EBITDA pursuant to clause (iii) below for any previous period and not added back; provided that, for
any period, the aggregate amount added pursuant to clauses (f), (i), (j) and (k) shall not exceed 35% of Adjusted EBITDA for the
applicable period (calculated before giving effect to such addbacks); and minus, to the extent included in the statement of such
Consolidated Net Income for such period, the sum of: (i) interest income, (ii) any extraordinary income or gains determined in
accordance with GAAP, and (iii) any other non-cash income other than accrual of revenue in the ordinary course of business (excluding
any items that represent the reversal of any accrual of, or cash reserve for, anticipated cash charges in any prior period that
are described in the parenthetical to clause (h) above).

6

Consolidated
Capital Expenditures means, for any period, the sum of the aggregate of all expenditures (whether paid in cash or other
consideration or accrued as a liability and including that portion of Capital Leases which is capitalized in such period on the
consolidated balance sheet of the Note Obligors) by the Note Obligors during that period that, in conformity with GAAP, are included
in additions to property, plant or equipment or comparable items reflected in the consolidated statement of cash
flows of the Note Obligors.

Consolidated
Cash Interest Expense means, for any period, (x) Consolidated Interest Expense for such period excluding (i) any interest
expense not payable in cash (such as pay-in-kind interest, non-cash amortization and write-off of discount and debt issuance costs),
and (ii) annual agency fees or any other similar fees paid to the Notes Agent in for its benefit and not for the benefit of any
Investor during such period (y) gross interest income for such period.

Consolidated
Interest Expense means, for any period, total interest expense (including that portion attributable to Capital Leases
in accordance with GAAP and capitalized interest) of the Note Obligors on a consolidated basis with respect to all outstanding
Indebtedness of the Note Obligors, including all commissions, discounts and other fees and charges owed with respect to letters
of credit and bankers acceptance financing and fees payable to the Notes Agent and Investors that are considered interest
expense in accordance with GAAP.

Consolidated
Net Income for any period, the net income (loss) of Parent and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis determined
in conformity with GAAP; provided, however, that there will not be included in the determination of Consolidated Net Income the
effect of: (a) with respect to any Subsidiary that is not wholly owned but whose net income is consolidated in whole or in part
with the net income of Parent, the income of such Subsidiary solely to the extent that the declaration or payment of dividends
or similar distributions by such Subsidiary of that income is not permitted by operation of the terms of its organizational documents
or any law applicable to such Subsidiary; provided that Consolidated Net Income shall be increased by the amount of dividends
or distributions or other payments that are actually paid by such Subsidiary to Parent or any other Subsidiary; (b) any net gain
(or loss) realized upon the sale or other disposition of any asset or disposed operations (including pursuant to any sale and
leaseback) which is not sold or otherwise disposed of in the ordinary course of business; (c) the cumulative effect of a change
in accounting principles; and (d) any recapitalization or purchase accounting effects including, but not limited to, adjustments
to inventory, property and equipment, software and other intangible assets and deferred revenue in component amounts required
or permitted by GAAP and related authoritative pronouncements, as a result of any consummated Acquisition, or the amortization
or write-off of any amounts thereof (including any write-off of in process research and development). In addition, proceeds from
any business interruption insurance received in such period or which is reasonably expected to be received in a subsequent period
and within one year of the underlying loss shall be added to Consolidated Net Income; provided, that if not so received within
such one-year period, such amount shall be subtracted in the subsequent calculation period.

7

Contractual
Obligation means, as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument
or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound.

Control
means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a
Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled
have meanings correlative thereto. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, a Person shall be deemed to be Controlled
by another Person if such other Person possesses, directly or indirectly, power to vote ten percent (10%) or more of the securities
having ordinary voting power for the election of directors, managing general partners or the equivalent.

Copyrights
means, with respect to any Person, all of such Persons right, title, and interest in and to the following: (a) all copyrights,
rights and interests in copyrights, works protectable by copyright, copyright registrations, and copyright applications; (b) all
renewals of any of the foregoing; (c) all income, royalties, damages, and payments now or hereafter due and/or payable under any
of the foregoing, including, without limitation, damages or payments for past or future infringements for any of the foregoing;
(d) the right to sue for past, present, and future infringements of any of the foregoing; and (e) all rights corresponding to
any of the foregoing throughout the world.

Covered
Persons has the meaning given to such term in Section 2(j)(ii).

Debtor
Relief Laws means the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy,
assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor
relief Laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect.

Default
means any event or condition that constitutes an Event of Default or that, with the giving of any notice, the passage of time,
or both, would be an Event of Default.

Direct
Issuer Obligations means any Obligations of the Note Obligors under this Agreement.

Disclosure
Letter means the disclosure letter, dated the Closing Date, delivered by the Note Obligors to the Investors and the
Collateral Agent, as supplemented on the First Amendment Effective Date.

Disposition
or Dispose means the sale, transfer, license, lease or other disposition (including any Sale and Leaseback
Transaction and whether effected pursuant to a Division or otherwise) of any property by any Note Obligor or Subsidiary, including
any sale, assignment, transfer or other disposal, with or without recourse, of any notes or accounts receivable or any rights
and claims associated therewith, but excluding any Involuntary Disposition.

8

Disqualified
Equity Interest means, with respect to any Person, any Equity Interests of such Person that, by their terms (or by
the terms of any security or other Equity Interest into which they are convertible or for which they are exchangeable) or upon
the happening of any event or condition, (a) mature or are mandatorily redeemable (other than (i) solely for Qualified Equity
Interests or (ii) with respect to redeemable preferred equity with an aggregate issuance amount not to exceed $100,000,000, on
terms acceptable to the Required Investors), pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise (except as a result of a change
of control or asset sale so long as any rights of the holders thereof upon the occurrence of a change of control or asset sale
event shall be subject to the prior repayment in full in cash of the Notes and the Obligations (other than contingent indemnification
obligations and expense reimbursement obligations not then due and payable) and the termination or satisfaction of the Commitments),
(b) are redeemable at the option of the holder thereof (other than (i) solely for Qualified Equity Interest or (ii) with respect
to redeemable preferred equity with an aggregate issuance amount not to exceed $100,000,000, on terms acceptable to the Required
Investors) (except as a result of a change of control or asset sale so long as any rights of the holders thereof upon the occurrence
of a change of control or asset sale event shall be subject to the prior repayment in full in cash of the Notes and all other
Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations and expense reimbursement obligations not then due and payable)
and the termination or satisfaction of the Commitments), in whole or in part, (c) provide for the scheduled payment of dividends
in cash or (d) are or become convertible into, or exchangeable for, Indebtedness or any other Equity Interests that would constitute
Disqualified Equity Interests, in each case of clauses (a) through (d), prior to the date that is ninety-one (91) days after the
latest scheduled maturity date of the Notes; provided that if such Equity Interests are issued pursuant to a plan for the benefit
of the Parent or its Subsidiaries or by any such plan to such officers or employees, such Equity Interests shall not constitute
Disqualified Equity Interests solely because they may be required to be repurchased by the Parent or its Subsidiaries in order
to satisfy applicable statutory or regulatory obligations or as a result of such employees or officers termination,
death or disability; provided further that Equity Interests constituting Qualified Equity Interests when issued shall not cease
to constitute Qualified Equity Interests solely as a result of the subsequent extension of the latest scheduled maturity date
of the Notes and Commitments.

Disqualification
Events has the meaning given to such term in Section 2(j)(ii).

Division
means reference to any Person which is an entity, the division of such Person into two (2) or more separate Persons, with the
dividing Person either continuing or terminating its existence as part of such division, as contemplated under Section 18-217
of the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act, or any analogous action taken pursuant to any other applicable Laws.

dollars
or $ refers to lawful money of the United States of America.

Domestic
Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that is organized under the laws of any political subdivision of the United States.

Environmental
Laws means any and all federal, state, local, and foreign statutes, laws, regulations, ordinances, rules, judgments,
orders, decrees, permits, concessions, grants, franchises, licenses, agreements or governmental restrictions relating to pollution
and the protection of the environment or the release of any materials into the environment, including those related to hazardous
substances or wastes, air emissions and discharges to waste or public systems.

Environmental
Permit means any permit, approval, identification number, license or other authorization required under any Environmental
Law.

9

Equity
Interests means, with respect to any Person, all of the shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests
in) such Person, all of the warrants, options or other rights for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of shares of capital
stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, all of the securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares
of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person or warrants, rights or options for the purchase or
acquisition from such Person of such shares (or such other interests), and all of the other ownership or profit interests in such
Person (including partnership, member or trust interests therein), whether voting or nonvoting, and whether or not such shares,
warrants, options, rights or other interests are outstanding on any date of determination; provided that, notwithstanding
the foregoing, the term Equity Interests shall not include debt instruments that are convertible into, or exchangeable for, capital
stock and cash in lieu of fractional shares.

ERISA
means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974.

ERISA
Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) under common control with any Note Obligor within
the meaning of Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code (and Sections 414(m) and (o) of the Code for purposes of provisions relating
to Section 412 of the Code).

ERISA
Event means (a) a Reportable Event with respect to a Pension Plan; (b) the withdrawal of any Note Obligor or any ERISA
Affiliate from a Pension Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which such entity was a substantial
employer as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA or a cessation of operations that is treated as such a withdrawal under
Section 4062(e) of ERISA; (c) a complete or partial withdrawal by any Note Obligor or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiemployer
Plan or notification that a Multiemployer Plan is in reorganization; (d) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate, the treatment
of a Pension Plan amendment as a termination under Section 4041 or 4041A of ERISA; (e) the institution by the PBGC of proceedings
to terminate a Pension Plan; (f) any event or condition which constitutes grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination
of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan; (g) the determination that any Pension Plan is considered
an at-risk plan or a plan in endangered or critical status within the meaning of Sections 430, 431 and 432 of the Code or Sections
303, 304 and 305 of ERISA; (h) the imposition of any liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than for PBGC premiums due but not
delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA, upon any Note Obligor or any ERISA Affiliate or (i) a failure by any Note Obligor or any
ERISA Affiliate to meet all applicable requirements under the Pension Funding Rules in respect of a Pension Plan, whether or not
waived, or the failure by any Note Obligor or any ERISA Affiliate to make any required contribution to a Multiemployer Plan.

Event
of Default has the meaning set forth in the Notes.

Excess
Cash Flow means, for any period, an amount (if positive) equal to (i) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for such period
minus (ii) the sum, without duplication, of the amounts for such period of (a) voluntary and scheduled repayments of (A) the Obligations
under this Agreement and (B) Indebtedness that is senior to the Notes in right of payment to the extent such repayments or prepayments
are permitted hereunder, and not financed with the proceeds of long term Indebtedness and the Indebtedness so prepaid by its terms
cannot be re-borrowed or redrawn), (b) Consolidated Capital Expenditures (net of any proceeds of any related financings with respect
to such expenditures), (c) Consolidated Cash Interest Expense, (d) tax distributions paid or payable in cash with respect to such
period, (e) consideration paid in cash in relation to or committed to be used to finance such Permitted Acquisitions whether or
not such Permitted Acquisition is consummated, (f) cash fees and expenses in connection with exchanges or refinancings of (A)
the Obligations under this Agreement and (B) Indebtedness that is senior to the Notes in right of payment permitted hereunder
or early extinguishment of Indebtedness that is senior to the Notes in right of payment, in each case paid in such period (g)
cash indemnity payments made in such period pursuant to indemnification provisions in any agreement in connection with any disposition
or Investment (including Permitted Acquisitions) permitted hereunder, (h) any other changes in working capital related to rent
paid by the Note Obligors or their Subsidiaries that did not otherwise decrease Consolidated Net Income, (i) pro forma cost savings
and other pro forma adjustments added to Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA or Consolidated Net Income for such fiscal year, to the
extent not actually realized in such fiscal year and (j) the aggregate amount of any premium, make-whole or penalty payments actually
paid in cash during such period that are required to be made in connection with any prepayment of Obligations under this Agreement.
For the avoidance of doubt, solely to the extent such amounts are not already deducted from calculations or Consolidated Net Income,
any 20 Broad Litigation Payment shall be deducted from Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for purposes of calculating Excess Cash Flow.

10

In
addition, Excess Cash Flow shall be calculated to (i) add the aggregate amount of items that were deducted from
or not added to net income in calculating Consolidated Net Income or were deducted from or not added to Consolidated Net Income
in calculating Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA to the extent such items either (A) represent cash received by the Note Obligors or
their Subsidiaries that had not increased Excess Cash Flow upon the receipt thereof in a prior period, or (B) do not represent
cash paid by the Note Obligors or their Subsidiaries, in each case, on a consolidated basis during such period; and (ii) deduct
the aggregate amount of items that were added to or not deducted from net income in calculating Consolidated Net Income or were
added to or not deducted from Consolidated Net Income in calculating Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA or were added to Consolidated
Adjusted EBITDA to the extent such items (A) represent a cash payment by the Note Obligors or their Subsidiaries that had not
reduced Excess Cash Flow upon the accrual thereof in a prior period or (B) do not represent cash received by the Note Obligors
or their Subsidiaries, in each case, on a consolidated basis during such period.

Excess
Cash Flow Notice shall have the meaning specified in Section 7(y).

Excess
Cash Flow Redemption shall have the meaning specified in Section 7(y).

Excess
Cash Flow Redemption Offer shall have the meaning specified in Section 7(y).

Excess
Cash Flow Trigger shall mean (i) Excess Cash Flow equals a positive number and (ii) after giving effect to the Excess
Cash Flow Redemption, the Note Obligors pro forma Liquidity is greater than or equal to $60,000,000.

Excluded
Assets has the meaning specified in the Security Agreement.

11

Excluded
Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Note Obligors that is not required to guarantee the Obligations pursuant to
Section 9, each Foreign Subsidiary and any Domestic Subsidiary substantially all of the assets of which (whether
held directly or through one or more entities disregarded for U.S. federal income tax purposes) consist of capital stock (or capital
stock and debt) (including any debt instrument treated as equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes) of one or more Foreign
Subsidiaries that are CFCs.

Existing
HSBC Letters of Credit means the letters of credit issued by HSBC Bank USA, N.A. for the account of the Issuer Parties
prior to the First Amendment Effective Date, as disclosed on Schedule 8(a)(xvi) to the Disclosure Letter.

FCPA
has the meaning set forth in Section 2(r)(ii).

Fee
Letter means that certain Fee Letter dated as of the date hereof, by and among Sonder Holdings, Sonder USA, Sonder
Hospitality, the Collateral Agent and the Notes Agent.

Financial
Officer means the chief financial officer, treasurer, chief accounting officer, head of finance, vice president of
finance or corporate controller of the Note Obligors.

First
Additional Bridge Funding Commitments means as to each Investor, the amount set forth opposite each Investors
name as a First Additional Bridge Funding Commitment on Schedule III to this Agreement.

First
Additional Bridge Notes means the Notes issued pursuant to this Agreement in connection with the First Additional Bridge
Funding Event substantially in the form of Exhibit A-2, as amended and restated pursuant to Amendment No. 56.

First
Additional Bridge Funding Event has the meaning set forth in Section 1(d)(iv).

First
Amendment Effective Date means December 21, 2022.

First
Funding Event has the meaning set forth in Section 1(d)(i).

Foreign
Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that is not a Domestic Subsidiary.

FRB
means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States.

Free
Cash Flow means cash used in operating activities of the Notes Obligors and their Subsidiaries, as set forth in the
Statement of Cash Flows, minus cash used for purchase of property and equipment and capitalization of internal-use software, plus
cash interest expense, cash paid for restructuring costs and non-recurring items, including expenses associated with re-negotiation
of leases.

FSHCO
has the meaning set forth in the Security Agreement.

Funding
Event has the meaning set forth in Section 1(d).

Funding
Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 1(f).

12

GAAP
means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America applied on a consistent basis.

GAAP
Net Revenue means net revenue of Parent and its Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with
GAAP.

Governmental
Authority means the government of the United States or any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether
state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive,
legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including, without
limitation, any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank).

Group
Members means the Parent and its Subsidiaries.

Guarantee
means, as to any Person, any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of such Person guaranteeing or having the economic effect of
guaranteeing any Indebtedness of the kind described in clauses (a) through (g) of the definition thereof or other obligation payable
or performable by another Person (the primary obligor) in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and
including any obligation of such Person, direct or indirect, (i) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase
or payment of) such Indebtedness or other obligation, (ii) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose
of assuring the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment or performance of such Indebtedness
or other obligation, (iii) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity
or level of income or cash flow of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other obligation,
or (iv) entered into for the purpose of assuring in any other manner the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other obligation
of the payment or performance thereof or to protect such obligee against loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part); provided
that the term Guarantee shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business
or customary indemnification obligations. The amount of any Guarantee shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable
amount of the related primary obligation, or portion thereof, in respect of which such Guarantee is made or, if not stated or
determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by the guaranteeing Person in good
faith. The term Guarantee as a verb has a corresponding meaning.

Guaranteed
Obligation has the meaning set forth in Section 9(a).

Guarantor
means each Person that shall have become a party hereto as a Guarantor and shall have provided a Guaranty
of the Obligations by executing and delivering a Joinder Agreement; provided that for purposes of Section 9,
the term Guarantors shall also include the Note Obligors (except with respect to the Direct Issuer Obligations).

Guaranty
means the guaranty of each Guarantor set forth in Section 9.

Hazardous
Materials means all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or
other pollutants, including petroleum or petroleum distillates, natural gas, natural gas liquids, asbestos or asbestos-containing
materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, toxic mold, infectious or medical wastes and all other substances, wastes, chemicals,
pollutants, contaminants or compounds of any nature in any form regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law.

13

Hospitalit
means Hospitalit Sonder Canada Inc.

IFRS
means international financial reporting standards within the meaning of IAS Regulation 1606/2002.

Indebtedness
means, as to any Person at a particular time, without duplication, all of the following, whether or not included as indebtedness
or liabilities in accordance with GAAP:

(a) all
obligations of such Person for borrowed money and all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, loan agreements
or other similar instruments;

(b) the
maximum amount of all direct or contingent obligations of such Person arising under letters of credit (including standby and commercial),
bankers acceptances, bank guaranties and similar instruments;

(c) net
obligations of such Person under any Swap Contract;

(d) all
obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than (i) accrued expenses and accounts
payable in the ordinary course of business and not past due for more than ninety (90) days, (ii) accruals for payroll and other
liabilities accrued in the ordinary course of business and (iii) earnout obligations unless required to be reflected as liabilities
on the balance sheet of such Person in accordance with GAAP);

(e) indebtedness
(excluding prepaid interest thereon) secured by a Lien on property owned or being purchased by such Person (including indebtedness
arising under conditional sales or other title retention agreements), whether or not such indebtedness shall have been assumed
by such Person or is limited in recourse;

(f) all
Attributable Indebtedness in respect of Capitalized Leases and Synthetic Lease Obligations of such Person;

(g) all
obligations of such Person to purchase, redeem, retire, defease or otherwise make any payment in respect of any Disqualified Equity
Interest in such Person; and

(h) all
Guarantees of such Person in respect of any of the foregoing.

For
all purposes hereof, the Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any other entity to the extent such Person
is liable therefor as a result of such Persons ownership interest in such entity, except to the extent the terms of such
Indebtedness provide that such Person is not liable therefor. The amount of any net obligation under any Swap Contract on any
date shall be deemed to be the Swap Termination Value thereof as of such date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Indebtedness shall
not include (1) deferred revenue incurred by any Person in the ordinary course of business, (2) intercompany liabilities arising
from cash management, tax, and accounting operations and intercompany loans, advances or Indebtedness, in each case having a term
not exceeding 364 days (inclusive of any rollover or extension of terms) and made in the ordinary course of business and (3) purchase
price holdbacks in respect of a portion of the purchase price of an asset to satisfy warranty or other unperformed obligations
of the seller.

14

Intellectual
Property has the meaning set forth in the Security Agreement.

Investment
means any loan, advance (other than advances to employees or other providers of services for moving, entertainment and travel
expenses, drawing accounts and similar expenditures in the ordinary course of business), extension of credit (by way of Guarantee
or otherwise) or capital contributions by the Note Obligors or any of their Subsidiaries to any other Person (other than any Issuer
Party), and any Acquisitions.

Investors
has the meaning given to such term in the introductory paragraph to this Agreement.

Investor
Rights Agreement means that certain Amended and Restated Investors Rights Agreement, dated as of April 3, 2020,
by and among Sonder Holdings, Sonder Canada Inc. and the persons and entities listed on Schedule A thereto, as amended on May
3, 2020 and as further amended on March 11, 2021.

Involuntary
Disposition means any loss of, damage to or destruction of, or any condemnation or other taking for public use of,
any property of any Note Obligor or any Subsidiary.

IRS
means the United States Internal Revenue Service.

Issuer
Party or Issuer Parties shall mean, individually or collectively, the Note Obligors and the Guarantors.

Joinder
Agreement means a joinder agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit D, in the case of Parent, or
Exhibit C, for all other Guarantors, executed and delivered in accordance with the provisions of Section 5(a)(xi)
or Section 7(k), as applicable.

Joint
Venture means a joint venture, partnership or other similar arrangement, whether in corporate, partnership or other
legal form; provided that, in no event shall any corporate subsidiary of any Person be considered to be a Joint Venture
to which such Person is a party.

Laws
means, collectively, all international, foreign, federal, state and local statutes, treaties, rules, guidelines, regulations,
ordinances, codes and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including the interpretation or administration thereof
by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and all applicable administrative
orders, directed duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental Authority, in
each case whether or not having the force of law.

Liquidity
means as of any date of determination, the sum of (a) the amount of the Availability Amount (as defined in the Senior Credit Agreement), the Note Obligors are permitted to draw in compliance with the terms of the Senior Credit Agreement as of such date,
plus (b) the amount of Consolidated unrestricted cash and Cash Equivalents of the Note Obligors and their Subsidiaries,
as reflected on the Consolidated balance sheets delivered pursuant to Section 7.1(a)(i) or Section 7.1(a)(ii), as
applicable.

15

Lien
means any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or otherwise), charge,
or preference, priority or other security interest or preferential arrangement in the nature of a security interest of any kind
or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any easement, right of way or other encumbrance
on title to real property and any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing).

Live
Units means, as of any date of determination, the number of units of Parent and its Subsidiaries rented or available
to rented.

Margin
Stock has the meaning assigned to such term in Regulation U of the Board as in effect from time to time.

Marketable
Securities means, without duplication of any of the items described in the definition of Cash Equivalents, investments
permitted pursuant to the Parents investment policy as approved by the Board of Directors (or committee thereof) of the
Parent from time to time.

Marriott
License Agreement means that certain License Agreement, dated as of August 13, 2024, by and among Marriott International,
Inc., Global Hospitality Licensing S.A.R.L. and Sonder Holdings, as amended, restated, supplemented or modified from time to time.

Material
Adverse Effect means (a) a material adverse change in, or a material adverse effect upon, the operations, business,
properties, liabilities (actual or contingent) or financial condition of the Group Members, taken as a whole; (b) a material impairment
of the rights and remedies, taken as a whole, of the Investors under the Transaction Documents, or of the ability of any Issuer
Party to perform its payment obligations under any Transaction Document to which it is a party; or (c) a material adverse effect
upon the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability against any Issuer Party of any Transaction Document to which it
is a party.

Material
Contract means, with respect to any Person, each contract or agreement (excluding leases of units rented to third parties
in the ordinary course of business) (a) to which such Person is a party involving aggregate consideration payable to or by such
Person of $250,000 or more in any fiscal year or (b) otherwise material to the business, financial condition, operations, performance
or properties of such Person or (c) any other contract, agreement, permit or license, written or oral, of any Group Member as
to which the breach, nonperformance, cancellation or failure to renew by any party thereto, individually or in the aggregate,
could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; provided that any employment offer letter that would be
a Material Contract under clause (a) shall not be a Material Contract for purposes of this definition.

Maturity
Date means December 10, 2027.

16

Merger
Agreement shall mean the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated April 29, 2021, as amended, by and among Sonder Holdings,
Parent, Sunshine Merger Sub I, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and Sunshine Merger Sub II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.

Merger
Transactions shall mean the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement.

Moodys
means Moodys Investors Service, Inc., and any successor to its rating agency business.

Multiemployer
Plan means any employee benefit plan of the type described in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which any Note Obligor
or any ERISA Affiliate makes or is obligated to make contributions, or during the preceding five (5) plan years, has made or been
obligated to make contributions.

Multiple
Employer Plan means a Plan which has two or more contributing sponsors (including any Note Obligor or any ERISA Affiliate)
at least two of whom are not under common control, as such a plan is described in Section 4064 of ERISA.

Net
Available Cash means cash payments from a Disposition made pursuant to Section 8(c)(vii) received (including
any cash payments received by way of deferred payment of principal pursuant to a note or installment receivable or otherwise and
net proceeds from the sale or other disposition of any securities or other assets received as consideration, but only as and when
received, but excluding any other consideration received in the form of assumption by the acquiring Person of Indebtedness or
other obligations relating to the properties or assets that are the subject of such Disposition or received in any other non-cash
form) therefrom, in each case net of (1) all brokerage, legal, accounting, investment banking, title and recording tax expenses,
commissions and other fees and expenses incurred, and all Federal, state, provincial, foreign and local taxes required to be paid
or accrued as a liability under GAAP (after taking into account any available tax credits or deductions and any tax sharing agreements),
as a consequence of such Disposition, (2) all payments made on any Indebtedness (other than Priority Payment Lien Obligations
and Indebtedness secured by Liens that are junior to the Liens securing the Notes) that is secured by any assets subject to such
Disposition, in accordance with the terms of any Lien upon such assets, or that must by its terms, or in order to obtain a necessary
consent to such Disposition, or by applicable law be repaid out of the proceeds from such Disposition, (3) all distributions and
other payments required to be made to minority interest holders in Subsidiaries or joint ventures as a result of such Disposition,
(4) the deduction of appropriate amounts to be provided by the seller as a reserve, in accordance with GAAP, against any liabilities
associated with the property or other assets disposed of in such Disposition and retained by any Note Obligor after such Disposition,
including, without limitation, pension and other post-employment benefit liabilities and liabilities related to environmental
matters and (5) any portion of the purchase price from a Disposition placed in escrow (whether as a reserve for adjustment of
the purchase price, or for satisfaction of indemnities in respect of such Disposition); provided, however, that in the
cases of clauses (4) and (5), upon reversal of any such reserve or the termination of any such escrow, Net Available Cash shall
be increased by the amount of such reversal or any portion of funds released from escrow to any Note Obligor.

17

Non-U.S.
Plan means any plan, fund (including any superannuation fund) or other similar program established, contributed to
(regardless of whether through direct contributions or through employee withholding) or maintained outside the United States by
the Note Obligors or one or more Subsidiaries, primarily for the benefit of employees of the Note Obligors or such Subsidiaries
or any Issuer Party residing outside the United States, which plan, fund or other similar program provides, or results in, retirement
income, a deferral of income in contemplation of retirement or payments to be made upon termination of employment, and which plan
is not subject to ERISA or the Code.

Note
Obligor or Note Obligors shall mean, individually or collectively, Sonder Holdings, Sonder USA,
Sonder Hospitality, and after the closing of the Merger Transaction and the execution of the Joinder Agreement, Parent.

Note
Obligors Representative has the meaning set forth in Section 10(q).

Notes
means the notes issued by the Note Obligors under this Agreement, which for the avoidance of doubt, includes the Notes issued
prior to the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date, the Bridge Notes, the First Additional Bridge Notes and the Second Additional Notes,
as such Notes have been amended and restated pursuant to Amendment No. 56,
as applicable.

Notes
Agent means, initially, Alter Domus (US) LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, or such other entity appointed
in accordance with the terms of the of the Collateral Agency Agreement.

Notes
Register means records maintained by the Notes Agent.

Obligations
means all amounts owing by any Issuer Party to the Investors, Collateral Agent or Notes Agent under the Notes (including for the
avoidance of doubt, the Bridge Notes, First Additional Bridge Notes and Second Additional Notes), the Security Agreement, this
Agreement or any other Transaction Document and all interest which accrues after the commencement of any bankruptcy or insolvency
proceeding, whether or not allowed or allowable.

OFAC
means the United States Treasury Department Office of Foreign Assets Control.

Organization
Documents means, (a) with respect to any corporation, the certificate or articles of incorporation and the bylaws (or
equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction); (b) with respect to any limited liability
company, the certificate or articles of formation or organization and operating agreement or limited liability company agreement
(or equivalent or comparable documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction); (c) with respect to any partnership, trust
or other form of business entity, the partnership or other applicable agreement of formation or organization (or equivalent or
comparable documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction) and (d) with respect to all entities, any agreement, instrument,
filing or notice with respect thereto filed in connection with its formation or organization with the applicable Governmental
Authority in the jurisdiction of its formation or organization (or equivalent or comparable documents with respect to any non-U.S.
jurisdiction).

Original
Principal Amount shall have the meaning specified in each Note.

18

Outstanding
Principal Balance shall have the meaning specified in each Note.

Parent
shall mean, (i) prior to the closing the Merger Transactions, Sonder Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and (ii) after the
closing of the Merger Transactions, Sonder Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation, previously known as, prior to the closing of
the Merger Transactions, Gores Metropoulos II, Inc.

Patents
means, with respect to any Person, all of such Persons right, title, and interest in and to: (a) any and all patents and
patent applications; (b) all inventions and improvements described and claimed therein; (c) all reissues, divisions, continuations,
renewals, extensions, and continuations-in-part thereof; (d) all licenses of the foregoing whether as licensee or licensor; (e)
all income, royalties, damages, claims, and payments now or hereafter due or payable under and with respect thereto, including,
without limitation, damages and payments for past and future infringements thereof; (f) all rights to sue for past, present, and
future infringements thereof; and (g) all rights corresponding to any of the foregoing throughout the world.

PBGC
means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation.

Pension
Act means the Pension Protection Act of 2006.

Pension
Funding Rules means the rules of the Code and ERISA regarding minimum required contributions (including any installment
payment thereof) to Pension Plans and set forth in, with respect to plan years ending prior to the effective date of the Pension
Act, Section 412 of the Code and Section 302 of ERISA, each as in effect prior to the Pension Act and, thereafter, Section 412,
430, 431, 432 and 436 of the Code and Sections 302, 303, 304 and 305 of ERISA.

Pension
Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (including a Multiple Employer Plan or a Multiemployer Plan) that is maintained
or is contributed to by any Note Obligor and any ERISA Affiliate and is either covered by Title IV of ERISA or is subject to the
minimum funding standards under Section 412 of the Code.

Permits
means any and all approvals, permits, registrations, permissions, licenses, authorizations, consents, certifications, actions,
orders, waivers, exemptions, variances, franchises, filings, declarations, rulings, registrations and applications from or issued
by any Governmental Authority.

Permitted
Acquisitions means an Acquisition by an Issuer Party (the Person or division, line of business or other business unit
of the Person to be acquired in such Acquisition shall be referred to herein as the Target), in each case
that is a type of business (or assets used in a type of business) permitted to be engaged in by the Parent and its Subsidiaries
pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, in each case so long as:

(a) no
Default shall then exist or would exist after giving effect thereto;

(b) the
Collateral Agent shall have received (or shall receive in connection with the closing of such Acquisition or will receive when
required by Section 7(k)) a first priority perfected security interest in all Collateral acquired with respect to
the Target in accordance with the terms of Section 7(k) and the Target, if a Person, shall have executed or will
execute a Joinder Agreement in accordance with the terms of Section 7(k);

19

(c) the
Investors shall have received at least twenty (20) days prior (or such later date as is agreed by the Required Investors) to the
consummation of such Acquisition (i) a description of the material terms of such Acquisition, (ii) to the extent available, audited
financial statements (or, if unavailable, management-prepared financial statements) of the Target for its two most recent fiscal
years and for any fiscal quarters ended within the fiscal year to date, (iii) consolidated projected income statements of the
Group Members (giving effect to such Acquisition), and (iv) not less than five (5) Business Days prior (or such later date as
is agreed by the Required Lenders) to the consummation of any Permitted Acquisition with a purchase price in excess of $5,000,000,
a certificate executed by a Responsible Officer of the Note Obligors Representative certifying that such Permitted Acquisition
complies with the requirements of this Agreement and the requirements of this definition, and attaching copies of such other agreements,
instruments and documents as the Required Investors shall request;

(d) such
Acquisition shall not be a hostile Acquisition and shall have been approved by the board of directors (or equivalent)
and/or shareholders (or equivalent) (if required) of the applicable Issuer Party and the Target;

(e) all
transactions related to such purchase or acquisition shall be consummated in all material respects in accordance with all applicable
requirements of Law;

(f) no
Issuer Party shall, as a result of or in connection with any such purchase or acquisition, assume or incur any direct or contingent
liabilities (whether relating to environmental, tax, litigation or other matters) that, as of the date of such purchase or acquisition,
could reasonably be expected to result in the existence or incurrence of a Material Adverse Effect;

(g) no
Indebtedness is assumed or incurred in connection with any such purchase or acquisition other than Indebtedness permitted by the
terms of Section 8(a);

(h) if
such Acquisition is an acquisition of assets, such Acquisition is structured so that a Note Obligor or another Issuer Party shall
acquire such assets; provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, the Acquisition may be structured so that a Subsidiary
that is not an Issuer Party may acquire assets if such Acquisition, including the book value of such assets, is in all respects
acceptable to the Required Investors;

(i) if
such Acquisition is an acquisition of Equity Interests, such Acquisition will not result in any violation of Regulation U;

(j) (i)
if such Acquisition involves a merger or a consolidation involving a Note Obligor, such Note Obligor shall be the surviving entity,
and (ii) if such Acquisition involves a merger or a consolidation involving any Issuer Party (other than a Note Obligor), such
Issuer Party or a Person that becomes an Issuer Party prior to or substantially concurrently with the consummation of such Acquisition
shall be the surviving entity;

(k) the
total consideration (including fair market value of property given, the value of the Equity Interests of the Parent or any Subsidiary
to be transferred and the maximum potential total amount of all deferred payment obligations (including earn-outs) and Indebtedness
assumed or incurred) (i) in connection with any single Acquisition shall not exceed $10,000,000 and (ii) for all Acquisitions
made during the term of the Notes shall not exceed $25,000,000.

20

Permitted
HSBC Accounts means the Issuer Parties existing deposit and securities accounts with HSBC Bank USA, N.A. existing
as of the First Amendment Effective Date containing an aggregate amount not to exceed, (a) from the First Amendment Effective
Date through and including the first seven (7) days after the First Amendment Effective Date, an unlimited amount and (b) during
the remainder of the Transition Period, $10,000,000.

Permitted
HSBC Cash Collateral Accounts means the Note Obligors existing deposit accounts with HSBC Bank USA, N.A., which
were established solely to hold cash collateral for fee and reimbursement obligations in connection with the Existing HSBC Letters
of Credit and/or obligations under credit cards issued by HSBC Bank USA, N.A. or its affiliates that are permitted by Section
8(a)(xv).

Permitted
Liens has the meaning set forth in Section 8(b).

Permitted
Tax Restructuring means a tax restructuring in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Investors (which acceptance
may be confirmed by the Investors via email), including, for the avoidance of doubt, the tax restructuring for foreign entities
as described to the Investors on or prior to the Second Amendment Effective Date, which is deemed acceptable to the Investors.

Permitted
Transfers means (a) Dispositions of inventory in the ordinary course of business; (b) Dispositions of property to the
Parent or any Subsidiary; provided, that if the transferor of such property is an Issuer Party then the transferee thereof
must be an Issuer Party or the book value of the assets transferred by such Issuer Party to a Subsidiary that is not and Issuer
Party shall not exceed $11,500,000 in the aggregate in any fiscal year; (c) Dispositions of accounts receivable in connection
with the collection or compromise thereof; (d) licenses, sublicenses, leases or subleases granted to others not interfering in
any material respect with the business of the Group Members; (e) the sale or disposition of Cash Equivalents for fair market value;
and (f) dispositions of furniture, dcor and kitchenware and other household supplies (like linens and towels) by any Group
Member to any other Group Member or another Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business.

Person
means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, Joint Venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental
Authority or other entity.

Plan
means any employee benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA (including a Pension Plan) that is subject to ERISA
and either (i) maintained for employees of any Note Obligor or any ERISA Affiliate or (ii) pursuant to which any Note Obligor
or any ERISA Affiliate is required to contribute on behalf of any of its employees.

Plan
Asset Regulations means 29 CFR 2510.3-101 et seq., as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, as amended
from time to time.

Pledged
Equity has the meaning specified in the Security Agreement.

21

Priority
Payment Lien Obligations means obligations under the Senior Credit Agreement and any other Indebtedness secured by
Permitted Liens.

Purchase
Price has the meaning set forth in Section 1(d)(vi).

Qualified
Equity Interests means any Equity Interests that are not Disqualified Equity Interests.

Related
Business means any business that is the same as or related, ancillary or complementary to any of the businesses of
Parent and its Subsidiaries and any reasonable extension or evolution of any of the foregoing.

Related
Parties or Related Party means, with respect to any specified Person, such Persons Affiliates
and the respective directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors of such Person and such Persons Affiliates.

Reportable
Event means any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA, other than events for which the thirty (30) day
notice period has been waived.

Required
Investors means the Investors holding at least two-thirds of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the then-outstanding
Notes.

Responsible
Officer means the chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, treasurer, assistant treasurer or controller
of an Issuer Party, solely for purposes of the delivery of incumbency certificates pursuant to Section 5(c), the
secretary or any assistant secretary of an Issuer Party. Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer
of an Issuer Party shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and/or other
action on the part of such Issuer Party and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of
such Issuer Party. To the extent requested by the Investors, each Responsible Officer will provide an incumbency certificate and
to the extent requested by the Investors, appropriate authorization documentation, in form and substance satisfactory to the Investors.

Restricted
Payment means (a) any dividend or other distribution, direct or indirect, on account of any shares (or equivalent)
of any class of Equity Interests of the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, now or hereafter outstanding, (b) any redemption, retirement,
sinking fund or similar payment, purchase or other acquisition for value, direct or indirect, of any shares (or equivalent) of
any class of Equity Interests of the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, now or hereafter outstanding, and (c) any payment made
to retire, or to obtain the surrender of, any outstanding warrants, options or other rights to acquire shares of any class of
Equity Interests of any Issuer Party or any of its Subsidiaries, now or hereafter outstanding.

S&P
means Standard & Poors Ratings Services, a Standard & Poors Financial Services LLC business, and any successor
to its rating agency business.

Sale
and Leaseback Transaction means, with respect to any Note Obligor or any Subsidiary, any arrangement, directly or indirectly,
with any Person whereby such Note Obligor or such Subsidiary shall sell or transfer any property used or useful in its business,
whether now owned or hereafter acquired, and within ninety (90) days thereafter rent or lease such property or other property
that it intends to use for substantially the same purpose or purposes as the property being sold or transferred.

22

Sanctioned
Country means, at any time, a country, region or territory which is itself the subject or target of any Sanctions (including,
without limitation, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria and the Crimea region of Ukraine).

Sanctioned
Person means, at any time, (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by
the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, the U.S. Department of State, or by the United Nations
Security Council, the European Union or any European Union member state, (b) any Person operating, organized or resident in a
Sanctioned Country or (c) any Person owned 50% or more by any such Person or Persons described in the foregoing clauses (a) or
(b).

Sanctions
means all economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by (a) the Office
of Foreign Assets Control (and any successor performing similar functions) of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S.
Department of State, or (b) the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, Her Majestys Treasury or the Hong
Kong Monetary Authority.

Second
Amendment means the Second Omnibus Amendment and Waiver dated as of November 6, 2023, by and among the Note Obligors,
the Investors and the Agent.

Second
Amendment Effective Date has the meaning set forth in the Second Amendment.

Second
Funding Event has the meaning set forth in Section 1(d)(ii).

Second
Additional Funding Commitments means as to each Investor, the amount set forth opposite each Investors name
as a Second Additional Funding Commitment on Schedule IV of this Agreement.

Second
Additional Funding Event has the meaning set forth in Section 1(d)(v).

Second
Additional Notes means the Notes issued pursuant to this Agreement in connection with the Second Additional Funding
Event substantially in the form of Exhibit A-3, as amended and restated
pursuant to Amendment No. 6.

Secured
Parties means the Investors, the Collateral Agent and the Notes Agent in each case from time to time.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Securities
Purchase Agreement has the meaning set forthAgreements
means the Securities Purchase Agreements (as defined in Amendment No. 5)
and the Securities Purchase Agreements (as defined in Amendment No. 6).

23

Security
Agreement means that certain Pledge and Security Agreement, in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit
H, by and among the Issuer Parties and the Collateral Agent, as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented,
or otherwise modified from time to time.

Senior
Credit Agreement means (i) the Credit Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2022, as amended from time
to time, by and among the Issuer Parties, as co-borrowers, and Silicon Valley Bank, as lender, as may be further amended, supplemented
or otherwise modified from time to time; and (ii) any extension, refinancing, renewal, replacement, defeasance or refunding of
the obligations described in clause (i), so long as the same is with a commercial bank or similar lending institution.

Solicitor
has the meaning given to such term in Section 2(j)(ii).

Solvency
Certificate means a Solvency Certificate of the chief financial officer of Parent substantially in the form of Exhibit
F.

Solvent
and Solvency mean, with respect to any Person on any date of determination, that on such date (a) the fair
value of the property of such Person is greater than the total amount of liabilities, including contingent liabilities, of such
Person, (b) the present fair saleable value of the assets of such Person is not less than the amount that will be required to
pay the probable liability of such Person on its debts as they become absolute and matured, (c) such Person does not intend to,
and does not believe that it will, incur debts or liabilities beyond such Persons ability to pay such debts and liabilities
as they mature, (d) such Person is not engaged in business or a transaction, and is not about to engage in business or a transaction,
for which such Persons property would constitute an unreasonably small capital, and (e) such Person is able to pay its
debts and liabilities, contingent obligations and other commitments as they mature in the ordinary course of business. The amount
of contingent liabilities at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in the light of all the facts and circumstances existing
at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability.

Sonder
Holdings shall have the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph hereof, and after the closing of the Merger
Transaction shall mean Sonder Holdings LLC, the surviving entity from the merger of Sonder Holdings Inc. and Sunshine Merger Sub
II, LLC pursuant to the Merger Agreement.

Statement
of Cash Flows means a Consolidated statement of cash flows delivered pursuant to Section 7.1(a)(i) or
Section 7.1(a)(ii), as applicable.

Subordination
Agreement means that certain Intercreditor and Subordination Agreement, by and among the Investors, Collateral Agent,
Silicon Valley Bank, the Guarantors and the Note Obligors, dated as of December 21, 2022, as amended from time to time.

Subsidiary
of a Person means a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other business entity of which a majority of the shares
of Voting Stock is at the time beneficially owned, or the management of which is otherwise controlled, directly, or indirectly
through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to a Subsidiary
or to Subsidiaries shall refer to a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of the Parent.

24

subsidiary
means, with respect to any Person (the parent) at any date, any corporation, limited liability company, partnership,
association or other entity the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of the parent in the parents consolidated
financial statements if such financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP as of such date, as well as any other
corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity (a) of which securities or other ownership interests
representing more than 50% of the equity (including by value) or more than 50% of the ordinary voting power or, in the case of
a partnership, more than 50% of the partnership interests are, as of such date, owned (directly or indirectly), controlled or
held, or (b) that is, as of such date, otherwise Controlled, by the parent or one or more subsidiaries of the parent or by the
parent and one or more subsidiaries of the parent and which is required by GAAP to be consolidated in the consolidated financial
statements of the parent.

Swap
Contract means (a) any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credit derivative transactions, forward rate transactions,
commodity swaps, commodity options, forward commodity contracts, equity or equity index swaps or options, bond or bond price or
bond index swaps or options or forward bond or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions, interest rate options, forward
foreign exchange transactions, cap transactions, floor transactions, collar transactions, currency swap transactions, cross-currency
rate swap transactions, currency options, spot contracts, or any other similar transactions or any combination of any of the foregoing
(including any options to enter into any of the foregoing), whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any
master agreement, and (b) any and all transactions of any kind, and the related confirmations, which are subject to the terms
and conditions of, or governed by, any form of master agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association,
Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement, or any other master agreement (any such master agreement, together
with any related schedules, a Master Agreement), including any such obligations or liabilities under any
Master Agreement.

Swap
Termination Value means, in respect of any one or more Swap Contracts, after taking into account the effect of any
legally enforceable netting agreement relating to such Swap Contracts, (a) for any date on or after the date such Swap Contracts
have been closed out and termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s), and (b) for any date
prior to the date referenced in clause (a), the amount(s) determined as the mark-to-market value(s) for such Swap Contracts, as
determined based upon one or more mid-market or other readily available quotations provided by any recognized dealer in such Swap
Contracts.

Synthetic
Lease Obligation means the monetary obligation of a Person under (a) a so-called synthetic, off-balance sheet or tax
retention lease or (b) an agreement for the use of property, in each case, creating obligations that do not appear on the balance
sheet of such Person but which, upon the application of any Debtor Relief Laws to such Person, would be characterized as the indebtedness
of such Person (without regard to accounting treatment).

Taxes
shall have the meaning specified in the Notes.

Termination
Date means the date on which (a) the Commitments have expired or been terminated and (b) the principal of and interest
on each Note and all fees and other Obligations payable under the Transaction Documents (other than any inchoate indemnity obligations)
shall have been paid in full pursuant to the terms of the Notes.

25

TPC
means TriplePoint Capital LLC and/or TriplePoint Venture Growth BDC Corp., as applicable.

TPC
Credit Agreement means the Plain English Growth Capital Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of December 28, 2018,
by and among Sonder USA, Sonder Canada, and the other borrowers from time to time party thereto, TriplePoint Venture Growth BDC
Corp., as a lender and as collateral agent, and TriplePoint Capital LLC, as a lender, as may be amended, supplemented or otherwise
modified from time to time.

Trademarks
means, with respect to any Person, all of such Persons right, title, and interest in and to the following: (a) all trademarks
(including service marks), trade names, trade dress, and trade styles and the registrations and applications for registration
thereof and the goodwill of the business symbolized by the foregoing; (b) all licenses of the foregoing, whether as licensee or
licensor; (c) all renewals of the foregoing; (d) all income, royalties, damages, and payments now or hereafter due or payable
with respect thereto, including, without limitation, damages, claims, and payments for past and future infringements thereof;
(e) all rights to sue for past, present, and future infringements of the foregoing, including the right to settle suits involving
claims and demands for royalties owing; and (f) all rights corresponding to any of the foregoing throughout the world.

Transaction
Documents means this Agreement (including any amendment hereto or waiver hereunder), the Notes, each Collateral Document,
the Collateral Agency Agreement, the Fee Letter and each other similar document, letter agreement, agreement or instrument in
connection with the transactions expressly contemplated by this Agreement or that evidences, secures or supports the Obligations
under this Agreement, the Notes and the Collateral Documents.

Transition
Period means is the period of time commencing on the First Amendment Date through February 19, 2023.

UK
Bribery Act has the meaning set forth in Section 2(r)(ii).

U.S.
Government Obligations means obligations issued or directly and fully guaranteed or insured by the United States of
America or by any agent or instrumentality thereof; provided that the full faith and credit of the United States of America
is pledged in support thereof.

Unfunded
Pension Liability means the excess of a Pension Plans benefit liabilities under Section 4001(a)(16) of ERISA,
over the current value of that Pension Plans assets, determined in accordance with the assumptions used for funding the
Pension Plan pursuant to Section 412 of the Code for the applicable plan year.

USA
PATRIOT Act means the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct
Terrorism Act of 2001 (Title III of Pub. L. No. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)), as amended from time to time.

Variance
Report means (a) prior to the Amendment No. 5 Effective Date, a weekly variance report prepared by a Responsible Officer
of the Issuer Parties, comparing for each applicable Variance Testing Period the aggregate actual disbursements against the Approved
Budget, in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the Required Investors and (b) after the Amendment No. 5 Effective Date,
a monthly variance report prepared by a Responsible Officer of the Issuer Parties, comparing for each applicable Variance Testing
Period the aggregate actual disbursements against the Approved Budget, in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the Required
Investors.

26

Variance
Testing Period means (a) prior to the Amendment No. 5 Effective Date, (i) initially, the period commencing June 8,
2024 and ending June 14, 2024, (ii) then, the period commencing June 8, 2024 and ending June 21, 2024, (iii) then, each twenty-one
day period ending on the subsequent Friday and (b) after the Amendment No. 5 Effective Date the month prior to the month in which
the Variance Report is being delivered.

Warrant
or Warrants have the meanings given to such terms in Section 1(b).

Warrant
Agent means, initially, Computershare Trust Company, N.A. and/or Computershare Inc., or such other entity or entities
appointed in accordance with the terms of the Warrant Agreement.

Warrant
Agreement has the meaning given to such term in Section 1(b).

Warrant
Register means records maintained by the Warrant Agent for that purpose.

wholly
owned, when used in reference to a subsidiary of any Person, means that all the Equity Interests in such subsidiary
(other than directors qualifying shares and other nominal amounts of Equity Interests that are required to be held by other
Persons under applicable law) are owned, beneficially and of record, by such Person, another wholly owned subsidiary of such Person
or any combination thereof.

27

ANNEX
B

[Attached]

THIS
NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED OR QUALIFIED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, (THE ACT) OR THE SECURITIES
LAWS OF ANY JURISDICTION AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, ASSIGNED, ENCUMBERED, HYPOTHECATED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED
OF EXCEPT (I) PURSUANT TO A REGISTRATION STATEMENT WITH RESPECT TO SUCH SECURITIES THAT IS EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT
OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAW, OR (II) IN A TRANSACTION THAT DOES NOT REQUIRE REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR APPLICABLE
STATE SECURITIES LAW, INCLUDING PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A OR TO PERSONS OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES PURSUANT TO REGULATION
S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, PROVIDED THAT, EXCEPT IN THE CASE OF ANY TRANSACTION EXEMPT FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF
THE SECURITIES ACT PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A OR TO PERSONS OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES PURSUANT TO REGULATION S UNDER
THE SECURITIES ACT, AN OPINION OF COUNSEL SHALL BE FURNISHED TO THE NOTE OBLIGORS (IF REQUESTED BY THE NOTE OBLIGORS), IN FORM
AND SUBSTANCE REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE NOTE OBLIGORS, TO THE EFFECT THAT SUCH TRANSACTION DOES NOT REQUIRE REGISTRATION
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND/OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAW.

THE
FOLLOWING INFORMATION IS PROVIDED PURSUANT TO TREAS. REG. SECTION 1.1275-3: THIS DEBT INSTRUMENT IS ISSUED WITH ORIGINAL ISSUE
DISCOUNT. THE NOTE OBLIGORS WILL MAKE AVAILABLE ON REQUEST TO THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION: ISSUE PRICE,
AMOUNT OF ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT, ISSUE DATE, AND YIELD. THE ADDRESS OF THE NOTE OBLIGORS IS: SONDER HOLDINGS INC., 447 SUTTER
ST. SUITE 405, #542, SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94108, ATTENTION: CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER. 

THE
HOLDER MAY NOT, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, TRANSFER THIS NOTE, EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 10 AND SECTION 11 HEREOF.

ANYTHING
HEREIN TO THE CONTRARY NOTWITHSTANDING, THE LIENS AND SECURITY INTERESTS SECURING THE OBLIGATIONS EVIDENCED BY THIS NOTE, THE
EXERCISE OF ANY RIGHT OR REMEDY WITH RESPECT THERETO, AND CERTAIN OF THE RIGHTS OF THE HOLDER HEREOF ARE SUBJECT TO THE PROVISIONS
OF THE INTERCREDITOR AND SUBORDINATION AGREEMENT DATED AS OF DECEMBER 21, 2022 (AS AMENDED, RESTATED, SUPPLEMENTED, OR OTHERWISE
MODIFIED FROM TIME TO TIME, THE SUBORDINATION AGREEMENT), BY AND AMONG SILICON VALLEY BANK, A DIVISION OF FIRST-CITIZENS
BANK & TRUST COMPANY, AS SENIOR LENDER, THE SUBORDINATED CLAIMHOLDERS PARTY THERETO, AND ACKNOWLEDGED BY SONDER USA INC.,
SONDER HOLDINGS, INC., SONDER HOSPITALITY USA INC. AND CERTAIN OTHER OBLIGORS. IN THE EVENT OF ANY CONFLICT BETWEEN THE TERMS
OF THE SUBORDINATION AGREEMENT AND THIS NOTE, THE TERMS OF THE SUBORDINATION AGREEMENT SHALL GOVERN AND CONTROL.

AMENDED
AND RESTATED SUBORDINATED SECURED NOTE

Issuance
Date: January 19, 2022 (the Issuance Date)

Original
Principal Amount: $[ ]

Note
No.: N-[ ]

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the Note Obligors (as defined in the Note Purchase Agreement), hereby promise to pay [Holder] or its
registered assigns (the Holder) the amount set out above as the Original Principal Amount, as such amount
may be (i) increased pursuant to the payment of PIK Interest or (ii) reduced pursuant to any redemption or repayment effected
in accordance with the terms hereof or the terms of the Note Purchase Agreement (the balance of such amount from time to time
being the Outstanding Principal Balance), when due, whether upon the Maturity Date, redemption, acceleration
or otherwise (in each case in accordance with the terms hereof). This note (including all notes issued in exchange, transfer or
replacement hereof, this Note) is issued pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement (as defined below).

SECTION
1. DEFINITIONS. Capitalized terms used herein and not defined below shall have the respective meanings set forth in
the Note Purchase Agreement. The following terms used in this Note will have the respective meanings set forth below:

2026
PIK Option shall have the meaning specified in
Section 3.

2026
PIK Interest Payment
Due Date shall have the
meaning specified in Section 3.

Affiliate
means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls
or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified including, without limitation, any general partner, managing
member, officer, director, trustee or manager of such person and any venture capital fund, private equity fund, investment firm
or registered investment company now or hereafter existing that is controlled by one or more general partners or managing members
of, or is under common investment management with, such Person.

Applicable
Rate means, with respect to interest payable on an Interest Payment Due Date for the period since the immediately preceding
Interest Payment Due Date (or, if no preceding Interest Payment Due Date, since the Issuance Date) (such period, the Interest
Period), (a) the greater of (x) Three-Month
SOFR Rate plus the Term SOFR Adjustment and (y) 1.00%, plus (b) 9.00%, plus (c) solely in respect
of a 2026 PIK Interest Payment Due Date, 2.007.00%.

Asset
Sale Pro Rata Portion means an amount equal to (a) (i) any Available Excess Proceeds, multiplied by (ii) the fraction
obtained by dividing the Outstanding Principal Balance of this Note by the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balances of all then-outstanding Notes.

Average
Interest Rate means, with respect to any period specified in clauses (a) through (d) of the definition of Note Redemption
Amount, the average of the interest rates per annum in effect (excluding any Default Rate) on each day for the period beginning
on thefirst day of the period specified in such
clause and ending on the day prior to the Redemption Date.

2

Benchmark
means, initially, the Three-Month SOFR Rate, as defined above; provided that
if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to Three-Month SOFR Rate
or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement.

Benchmark
Replacement means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Required Investors
(in consultation with the Note Obligors) as of the Benchmark Replacement Date:

(i) Daily
Simple SOFR; or

(ii) (b)
the sum of: (i) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Calculation Agent and the Note Obligors giving due
consideration to (A) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate
by the Relevant Governmental Body or (B) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as
a replacement to the then-current Benchmark for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities and (ii) the related Benchmark
Replacement Adjustment;

provided,
that in each case, such Benchmark Replacement shall be administratively feasible for the Calculation Agent.

Benchmark
Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark
Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive
or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Required Investors and the Issuer giving due consideration to (a) any
selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement
of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body or (b) any evolving or
then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment,
for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit
facilities.

The
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment shall not include the 7.00% margin specified herein and such margin shall be applied to the Benchmark
Replacement to determine the interest payable on the Note.

Benchmark
Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational
changes (including changes to the definitions or interpretations of Interest Period, the timing and frequency of determining rates
and making payments of interest, the rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Required Investors
(after consultation with the Note Obligors) may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit
the administration thereof by the Calculation Agent in a manner substantiallyconsistent
with market practice (or, if the Required Investors decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively
feasible or if the Required Investors determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such
other manner as the Required Investors determines is reasonably practicable); provided that any such changes shall be administratively
feasible for the Calculation Agent.

3

Benchmark
Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark:

(i) in
the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (x) the date of the
public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (y) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark
permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark; or

(ii) in
the case of clause (iii) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the date of the public statement or publication
of information referenced therein.

For
the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than,
the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the
Reference Time for such determination.

Benchmark
Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark:

(i) a
public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that such administrator
has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark, permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark;

(ii) a
public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark, the central
bank for the currency of the Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark, a resolution
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution
authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the Benchmark has ceased or will cease
to provide the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark; or

(iii) a
public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark announcing
that the Benchmark is no longer representative.

Calculation
Agent means the Parent.

4

Capital
Stock means, for any Person, any and all shares, interests, rights to purchase, warrants, options, participations or
other equivalents of, or interest in (howsoeverdesignated),
the equity of such Person, but excluding any debt securities convertible into such equity.

Change
of Control means (a) at any time, any person or group (as such terms are used in Sections
13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) shall become the beneficial owner (as defined
in Rules 13(d)-3 and 13(d)-5 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), directly or indirectly, of fifty percent
(50%) or more of the ordinary voting power for the election of directors of the Parent (determined on a fully diluted basis);
(b) the Parent shall cease to have the ability to, directly or indirectly, elect (either through share ownership or contractual
voting rights) a majority of the board of directors or equivalent governing body of any other Issuer Party, except to the extent
expressly permitted by Section 8(g) of the Note Purchase Agreement; or (c) any Issuer Party shall cease to own and control,
of record and beneficially, directly or indirectly, 100% of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by the issued and
outstanding Equity Interests of its Subsidiaries on a fully diluted basis (which for this purpose shall exclude all Equity Interests
that have not yet vested), free and clear of all Liens (except Liens created by the Security Documents, Liens permitted by Section
8(b)(xiii) of the Note Purchase Agreement and non-consensual Permitted Liens that are being contested in good faith); provided that this clause (c) shall not apply to Sonder Canada so long as Parent and its Subsidiaries own and control, of record and
beneficially, directly or indirectly, at least 73% of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by the issued and outstanding
Equity Interests of Sonder Canada; provided further that, with respect to any Subsidiary formed in a jurisdiction where
a law, rule or regulation of such jurisdiction restricts the applicable Issuer Party from owning and controlling, of record and
beneficially, directly or indirectly, one hundred percent (100%) of each class of outstanding Equity Interest of such Subsidiary,
in each case, this clause (c) shall not apply so long as (x) such Issuer Party owns and controls no less than ninety-nine percent
(99%) (or such lesser amount representing the maximum amount of Equity Interests such Issuer Party is permitted to own and control)
of each class of outstanding Equity Interests of such Subsidiary free and clear of all Liens (except Liens created by the Security
Agreement, Liens permitted by Section 8(b)(xiii) of the Note Purchase Agreement and non-consensual Permitted Liens that
are being contested in good faith) and (y) such Issuer Party has notified the Investors of such situation and the limitations
of such Subsidiarys jurisdiction; or (d) a change of control or any comparable term under, and as defined
in, any Senior Credit Agreement shall have occurred.

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Merger Transactions shall not be deemed a Change of Control.

Close
of Business means 5:00 p.m., New York City time.

Code
means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

Comparable
Treasury Issue means the United States Treasury security selected by the Note Obligors (in consultation with the Required
Investors) as having a maturity comparable to the remaining term of the Notes to be redeemed that would be utilized, at the time
of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing newissues
of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes.

5

Competitor
means any Person engaged primarily (or as a material portion of its business) in, and including as a platform for, travel, accommodations,
lodging, hospitality services and real estate, and such Persons Affiliates and major investors but shall not include any
Person engaged in the business of making passive investments in such businesses so long as such Person has in place procedures
to prevent the distribution of confidential information that is prohibited under the Transaction Documents; provided, however,
that investments conferring rights to become a director of such Person or an observer of such Persons board of directors
or equivalent governing body shall not be considered passive for purposes of this definition.

Control
means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a
Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled
have meanings correlative thereto.

Conversion
Event shall have the meaning specified in Section 5(a).

Daily
Simple SOFR means, for any day, SOFR, with the conventions for this rate (which will include a lookback) being established
by the Required Investors in accordance with the conventions for this rate selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental
Body for determining Daily Simple SOFR for syndicated business loans; provided that if the Required Investors decide
(in consultation with the Calculation Agent) that any such convention is not administratively feasible, then the Required Investors
may establish another convention in their reasonable discretion.

Debtor
Relief Laws means the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy,
assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor
relief Laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect.

Default
Interest shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(f).

Default
Rate shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(f).

Event
of Default shall have the meaning specified in Section 5.

FATCA
means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Note (or any amended or successor version that is substantively
comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof,
any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices
adopted pursuant to, any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities and implementing such
Sections of the Code.

6

Federal
Reserve Bank of New Yorks Website means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, currently at http://www
newyorkfed.org, or any successor source.

First
Funding Date means the date of the First Funding Event.

Holder
shall have the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph.

Interest
Payment Due Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 3(c).

Issuance
Date shall have the meaning specified in the preamble of this Note.

Law
means any law (including common law), constitution, statute, treaty, regulation, rule, ordinance, code, ruling, or order of, including
the administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof,
or any agreement with, any Governmental Authority.

Maturity
Date means, December 10, 2027.

Note
Obligations Amount means, as of any date of determination, an amount equal to the sum of (i) the Outstanding Principal
Balance (or portion thereof, if applicable) as of the Close of Business on such date plus (ii) all accrued and unpaid interest
on this Note (or portion thereof, if applicable) through, but excluding such date, which interest is not otherwise included in
such Outstanding Principal Balance.

Note
Purchase Agreement shall mean the Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 10, 2021, by and among the Note Obligors,
the Guarantors and the Investors party thereto, as amended by that certain Omnibus Amendment, dated as of December 21, 2022, that
certain Second Omnibus Amendment, dated as of November 6, 2023, that certain Waiver Forbearance and Third Amendment, dated as
of June 10, 2024, that certain Fourth Amendment, dated as of July 12, 2024 and that certain Waiver, Consent and Fifth Amendment,
dated as of August 13, 2024.

Note
Redemption Amount means, in respect of any portion of the Outstanding Principal Balance redeemed (other than with respect
to an Excess Cash Flow Redemption), an amount, calculated as of the Redemption Date, equal to the corresponding Note Obligations
Amount, plus a premium equal to:

(a) if
the Redemption Date occurs during the period commencing on the calendar day immediately
following the Issuance Date and ending on and including the first anniversary of the
First Funding Date, the sum of (x) the present value at such Redemption Date of the interest
payments scheduled to be due on each Interest Payment Due Date occurring after the Redemption
Date and on or prior to the first anniversary of the First Funding Date in respect of
the Outstanding Principal Balance being redeemed, determined using a discount rate equal
to the Treasury Rate plus 50 basis points, and (y) 100% of (i) the Average Interest Rate
multiplied by (ii) the portion of the Outstanding Principal Balance being redeemed,
minus (z) any accrued and unpaid interest in respect of the Outstanding Principal
Balance being redeemed;

7

(b) if
the Redemption Date occurs during the period commencing on the calendar day immediately
following the first anniversary of the First Funding Date and ending on and including
the second anniversary of the First Funding Date, 100% of (x) the Average Interest Rate
multiplied by (y) the portion of the Outstanding Principal Balance being redeemed;

(c) if
the Redemption Date occurs during the period commencing on the calendar day immediately
following the second anniversary of the First Funding Date and ending on and including
the third anniversary of the First Funding Date, 75% of (x) the Average Interest Rate
multiplied by (y) the portion of the Outstanding Principal Balance being redeemed;

(d) if
the Redemption Date occurs during the period commencing on the calendar day immediately
following the third anniversary of the First Funding Date and ending on and including
the fourth anniversary of the First Funding Date, 25% of (x) the Average Interest Rate
multiplied by (y) the portion of the Outstanding Principal Balance being redeemed;
or

(e) if
the Redemption Date occurs after the fourth anniversary of the First Funding Date, zero.

Notes
shall mean the Amended and Restated Subordinated Secured Notes issued pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement.

Open
of Business means 9:00 a.m., New York City time.

Original
Principal Amount shall have the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph.

Outstanding
Principal Balance shall have the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph.

Periodic
Term SOFR Determination Day shall have the meaning specified in Section 3(g)(i).

PIK
Interest means accrued interest that is added to the Outstanding Principal Balance pursuant to Section 3.
All interest accrued at the Default Rate shall be PIK Interest.

Qualified
Transferee means any Person (other than a natural person) that (i) is a commercial bank, insurance company, investment
or mutual fund or other entity that is an accredited investor (as defined in Regulation D under the Securities Act),
or (ii) has total assets (in name or under management) in excess of $250,000,000 and (except with respect to a pension advisory
firm, fund manager or its managed funds or similar fiduciary or investment vehicle) total capital/statutory surplus in excess
of $100,000,000, in each case other than any Competitor.

8

Redemption
Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 4(a).

Redemption
Notice shall have the meaning specified in Section 4(a).

Reference
Time with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (i) if the Benchmark is the Three-Month SOFR Rate, 11:00
a.m., New York time, on the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day, and (ii) if the Benchmark is not the Three-Month SOFR Rate,
the time determined by the Required Investors in accordance with the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes.

Register
shall have the meaning specified in Section 10(b).

Registered
Notes shall have the meaning specified in Section 10(b).

Relevant
Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially
endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto.

Replacement
Notes shall have the meaning specified in Section 11(a).

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

SOFR
means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator.

SOFR
Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing
rate).

Surviving
Person means the surviving Person in a merger, consolidation or similar transaction involving the Parent.

Tax
or Taxes means any and all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, charges, withholdings
(including backup withholding) imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable
thereto.

Term
SOFR Adjustment means 0.26161% per annum.

Term
SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term
SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion).

Term
SOFR Reference Rate means the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR.

Three-Month
SOFR Rate shall have the meaning specified in Section 3(g).

Transferee
means the transferee designated by the Holder.

9

Treasury
Rate means, with respect to any Note Redemption Amount calculated pursuant to clause (a) of the definition of such
term, (i) the yield, under the heading which represents the average for the immediately preceding week, appearing in the most
recently published statistical release designated H.15(519) or any successor publication which ispublished
weekly by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and which establishes yields on actively traded United States Treasury
securities adjusted to constant maturity under the caption Treasury Constant Maturities, for the maturity most closely
corresponding to length of time that will elapse between the Redemption Date and the first anniversary of the First Funding Date
or (ii) if such release (or any successor release) is not published during the week preceding the Redemption Date or does not
contain such yields, the rate per annum equal to the annualized yield to maturity of the Comparable Treasury Issue, in either
case as calculated on the third Business Day preceding the Redemption Date.

Unadjusted
Benchmark Replacement means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.

U.S.
Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (a) a Saturday, (b) a
Sunday or (c) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments
of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities.

SECTION
2. PAYMENT OF PRINCIPAL. If this Note has not yet been redeemed or otherwise repaid, the Note Obligations Amount (and
all other outstanding Obligations) as of the Maturity Date shall be due and payable on the Maturity Date.

SECTION
3. PAYMENT OF INTEREST.

(a) During
the term of this Note, interest shall accrue on the Outstanding Principal Balance at the Applicable Rate (or the Default Rate
to the extent provided in Section 3(f)) per annum from, and including, the Issuance Date until, but excluding, the Maturity
Date. TheOther than
in the case of Default Interest, the Note Obligors shall give the Holder notice of the form, rate and amount of each
interest payment (including whether such interest payment shall be paid in cash, as PIK Interest by adding such accrued interest
to the Outstanding Principal Balance or a combination thereof (including detail as to such combination)) no later than the tenth
Business Day prior to each Interest Payment Due Date.

(b) The
accrual of interest on this Note (other than Default Interest) as
of any date will be calculated based on the Outstanding Principal Balance of this Note as of the Close of Business on the immediately
preceding Interest Payment Due Date (or, if there is no preceding Interest Payment Due Date following the Issuance Date, on the
Issuance Date).

10

(c) Accrued
interest (other than Default Interest) shall be payable
quarterly in arrears on March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31 of each year, commencing on September 30, 2024 (each,
an Interest Payment Due Date). On each Interest Payment Due Date prior to and including MarchDecember
31, 20252026,
such accrued interest shall be payable at the Note Obligors election, in cash, as PIK Interest by adding such accrued interest
to the Outstanding Principal Balance or a combination thereof, as set forth in the definition of Applicable Rate. At
the option of the Note Obligors, the PIK Interest
election may be extended through the December 31, 2025 Interest Payment Due Date. At the option of the Note Obligors, the PIK
Interest election may be further extended through the December 31, 2026 Interest Payment Due Date (the 2026 PIK Option
and each Interest Payment Due Date ending March 31, 2026, June 30, 2026, September 30, 2026 and December 31, 2026 in which the
2026 PIK Option is exercised, a 2026 PIK Interest Payment Due Date). On each Interest Payment
Due Date occurring after the March 31, 2025 Interest Payment Due Date, or, if the PIK Interest
election option is extended by the Holders, after the December 31, 2025 Interest Payment Due Date, or, if the PIK Interest election
option is extended by the Holders, after the December 31, 2026 Interest
Payment Due Date, such accrued interest shall be paid in cash. In the event that the Note Obligors do not elect with respect to
an applicable Interest Payment Due Date whether to pay interest as PIK Interest or in cash or a combination thereof on or before
an Interest Payment Due Date, the Note Obligors shall be deemed to elect to pay such accrued interest due on such Interest Payment
Due Date as PIK Interest (and shall notify the Notes Agent of such and request Notes Agent to update the Register accordingly).
The To the extent
the Three-Month SOFR Rate is
a component of the Applicable
Rate, the Issuance Date and the date on which each Interest Payment Due Date occurs shall be a SOFR Rate
Determination Date. If any Interest Payment Due Date or SOFR Rate Determination Date would otherwise be a day that
is not a Business Day (other than the Interest Payment Due Date that is also the Maturity Date), such Interest Payment Due Date
or SOFR Rate Determination Date will be postponed to the immediately succeeding day that is a Business Day, except that if that
Business Day is in the immediately succeeding calendar month, the Interest Payment Date shall be the immediately preceding Business
Day.

(d) Any
Except as provided in
Section 3(f) below, any accrued interest paid as PIK
Interest will be effective at the Open of Business on such Interest Payment Due Date. Interest shall accrue and shall be computed
on the basis of a 360-day year and the actual number of days elapsed in such period.

(e) On
each Interest Payment Due Date, the Note Obligors shall notify Notes Agent of any accrued PIK Interest and request Notes Agent
make a record on the Register of the Outstanding Principal Balance of this Note due to any accrued PIK Interest, each Note shall
represent the increased Outstanding Principal Balance, and no separate Note will be issued with respect to such accrued PIK Interest.

(f) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, following the occurrence and during the continuance
of any Event of Default, the Note Obligors shall pay interest (Default Interest) at a rate equal
to the interest rate otherwise applicable plus 2.00% (the Default Rate) on (i) the Outstanding Principal
Balance, and (ii) to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the amount of any interest, fee or other amount payable hereunder
that is not paid when due, from the date such amount shall be due until such amount shall be paid in full,.
Default Interest shall be payable in arrears on the date
such amount shall be paid in full and on demand.daily
based on the Outstanding
Principal Balance of this Note and (to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law) the amount of any unpaid interest, fees
and other amounts as of the Close of Business on the immediately preceding calendar day. Such
accrued Default Interest shall be paid as
PIK
Interest by
adding such accrued Default Interest to the Outstanding Principal Balance.

11

(g) SOFR
Matters.TheTo
the extent the Three-Month SOFR Rate is a component
of the Applicable Rate, the Three-Month SOFR Rate shall
be calculated as of each SOFR Rate Determination Date and apply from such date until the succeeding SOFR Rate Determination Date.
For each such Interest Period beginning on a SOFR Rate Determination Date, Three-Month SOFR Rate means the
rate determined in accordance with the following provisions:

(i) the
Calculation Agent will determine the Three-Month SOFR Rate, which will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a three month tenor
on the day (such day, the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day) that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities
Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator;
provided, however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference
Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect
to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Three-Month SOFR Rate will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a three
month tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which
such Term SOFR Reference Rate for a three month tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding
U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Periodic
Term SOFR Determination Day.

(ii) If
the Three-Month SOFR Rate cannot be determined as described above on the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day, the rate for the
Interest Period following the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day will be the rate in effect on the immediately prior Periodic
Term SOFR Determination Day.

Notwithstanding
clause (i) and clause (ii) above, if the Required Investors (in consultation with the Note Obligors) determine on or prior to
the relevant Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date
(each, as defined herein) have occurred with respect to Three-Month SOFR Rate (or the then-current Benchmark, as applicable),
then the provisions set forth below under Effect of Benchmark Transition Event, which are referred to as the benchmark
transition provisions, will thereafter apply to all determinations of the rate of interest payable on the Notes. In accordance
with the benchmark transition provisions, after a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred,
the amount of interest that will be payable for each Interest Period will be an annual rate equal to the sum of (1) the greater
of (x) the Benchmark Replacement (as defined herein) and (y) 1.00% and (2) 7.00%. In the event that SOFR or applicable Benchmark
is not available on any determination date, then unless the Calculation Agent is notified in writing by the Note Obligors and
the Required Investors of a Benchmark Replacement in accordance with the terms of this Note within three (3) U.S. Government Securities
Business Days the Calculation Agent shall use the interest rate in effect for the immediately prior Interest Period.

12

All
percentages resulting from any calculation of any interest rate for this Note will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with five one-millionths of a percentage point rounded upwards (e.g., 3.456789% (or
.03456789) being rounded to 3.45679% (or .0345679)) and all dollar amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be
rounded to the nearest cent (with one-half cent being rounded upwards). Any percentage resulting from any calculation of any interest
rate for this Note less than 0.00% will be deemed to be 0.00% (or .0000).

Absent
willful misconduct, bad faith or manifest error, the calculation of the applicable interest rate for each Interest Period by the
Calculation Agent will be final and binding on the Note Obligors and the Holders.

The
Calculation Agent shall not have any liability for any delay, error or inaccuracy in the publication of any interest rate published
by any publication that is the source for determining the interest rates of the Notes, or for any rates published on any publicly
available source, including without limitation the Federal Reserve Bank of New Yorks Website or the Term SOFR Administrators
website, or in any of the foregoing cases for any subsequent correction or adjustment thereto.

Any
determination, decision or election that may be made by the Required Investors (in consultation with the Note Obligors) in connection
with a Benchmark Transition Event or a Benchmark Replacement, including any determination with respect to a rate or adjustment
or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action
or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in the Required Investors sole discretion,
and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Transaction Documents, will become effective without consent from any other
party, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 3(g).

(h) Effect
of Benchmark Transition Event.

(i) Benchmark
Replacement. If the Required Investors determine that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date
have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any determination of the Benchmark on any date, the Benchmark Replacement
will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of such determination on such date and
all determinations on all subsequent dates.

13

(ii) Benchmark
Replacement Conforming Changes. In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Required Investors will
have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time.

(iii) Decisions
and Determinations. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Required Investors pursuant to the benchmark
replacement provisions described in this Section 3(h), including any determination with respect to tenor, rate or adjustment
or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action
or any selection:

(1) will
be conclusive and binding absent manifest error;

(2) if
made by the Required Investors, will be made in its sole discretion; and

(3) shall
become effective without consent from any other party.

SECTION
4. REDEMPTION.

(a) Redemption
at the Option of the Note Obligors. The Note Obligors shall have the right to redeem the Note, in whole or in part, for an
amount in cash equal to the Note Redemption Amount in respect of all or a portion of the Outstanding Principal Balance, as the
case may be, on or about the date specified (the Redemption Date) in a written notice to Holder (the Redemption
Notice) that shall be delivered not less than ten (10) Business Days prior to the proposed Redemption Date, provided
that any such redemption shall be made pro rata with respect to all Notes then outstanding and such Redemption Notice may be made
contingent upon the consummation or completion of another transaction.

(b) Offer
to Redeem upon a Change of Control. If a Change of Control shall occur, the Note Obligors shall, not later than three (3)
Business Days after the occurrence of such Change of Control, give written notice to the Holder and offer to redeem this Note
for an amount in cash equal to the Note Redemption Amount in respect of the Outstanding Principal Balance; provided that the Note
Redemption Amount payable upon a redemption resulting from a Change of Control shall be equal to at least 101% of the Outstanding
Principal Balance redeemed. Holder may accept such redemption offer by written notice to the Note Obligors not later than five
(5) Business Days after delivery of such notice and the Note Obligors shall make payment on the redemption within three (3) Business
Days of its receipt of such notice of acceptance.

14

(c) Offer
to Redeem upon Certain Asset Sales. When the amount of aggregate Available Excess Proceeds from all Dispositions in any fiscal
year exceeds $5,000,000, the Note Obligors shall give prompt written notice to the Holder (the Asset Sale Notice),
which notice shall include a calculation of the Holders Asset Sale Pro Rata Portion and an offer to redeem a portion of
this Note (the Asset Redemption Offer) equal to the Holders Asset Sale Pro Rata Portion by making
a cash payment in the amount of the applicable Asset Sale Pro Rata Portion plus accrued and unpaid interest on such amount at
the Applicable Rate. Holder may accept such redemption offer by written notice to the Note Obligors not later than five (5) Business
Days after delivery of the Asset Sale Notice and the Note Obligors shall make payment on the redemption within three (3) Business
Days of its receipt of such notice of acceptance. The Note Obligors may use any remaining portion of such Available Excess Proceeds
that is not applied to purchase Notes because an Asset Redemption Offer is not accepted for general corporate purposes, the repayment
of Indebtedness or as otherwise required pursuant to its other contractual requirements. Upon completion of such Asset Redemption
Offer, the amount of Available Excess Proceeds shall be reset at zero.

(d) Mechanics
of Redemption and Repayment of this Note. The following procedures shall apply to redemptions and other repayments of the
amounts due and payable under this Note (other than in connection with any acceleration thereof):

(i) In
connection with any redemption or repayment of this Note in full, the Holder shall surrender this Note to the Note Obligors (or
in the case of the loss, theft or destruction of this Note, provide an indemnification undertaking with respect to this Note that
is reasonably satisfactory to the Note Obligors) no later than the Business Day immediately preceding the Redemption Date or Maturity
Date; provided that failure to timely surrender this Note shall not release the Note Obligors of its obligations hereunder.
In connection with any redemption or repayment on this Note in part, the Holder shall not surrender this Note to the Note Obligors
and the Outstanding Principal Balance of this Note shall be adjusted on the Note Obligors records to reflect such partial
redemption or repayment.

(ii) On
the Redemption Date or Maturity Date, the Note Obligors shall pay any amount due and payable under the terms of this Note in cash
as of such Redemption Date or the Maturity Date, and provide notice of such payment to the Notes Agent.

SECTION
5. EVENTS OF DEFAULT. Each of the following shall be an Event of Default with respect to this Note:

(a) The
Note Obligors fail to pay any portion of the Note Obligations Amount when due, whether on the Maturity Date, upon redemption,
acceleration, or otherwise.

15

(b) The
Note Obligors (i) elects to pay interest in cash or partially in cash and fails to pay such interest for five (5) Business Days
after the interest becomes due or (ii) fails to pay any other amounts not constituting principal or accrued interest hereunder
or under the Note Purchase Agreement or any other Transaction Document for a period of five (5) Business Days after such amounts
are due.

(c) [Reserved].

(d) Any
representation or warranty made by the Note Obligors in the Note Purchase Agreement or this Note or any amendment or modification
hereof or thereof or waiver hereunder or thereunder, or in any report, certificate furnished pursuant to or in connection with
this Note or the Note Purchase Agreement or any amendment or modification hereof or thereof or waiver hereunder or thereunder,
shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made or deemed made (other than to the extent qualified by materiality
or Material Adverse Effect, in which case, such representation or warranty shall prove to have been incorrect in
any respect).

(e) The
Note Obligors fail to comply with their obligations under Section 8 of the Note Purchase Agreement.

(f) The
Note Obligors fail to comply with their obligations under this Note, the Note Purchase Agreement or any other Transaction Document
(other than as otherwise expressly provided in Section 5(a), Section 5(b), Section 5(d), or Section 5(e))
for thirty (30) calendar days after the earlier of (i) receipt by the Note Obligors of written notice of the failure to so
comply from the Collateral Agent or the Required Investors or (ii) actual knowledge of such failure by a Responsible Officer of
the Note Obligors.

(g) The
Note Obligors or any of their Subsidiaries shall fail to perform or comply with any term, covenant, condition or agreement contained
in any agreement(s) or instrument(s) governing any Indebtedness for borrowed money in an amount in excess of $275,000 and the
holder or holder of such Indebtedness shall have accelerated the maturity thereof.

(h) (i)
One or more judgments for the payment of money in excess of $275,000 in the aggregate, to the extent not adequately covered by
insurance as to which a solvent and unaffiliated insurance company has acknowledged coverage, shall be rendered against the Note
Obligors, any of its Subsidiaries or any combination thereof (to the extent not paid or covered by a reputable and solvent independent
third-party insurance company which has not disputed coverage) and the same shall remain undischarged for a period of thirty (30)
consecutive calendar days during which execution shall not be effectively stayed (or an action of similar effect in any jurisdiction
outside the U.S.), or any action shall be legally taken by a judgment creditor to attach or levy upon any assets of the Note Obligors
or any of its Subsidiaries to enforce any such judgment and such action shall not be stayed (or an action of similar effect in
any jurisdiction outside the U.S.) or (ii) any nonmonetary judgment, writ or warrant of attachment or similar process shall be
entered or filed against Note Obligors or any Subsidiary or any combination thereof or any of their respective assets and shall
remain undischarged, unvacated, unbonded or unstayed (or an action of similar effect in any jurisdiction outside the U.S.) for
a period of ninety (90) consecutive calendar days and such non-monetary judgment, writ, warrant of attachment or similar process
would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

16

(i) (i)
Any material provision of the Transaction Documents, at any time after its execution and delivery and for any reason other than
(x) as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder, (y) as a result of acts or omissions by the Collateral Agent or any Investor,
or (z) the satisfaction in full of all the Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations not then due), ceases
to be in full force and effect, (ii) any Issuer Party or other Subsidiary of the Note Obligors contests in writing the validity
or enforceability of any provision of any Transaction Document or the validity or priority of a Lien as required by the Collateral
Documents on the Collateral, (iii) the Collateral Agent shall not have or shall cease to have a valid and perfected Lien in any
material portion of the Collateral purported to be covered by the Collateral Documents with the priority required by the relevant
Collateral Document or (iv) any Issuer Party or other Subsidiary of the Note Obligors denies in writing that it has any or further
liability or obligation under any Transaction Document (other than (x) as a result of repayment in full of the Obligations
or (y) in accordance with its terms), or purports in writing to revoke or rescind any Transaction Document (other than in accordance
with its terms).

(j) The
Note Obligors or any Guarantor, pursuant to or within the meaning of any Debtor Relief Law:

(i) commences
proceedings to be adjudicated bankrupt or insolvent;

(ii) consents
to the institution of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings against it, or the filing by it of a petition or answer or consent
seeking an arrangement of debt, reorganization, dissolution, winding up or relief under applicable Debtor Relief Laws;

(iii) consents
to the appointment of a receiver, interim receiver, receiver and manager, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or other
similar official of it or for all or substantially all of its property; or

(iv) makes
a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors.

(k) A
court of competent jurisdiction enters an order or decree under any Debtor Relief Law (which order or decree remains unstayed
and in effect for sixty (60) consecutive calendar days) that:

(i) is
for relief against the Note Obligors or any Guarantor in a proceeding in which the Note Obligors or any Guarantor is to be adjudicated
bankrupt or insolvent;

17

(ii) appoints
a receiver, interim receiver, receiver and manager, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or other similar official of the
Note Obligors or any Guarantor, or for all or substantially all of the property of the Note Obligors or any Guarantor; or

(iii) orders
the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Note Obligors or any Guarantor.

SECTION
6. REMEDIES. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default that has not been timely cured as provided herein:

(a) Acceleration
of Note. In the case of an Event of Default of the type specified in Section 5(j) or Section 5(k), the Note Redemption Amount will become immediately due and payable, without any further notice and without any presentment,
demand, or protest of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Note Obligors. If any other Event of Default occurs
and is continuing, the Required Investors may (i) declare the outstanding Note Redemption Amount, to be immediately due and payable
(with notice thereof to Collateral Agent), whereupon the same will become forthwith due and payable, and (ii) cause the
Collateral Agent to enforce any and all Liens and security interests created pursuant to the Collateral Documents.

(b) Waiver
of Default. The Required Investors may (upon execution of a written instrument) rescind any acceleration or waive any existing
Event of Default, together with any of the consequences of such Event of Default; provided that an Event of Default of the type
specified in Section 5(j) or Section 5(k) may only be waived and any acceleration with respect thereto
only rescinded in respect of this Note by the Holder. In such event, the Holder and the Note Obligors will be restored to their
respective former positions, rights and obligations hereunder.

(c) Cumulative
Remedies. No failure on the part of the Holder or the Required Investors to exercise and no delay in exercising any right
hereunder will operate as a waiver thereof, nor will any single or partial exercise by the Holder or Required Investors of any
right hereunder preclude any other or further right of exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right. The remedies herein
provided are cumulative and not alternative.

SECTION
7. Reserved.

SECTION
8. VOTING RIGHTS. The Holder shall have no voting rights as the holder of this Note, except as required by New York
Law or as expressly provided in this Note and the Note Purchase Agreement.

SECTION
9. AMENDMENTS. This Note, and any of the terms and provisions hereof, may be amended from time to time as set forth
in the Note Purchase Agreement.

18

SECTION
10. TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS AND RELATED PROVISIONS.

(a) This
Note may not be directly or indirectly offered, sold, assigned or transferred by the Holder without the prior written consent
of the Note Obligors except to a Qualified Transferee. For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 10 shall not restrict the
ability of any direct or indirect parent of the Holder to pledge, mortgage, charge or otherwise dispose of or encumber its assets.
In connection with any assignment or direct transfer of this Note (in whole or in part), the transferor and transferee shall enter
into an Assignment and Assumption Agreement in the form of Exhibit II hereto and provide a copy thereof to Notes
Agent. Any offer, sale, assignment or other transfer of this Note is also subject to the restrictive legends of this Note.

(b) The
Notes Agent shall maintain and keep updated a register (the Register) for the recordation of the names and
addresses of the Holders of this Note and each Replacement Note and the Outstanding Principal Balance of this Note (and accrued
interest) and any Replacement Note (the Registered Notes). The initial address for the Holder of this Note
shall be the address set forth on the Holders signature page hereto and may be updated, from time to time, by written notice
to the Note Obligors and Notes Agent. The entries in the Register shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes absent manifest
error. The Note Obligors, the Collateral Agent and the Holder of this Note or any Replacement Note shall treat each Person
whose name is recorded in the Register as the owner of this Note or the applicable Replacement Note for all purposes, including,
without limitation, the right to receive payments hereunder, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. Upon the written request
of the Holder, the Notes Agent shall provide a copy of the Register to the Holder and backup calculations for the values relating
to this Note in the Register. A Registered Note may be assigned or sold in whole or in part, to the extent permitted pursuant
to Section 10(a) and any other terms hereof, only by registration of such assignment or sale on the Register. Upon
the Notes Agents receipt of a permitted request to assign or sell all or part of any Registered Note by the Holder of the
applicable Registered Note, an Assignment and Assumption Agreement, a Joinder Agreement (as defined in the Collateral Agency Agreement),
any tax forms required by Section 16 and any KYC information required by the Note Purchase Agreement, a processing and recordation
fee of $3,500 to Notes Agent, and the physical surrender of such applicable Registered Note to the Note Obligors, the Notes Agent
shall record the information contained therein in the Register and the Note Obligors shall issue one or more new Registered Notes,
the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of which is the same as the entire Outstanding Principal Balance of the surrendered
Registered Note, to the Transferee pursuant to Section 11. The provisions of this Section 10(b) are
intended to cause the Note to be in registered form as defined in Treasury Regulations Sections 5f.103-1(c) and
1.871-14(c), or Proposed Section 1.163-5(b) (and any successor sections) and shall be interpreted and applied consistently therewith.

19

SECTION
11. REISSUANCE OF THE NOTE.

(a) Transfer.
If this Note is permitted to be transferred, in whole or in part, the Holder shall surrender this Note to the Note Obligors, whereupon
the Note Obligors will issue and deliver a Replacement Note to the Transferee (in accordance with Section 11(d)), representing the Outstanding Principal Balance of this Note being transferred by the Holder and, if less than the entire Outstanding
Principal Balance of this Note held by the Holder is being transferred, a new note (in accordance with Section 11(d)) to the Holder, representing the portion of the Outstanding Principal Balance not being transferred (each, a Replacement
Note and collectively, the Replacement Notes). The Holder and the Transferee, by acceptance of
this Note, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of Section 11(d), following redemption
of any portion of this Note, the Outstanding Principal Balance represented by this Note may be less than the Outstanding Principal
Balance stated on the face of this Note.

(b) Note
Exchangeable for Different Denominations. This Note is exchangeable, upon the surrender hereof by the Holder at the principal
office of the Note Obligors, for Replacement Notes representing in the aggregate the Outstanding Principal Balance of this Note
in accordance with Section 11(d). Each such Replacement Note will represent such portion of such Outstanding Principal
Balance as is designated by the Holder at the time of such surrender. The Original Principal Amount shall be allocated
pro rata between such Replacement Notes based on the Outstanding Principal Balance designated for each.

(c) Lost,
Stolen, Destroyed or Mutilated Note. Upon receipt by the Note Obligors of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Note Obligors
of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Note and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of any indemnification
undertaking by the Holder to the Note Obligors in customary form and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation
of this Note, the Note Obligors shall execute and deliver to the Holder a Replacement Note (in accordance with Section 11(d)),
representing the Outstanding Principal Balance.

(d) Issuance
of Replacement Notes. Whenever the Note Obligors are required to issue a Replacement Note pursuant to the terms of this Note,
such Replacement Note (i) shall be of like tenor with this Note, (ii) shall represent, as indicated on the face of such Replacement
Note, the remaining Outstanding Principal Balance (or, in the case of a Replacement Note being issued pursuant to Section
11(a) or Section 11(c), the Outstanding Principal Balance designated by the Holder which, when added
to the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance represented by the other Replacement Notes issued in connection with such issuance,
does not exceed the remaining Outstanding Principal Balance under this Note immediately prior to such issuance of Replacement
Notes), (iii) shall be deemed to have an Original Principal Amount calculated in accordance with Section 11(b), (iv) shall have an issuance date, as indicated on the face of such Replacement Note, which is the same as the Issuance Date
of this Note, (v) shall be deemed to have accrued its proportional share of the interest under this Note from the immediately
preceding Interest Payment Due Date, (vi)shall have the same rights and conditions as this Note, and (vii) shall be timely prepared
and issued by the Note Obligors. The Note Obligors shall provide Notes Agent with notice of any issuance of Replacement Notes
and the details in respect thereof to permit the Notes Agent to revise the Register.

20

SECTION
12. DISPUTES REGARDING ARITHMETIC CALCULATIONS. If the Holder disagrees with any arithmetic calculations performed by
the Note Obligors pursuant to this Note, the Holder shall submit to the Note Obligors its calculations thereof. If the Holder
and the Note Obligors are unable to agree upon such calculation within five (5) Business Days of the submission by the Holder,
then the Note Obligors shall, within five (5) Business Days thereafter submit the disputed arithmetic calculation to the Note
Obligors independent, outside accountant, or if such accountant is unwilling or prohibited, an accountant reasonably satisfactory
to the parties (which is ranked in the top twenty (20) accounting firms nationally, by revenue). The Note Obligors shall cause
such accountant to perform the calculation and notify the Note Obligors and the Holder of the results no later than ten (10) Business
Days from the time it receives the disputed calculation. The Holder shall pay the costs and expenses of such accountant unless
the calculation of such accountant is mathematically closer to the Holders calculation than the calculation submitted by
the Note Obligors, in which case, the costs and expenses of such accountant shall be paid by the Note Obligors. Such calculation
shall be binding upon all parties absent manifest error.

SECTION
13. NOTICES AND PAYMENTS.

(a) Notices.
All notices, requests, demands, consents, instructions or other communications required or permitted hereunder shall in writing
and mailed or delivered personally, by overnight courier, by electronic mail or other or other electronic transmission to each
party as follows: (i) if to the Holder, at the Holders address set forth in the Register, or (ii) if to the Note Obligors,
at the address set forth on the Note Obligors signature page hereto, or at such other address as the Note Obligors shall
have furnished to the Holder in writing. All such notices and communications will be deemed effectively given the earlier of (i)
when received, (ii) when delivered personally, (iii) one Business Day after being deposited with an overnight courier service
of recognized standing or (iv) four days after being deposited in the U.S. mail, first class with postage prepaid.

(b) Payments.
Whenever any payment of cash is to be made by the Note Obligors to any Person pursuant to this Note, such payment shall be made
in cash via wire transfer of immediately available funds. The Holders wire transfer instructions are attached hereto as
Exhibit I. In the event of a change of Holders wire transfer instructions, Holder shall provide the Note
Obligors and Collateral Agent with five (5) Business Days prior written notice of such change and any amounts paid by the
Note Obligors to the account listed on Exhibit I hereto prior to such notice shall be deemed paid to the Holder.
Whenever any amount expressed to be due by the terms of this Note is due on any day which is not a Business Day, the same shall
instead be due on the next succeeding day which is a Business Day; provided, however, that in the case of any Interest Payment
Due Date on which the Note Obligors is paying PIK Interest and that is not the date on which this Note is paid in full, the extension
of the due date thereof shall not be taken into account for purposes of determining the amount of interest due on such date.

21

SECTION
14. WAIVER OF NOTICE. To the extent permitted by Law, unless otherwise provided herein, the Note Obligors hereby waives
demand, notice, protest and all other demands and notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default or
enforcement of this Note.

SECTION
15. GOVERNING LAW, WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL, JURISDICTION, AND SEVERABILITY.

(a) This
Note and all actions arising out of or in connection with this Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the
laws of the State of New York, without regard to the conflicts of law provisions of the State of New York or of any other state
that would result in the application of the laws of a state other than the State of New York.

(b) By
acceptance of this Note, each of the Note Obligors and the Holder hereby agrees to waive their respective rights to a jury trial
of any claim or cause of action based upon or arising out of this Note or any of the Transaction Documents.

(c) To
the extent permitted by law, each of the Holder and the Note Obligors hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state
and federal courts sitting in the Borough of Manhattan in New York City for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection
herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit,
action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action
or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. Nothing contained
herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by Law.

(d) In
the event that any provision of this Note is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable Law, then such provision shall be deemed
inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such Law. Any such provision
which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any Law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision
of this Note.

SECTION
16. TAX MATTERS.

(a) All
amounts payable or deliverable in respect of this Note, whether in respect of principal, interest (including accrued interest)
or otherwise, will be made free and clear of and without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future Taxes
unless the withholding or deduction of such Taxes is required by Law.

(b) Notwithstanding
anything in Section 16(a) to the contrary, all such amounts paid or delivered by or on behalf of the Note Obligors
to (A) any Person who is a United States person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code who has timely provided,
on behalf of itself, a properly completed and valid Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 and (B) any Person other than a United States
person who has timely provided, on behalf of itself and/or its beneficial owners, as applicable, a properly completed and valid
Internal Revenue Service Form W- 8BEN, Form W-8BEN-E or other applicable Internal Revenue Service Form W-8 and such other information
(such as that it and/or its beneficial owner is not a 10% shareholder of the Parent, a controlled foreign corporation to which
the Note Obligors are related, or a bank extending credit to the Note Obligors in the ordinary course of its trade or business)
establishing an exemption from U.S. federal withholding tax, shall be free and clear of and without any deduction or withholding
for or on account of, any U.S. federal income tax, other than any U.S. federal income tax imposed under FATCA, unless the withholding
or deduction of such U.S. federal income tax is required as a result of a change in Law after the date hereof; provided that,
for the avoidance of doubt, any forms or other information provided by a transferor or predecessor with respect to a Person shall
not satisfy the requirements of this sentence with respect to such Person.

22

(c) The
Note Obligors will furnish to the Holder, within a reasonable time after the date the payment of any taxes withheld or deducted
is made, certified copies of tax receipts evidencing payment by the Note Obligors, or other evidence of payments (reasonably
satisfactory to the Holder).

(d) The
Note Obligors will pay and indemnify the Holder for any present or future stamp, issue, registration, court or documentary Taxes,
or any other excise or property Taxes levied on or in connection with the execution, delivery, issuance, registration or enforcement
of this Note or the receipt of any payments with respect thereto.

SECTION
17. INTERPRETATION. In this Note, unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, all words and personal
pronouns relating thereto shall be read and construed as the number and gender of the party or parties required and the verb shall
be read and construed as agreeing with the required word and pronoun; the division of this Note into Sections and Exhibits and
the use of headings and captions is for convenience of reference only and shall not modify or affect the interpretation or construction
of this Note or any of its provisions; the words herein, hereof, hereunder, hereinafter
and hereto and words of similar import refer to this Note as a whole and not to any particular Section or Exhibit
hereof; the words include, including, and derivations thereof shall be deemed to have the phrase without
limitation attached thereto unless otherwise expressly stated; references to a specified Exhibit or Section shall be construed
as a reference to that specified Exhibit or Section of this Note; and all references to $ or dollars
shall be deemed references to United States dollars.

(Signature
Page Follows)

23

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Note Obligors have caused this Note to be duly executed as of the Issuance Date set out above.

SONDER
HOLDINGS INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

SONDER
HOLDINGS LLC

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

SONDER
USA INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

SONDER
HOSPITALITY USA INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature
Page to Amended and Restated Subordinated Secured Note]

ACKNOWLEDGED
AND ACCEPTED:

[HOLDER]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Address:

[Holder]

[Address]

[Address]

Attention:

Telephone:

Email:

[Signature Page to Amended and Restated Subordinated Secured Note]

Exhibit
I

Holder
Wire Instructions

Exhibit
II

Form
of Assignment and Assumption Agreement

[Sonder
Subordinated Secured Notes]

[FORM
OF]

ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT

This
Assignment and Assumption Agreement (the Assignment and Assumption) is dated as of the Effective Date set
forth below and is entered into by and between [NAME OF ASSIGNOR] (the Assignor) and [NAME OF ASSIGNEE] (the
Assignee). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Note
Purchase Agreement identified below (the Note Purchase Agreement), receipt of a copy of which is hereby acknowledged
by the Assignee. The Standard Terms and Conditions set forth in Annex I attached hereto (the Standard Terms and
Conditions) are hereby agreed to and incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this Assignment and Assumption
as if set forth herein in full.

For
an agreed consideration, the Assignor hereby irrevocably sells and assigns to the Assignee, and the Assignee hereby irrevocably
purchases and assumes from the Assignor, subject to and in accordance with the Standard Terms and Conditions and the Note Purchase
Agreement, as of the Effective Date inserted by the Notes Agent as contemplated below (i) all of the Assignors rights and
obligations in its capacity as an Investor under the Note Purchase Agreement and any other documents or instruments delivered
pursuant thereto to the extent related to the amount identified below of all of such outstanding rights and obligations of the
Assignor under the Note Purchase Agreement and (ii) to the extent permitted to be assigned under applicable law, all claims, suits,
causes of action and any other right of the Assignor (in its capacity as an Investor) against any Person, whether known or unknown,
arising under or in connection with the Note Purchase Agreement, any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto
or the transactions governed thereby or in any way based on or related to any of the foregoing, including contract claims, tort
claims, malpractice claims, statutory claims and all other claims at law or in equity related to the rights and obligations sold
and assigned pursuant to clause (i) above (the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) above
being referred to herein collectively as the Assigned Interest). Such sale and assignment is without recourse
to the Assignor and, except as expressly provided in this Assignment and Assumption, without representation or warranty by the
Assignor.

[The
Assignee represents and warrants that it is not a Competitor (as defined in the Note identified below) and (i) is a commercial
bank, insurance company, investment or mutual fund or other entity that is an accredited investor (as defined in
Regulation D under the Securities Act), or (ii) has total assets (in name or under management) in excess of $250,000,000
and (except with respect to a pension advisory firm, fund manager or its managed funds or similar fiduciary or investment vehicle)
total capital/statutory surplus in excess of $100,000,000.]2

1. Assignor: 

2. Assignee: 

3. Note
Obligors: 

2
Include if the Assignee meets these requirements of a Qualified Transferee as defined in the Note, in which case consent
by the Note Obligors Representative is not required for assignment.

4. Not
Agent: Alter
Domus (US) LLC

5. Note
Purchase Agreement: Note
and Warrant Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 10, 2021 (as amended by that certain Omnibus Amendment, dated as of December
21, 2022, that certain Second Omnibus Amendment, dated as of November 6, 2023, that certain Waiver Forbearance and Third Amendment,
dated as of June 10, 2024, that certain Fourth Amendment, dated as of July 12, 2024, that certain Waiver, Consent and Fifth
Amendment, dated as of August 13, 2024 and,
that certain Waiver, Consent and Sixth Amendment, dated as of April 11, 2025, and as may be further amended, restated,
amended and restated, supplemented, extended and/or otherwise modified from time to time, the Note Purchase Agreement),
among Sonder Holdings Inc., Sonder USA Inc., Sonder Hospitality USA Inc., Sonder Holdings LLC, the other Note Obligors from
time to time party thereto, the Guarantors from time to time party thereto, and the Persons identified as Investors therein.

6. Assigned
Interest: 

Assigned
Note 

Outstanding
Principal Balance

Note
No. N-[ ] $

Effective
Date: , 20__ [TO BE INSERTED BY NOTES AGENT AND WHICH SHALL BE THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF RECORDATION OF TRANSFER IN THE REGISTER THEREFOR.]

The
Assignee agrees to deliver to the Notes Agent and the Note Obligor Representative a completed questionnaire in which the Assignee
(i) designates one or more credit contacts to whom all information to which Investors are entitled pursuant to the Note Purchase
Agreement (which may contain material non-public information about the Issuer Parties or their respective securities) will be
made available and who may receive such information in accordance with the Assignees compliance procedures and applicable
laws, including Federal and state securities laws, and (ii) provides wire instructions for an account into which all payments
under the Note shall be made.

The
terms set forth in this Assignment and Assumption are hereby agreed to:

ASSIGNOR

[NAME
OF ASSIGNOR],

By: 

Name:

Title:

ASSIGNEE

[NAME
OF ASSIGNEE],

By: 

Name:

Title:

Consented
to and Accepted:

ALTER
DOMUS (US) LLC, as Notes Agent

By: 

Name:

Title:

Consented
to:3

Note
Obligors Representative,

SONDER
HOLDINGS INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

3
Remove consent if transfer is to a Qualified Transferee as defined in the Note and the text bracketed and footnoted 1 on
the first page of this Assignment and Assumption Agreement is being included.

Annex
I

Exhibit II

Sonder
Note Purchase Agreement

Standard
Terms and Conditions for

Assignment and Assumption

1. Representations
and Warranties.

1.1 Assignor.
The Assignor (a) represents and warrants that (i) it is the legal and beneficial owner of the Assigned Interest, (ii) the Assigned
Interest is free and clear of any lien, encumbrance or other adverse claim, and (iii) it has full power and authority, and has
taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated
hereby; and (b) assumes no responsibility with respect to (i) any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection
with the Note Purchase Agreement or any other Transaction Document, (ii) the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness,
sufficiency or value of the Transaction Documents or any collateral thereunder, (iii) the financial condition of the Note Obligors,
any of their Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person obligated in respect of any Transaction Document, (iv) any requirements
under applicable law for the Assignee to become an Investor under the Note Purchase Agreement or to charge interest at the rate
set forth therein from time to time, or (v) the performance or observance by the Note Obligors, any of their Subsidiaries or Affiliates
or any other Person of any of their respective obligations under any Transaction Document.

1.2 Assignee.
The Assignee (a) represents and warrants that (i) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute
and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to become an Investor under
the Note Purchase Agreement and under applicable law, (ii) it satisfies the requirements, if any, specified in the Note Purchase
Agreement that are required to be satisfied by it in order to acquire the Assigned Interest and become an Investor, (iii) from
and after the Effective Date, it shall be bound by the provisions of the Note Purchase Agreement as an Investor thereunder and,
to the extent of the Assigned Interest, shall have the obligations of an Investor thereunder, (iv) it is sophisticated with respect
to decisions to acquire assets of the type represented by the Assigned Interest and either it, or the Person exercising discretion
in making its decision to acquire the Assigned Interest, is experienced in acquiring assets of such type, (v) it has received
and/or had the opportunity to review a copy of the Note Purchase Agreement to the extent it has in its sole discretion deemed
necessary, together with copies of the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 7(a)(i) and (ii) thereof (or, prior to the first such delivery, the financial statements referred to in Section 2(e)(i) and (ii) thereof), as applicable, and such other documents and information as it has in its sole discretion deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and Assumption and to purchase the Assigned Interest on the
basis of which it has made such analysis and decision independently and without reliance on the Notes Agent, the Collateral Agent,
the Assignor or any other Investor or any of their respective Related Parties and (vi) attached to this Assignment and Assumption
is any documentation required to be delivered by it pursuant to the terms of the Note Purchase Agreement, duly completed and executed
by the Assignee (including, if applicable, a completed administrative questionnaire, tax forms, know your customer
documentation and an executed Joinder Agreement (as defined in the Collateral Agency Agreement)); (b) agrees that
it will, independently and without reliance on the Notes Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Assignor or any other Investor, and
based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in
taking or not taking action under the Transaction Documents; (c) appoints and authorizes the Notes Agent and the Collateral Agent
to take such action as agents on its behalf and to exercise such powers under the Note Purchase Agreement and the other Transaction
Documents as are delegated to or otherwise conferred upon the Notes Agent and the Collateral Agent, respectively, by the terms
thereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto; and (d) agrees that it will perform in accordance with
their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Transaction Documents are required to be performed by it as an Investor.

2. Payments.
From and after the Effective Date, the Note Obligors shall make all payments in respect of the Assigned Interest (including payments
of principal, interest, fees and other amounts) to the Assignee whether such amounts have accrued prior to or on or after the
Effective Date. The Assignor and the Assignee shall make all appropriate adjustments in payments by the Note Obligors for periods
prior to the Effective Date or with respect to the making of this assignment directly between themselves.

3. Effect
of Assignment. Upon the delivery of a fully executed original hereof to the Notes Agent, as of the Effective Date, (i) the
Assignee shall be a party to the Note Purchase Agreement and, to the extent of the Assigned Interest and as provided in this Assignment
and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of an Investor thereunder and under the other Transaction Documents and (ii) the
Assignor shall, to the extent as provided in this Assignment and Assumption, relinquish its rights and be released from its obligations
under the Note Purchase Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to the extent of the Assigned Interest.

4. General
Provisions. This Assignment and Assumption shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their
respective successors and assigns. This Assignment and Assumption may be executed in any number of counterparts, which together
shall constitute one instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Assignment and Assumption by
telecopy or other means of electronic imaging shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Assignment
and Assumption. THIS ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF
NEW YORK.

ANNEX
C

[Attached]

THIS
NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED OR QUALIFIED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, (THE ACT) OR THE SECURITIES
LAWS OF ANY JURISDICTION AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, ASSIGNED, ENCUMBERED, HYPOTHECATED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED
OF EXCEPT (I) PURSUANT TO A REGISTRATION STATEMENT WITH RESPECT TO SUCH SECURITIES THAT IS EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT
OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAW, OR (II) IN A TRANSACTION THAT DOES NOT REQUIRE REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR APPLICABLE
STATE SECURITIES LAW, INCLUDING PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A OR TO PERSONS OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES PURSUANT TO REGULATION
S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, PROVIDED THAT, EXCEPT IN THE CASE OF ANY TRANSACTION EXEMPT FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF
THE SECURITIES ACT PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A OR TO PERSONS OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES PURSUANT TO REGULATION S UNDER
THE SECURITIES ACT, AN OPINION OF COUNSEL SHALL BE FURNISHED TO THE NOTE OBLIGORS (IF REQUESTED BY THE NOTE OBLIGORS), IN FORM
AND SUBSTANCE REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE NOTE OBLIGORS, TO THE EFFECT THAT SUCH TRANSACTION DOES NOT REQUIRE REGISTRATION
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND/OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAW.

THE
FOLLOWING INFORMATION IS PROVIDED PURSUANT TO TREAS. REG. SECTION 1.1275-3: THIS DEBT INSTRUMENT IS ISSUED WITH ORIGINAL ISSUE
DISCOUNT. THE NOTE OBLIGORS WILL MAKE AVAILABLE ON REQUEST TO THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION: ISSUE PRICE,
AMOUNT OF ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT, ISSUE DATE, AND YIELD. THE ADDRESS OF THE NOTE OBLIGORS IS: SONDER HOLDINGS INC., 447 SUTTER
ST. SUITE 405, #542, SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94108, ATTENTION: CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER. 

THE
HOLDER MAY NOT, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, TRANSFER THIS NOTE, EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 10 AND SECTION 11 HEREOF.

ANYTHING
HEREIN TO THE CONTRARY NOTWITHSTANDING, THE LIENS AND SECURITY INTERESTS SECURING THE OBLIGATIONS EVIDENCED BY THIS NOTE, THE
EXERCISE OF ANY RIGHT OR REMEDY WITH RESPECT THERETO, AND CERTAIN OF THE RIGHTS OF THE HOLDER HEREOF ARE SUBJECT TO THE PROVISIONS
OF THE INTERCREDITOR AND SUBORDINATION AGREEMENT DATED AS OF DECEMBER 21, 2022 (AS AMENDED, RESTATED, SUPPLEMENTED, OR OTHERWISE
MODIFIED FROM TIME TO TIME, THE SUBORDINATION AGREEMENT), BY AND AMONG SILICON VALLEY BANK, A DIVISION OF FIRST-CITIZENS
BANK & TRUST COMPANY, AS SENIOR LENDER, THE SUBORDINATED CLAIMHOLDERS PARTY THERETO, AND ACKNOWLEDGED BY SONDER USA INC.,
SONDER HOLDINGS, INC., SONDER HOSPITALITY USA INC. AND CERTAIN OTHER OBLIGORS. IN THE EVENT OF ANY CONFLICT BETWEEN THE TERMS
OF THE SUBORDINATION AGREEMENT AND THIS NOTE, THE TERMS OF THE SUBORDINATION AGREEMENT SHALL GOVERN AND CONTROL.

AMENDED
AND RESTATED SUBORDINATED SECURED BRIDGE NOTE

Issuance
Date: June 10, 2024 (the Issuance Date)

Original
Principal Amount: $[ ]

Note
No.: N-[ ]

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the Note Obligors (as defined in the Note Purchase Agreement), hereby promise to pay [Holder] or its
registered assigns (the Holder) the amount set out above as the Original Principal Amount, as such amount
may be (i) increased pursuant to the payment of PIK Interest or (ii) reduced pursuant to any redemption or repayment effected
in accordance with the terms hereof or the terms of the Note Purchase Agreement (the balance of such amount from time to time
being the Outstanding Principal Balance), when due, whether upon the Maturity Date, redemption, acceleration
or otherwise (in each case in accordance with the terms hereof). This note (including all notes issued in exchange, transfer or
replacement hereof, this Note) is issued pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement (as defined below).

SECTION
1. DEFINITIONS. Capitalized terms used herein and not defined below shall have the respective meanings set forth in
the Note Purchase Agreement. The following terms used in this Note will have the respective meanings set forth below:

2026
PIK Option shall have the meaning specified in
Section 3.

2026
PIK Interest
Payment Due
Date shall have the meaning specified in
Section 3.

Affiliate
means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls
or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified including, without limitation, any general partner, managing
member, officer, director, trustee or manager of such person and any venture capital fund, private equity fund, investment firm
or registered investment company now or hereafter existing that is controlled by one or more general partners or managing members
of, or is under common investment management with, such Person.

Applicable
Rate means, with respect to interest payable on an Interest Payment Due Date for the period since the immediately preceding
Interest Payment Due Date (or, if no preceding Interest Payment Due Date, since the Issuance Date) (such period, the Interest
Period), (a) the greater of (x) Three-Month
SOFR Rate plus the Term SOFR Adjustment and (y) 1.00%, plus (b) 9.00%, plus (c) solely in respect
of a 2026 PIK Interest Payment Due Date, 2.007.00%.

Asset
Sale Pro Rata Portion means an amount equal to (a) (i) any Available Excess Proceeds, multiplied by (ii) the fraction
obtained by dividing the Outstanding Principal Balance of this Note by the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balances of all then-
outstanding Notes.

Average
Interest Rate means, with respect to any period specified in clauses (a) through (d) of the definition of Note Redemption
Amount, the average of the interest rates per annum in effect (excluding any Default Rate) on each day for the period beginning
on thefirst day of the period specified in such
clause and ending on the day prior to the Redemption Date.

2

Benchmark
means, initially, the Three-Month SOFR Rate, as defined above; provided that
if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to Three-Month SOFR Rate
or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement.

Benchmark
Replacement means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Required Investors
(in consultation with the Note Obligors) as of the Benchmark Replacement Date:

(i) Daily
Simple SOFR; or

(ii) (b)
the sum of: (i) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Calculation Agent and the Note Obligors giving due
consideration to (A) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate
by the Relevant Governmental Body or (B) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as
a replacement to the then-current Benchmark for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities and (ii) the related Benchmark
Replacement Adjustment;

provided,
that in each case, such Benchmark Replacement shall be administratively feasible for the Calculation Agent.

Benchmark
Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark
Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive
or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Required Investors and the Issuer giving due consideration to (a) any
selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement
of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body or (b) any evolving or
then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment,
for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit
facilities.

The
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment shall not include the 7.00% margin specified herein and such margin shall be applied to the Benchmark
Replacement to determine the interest payable on the Note.

Benchmark
Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational
changes (including changes to the definitions or interpretations of Interest Period, the timing and frequency of determining rates
and making payments of interest, the rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Required Investors
(after consultation with the Note Obligors) may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit
the administration thereof by the Calculation Agent in a manner substantiallyconsistent
with market practice (or, if the Required Investors decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively
feasible or if the Required Investors determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such
other manner as the Required Investors determines is reasonably practicable); provided that any such changes shall be administratively
feasible for the Calculation Agent.

3

Benchmark
Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark:

(i) in
the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (x) the date of the
public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (y) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark
permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark; or

(ii) in
the case of clause (iii) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the date of the public statement or publication
of information referenced therein.

For
the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than,
the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the
Reference Time for such determination.

Benchmark
Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark:

(i) a
public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that such administrator
has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark, permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark;

(ii) a
public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark, the central
bank for the currency of the Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark, a resolution
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution
authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the Benchmark has ceased or will cease
to provide the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark; or

(iii) a
public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark announcing
that the Benchmark is no longer representative.

Bridge
Funding Date means the date of the Bridge Funding Event.

4

Calculation
Agent means the Parent.

Capital
Stock means, for any Person, any and all shares, interests, rights to purchase, warrants, options, participations or
other equivalents of, or interest in (howsoeverdesignated),
the equity of such Person, but excluding any debt securities convertible into such equity.

Change
of Control means (a) at any time, any person or group (as such terms are used in Sections
13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) shall become the beneficial owner (as defined
in Rules 13(d)-3 and 13(d)-5 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), directly or indirectly, of fifty percent
(50%) or more of the ordinary voting power for the election of directors of the Parent (determined on a fully diluted basis);
(b) the Parent shall cease to have the ability to, directly or indirectly, elect (either through share ownership or contractual
voting rights) a majority of the board of directors or equivalent governing body of any other Issuer Party, except to the extent
expressly permitted by Section 8(g) of the Note Purchase Agreement; or (c) any Issuer Party shall cease to own and control,
of record and beneficially, directly or indirectly, 100% of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by the issued and
outstanding Equity Interests of its Subsidiaries on a fully diluted basis (which for this purpose shall exclude all Equity Interests
that have not yet vested), free and clear of all Liens (except Liens created by the Security Documents, Liens permitted by Section
8(b)(xiii) of the Note Purchase Agreement and non-consensual Permitted Liens that are being contested in good faith); provided that this clause (c) shall not apply to Sonder Canada so long as Parent and its Subsidiaries own and control, of record and
beneficially, directly or indirectly, at least 73% of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by the issued and outstanding
Equity Interests of Sonder Canada; provided further that, with respect to any Subsidiary formed in a jurisdiction where
a law, rule or regulation of such jurisdiction restricts the applicable Issuer Party from owning and controlling, of record and
beneficially, directly or indirectly, one hundred percent (100%) of each class of outstanding Equity Interest of such Subsidiary,
in each case, this clause (c) shall not apply so long as (x) such Issuer Party owns and controls no less than ninety-nine percent
(99%) (or such lesser amount representing the maximum amount of Equity Interests such Issuer Party is permitted to own and control)
of each class of outstanding Equity Interests of such Subsidiary free and clear of all Liens (except Liens created by the Security
Agreement, Liens permitted by Section 8(b)(xiii) of the Note Purchase Agreement and non-consensual Permitted Liens that
are being contested in good faith) and (y) such Issuer Party has notified the Investors of such situation and the limitations
of such Subsidiarys jurisdiction; or (d) a change of control or any comparable term under, and as defined
in, any Senior Credit Agreement shall have occurred.

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Merger Transactions shall not be deemed a Change of Control.

Close
of Business means 5:00 p.m., New York City time.

Code
means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

5

Comparable
Treasury Issue means the United States Treasury security selected by the Note Obligors (in consultation with the Required
Investors) as having a maturity comparable to the remaining term of the Notes to be redeemed that would be utilized, at the time
of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing newissues
of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes.

Competitor
means any Person engaged primarily (or as a material portion of its business) in, and including as a platform for, travel, accommodations,
lodging, hospitality services and real estate, and such Persons Affiliates and major investors but shall not include any
Person engaged in the business of making passive investments in such businesses so long as such Person has in place procedures
to prevent the distribution of confidential information that is prohibited under the Transaction Documents; provided, however,
that investments conferring rights to become a director of such Person or an observer of such Persons board of directors
or equivalent governing body shall not be considered passive for purposes of this definition.

Control
means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a
Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled
have meanings correlative thereto.

Conversion
Event shall have the meaning specified in Section 5(a).

Daily
Simple SOFR means, for any day, SOFR, with the conventions for this rate (which will include a lookback) being established
by the Required Investors in accordance with the conventions for this rate selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental
Body for determining Daily Simple SOFR for syndicated business loans; provided that if the Required Investors decide
(in consultation with the Calculation Agent) that any such convention is not administratively feasible, then the Required Investors
may establish another convention in their reasonable discretion.

Debtor
Relief Laws means the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy,
assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor
relief Laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect.

Default
Interest shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(f).

Default
Rate shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(f).

Event
of Default shall have the meaning specified in Section 5.

FATCA
means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Note (or any amended or successor version that is substantively
comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof,
any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices
adopted pursuant to, any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities and implementing such
Sections of the Code.

6

Federal
Reserve Bank of New Yorks Website means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, currently at http://www
newyorkfed.org, or any successor source.

Holder
shall have the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph.

Interest
Payment Due Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 3(c).

Issuance
Date shall have the meaning specified in the preamble of this Note.

Law
means any law (including common law), constitution, statute, treaty, regulation, rule, ordinance, code, ruling, or order of, including
the administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof,
or any agreement with, any Governmental Authority.

Maturity
Date means, December 10, 2027.

Note
Obligations Amount means, as of any date of determination, an amount equal to the sum of (i) the Outstanding Principal
Balance (or portion thereof, if applicable) as of the Close of Business on such date plus (ii) all accrued and unpaid interest
on this Note (or portion thereof, if applicable) through, but excluding such date, which interest is not otherwise included in
such Outstanding Principal Balance.

Note
Purchase Agreement shall mean the Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 10, 2021, by and among the Note Obligors,
the Guarantors and the Investors party thereto, as amended by that certain Omnibus Amendment, dated as of December 21, 2022, that
certain Second Omnibus Amendment, dated as of November 6, 2023, that certain Waiver Forbearance and Third Amendment, dated as
of June 10, 2024, that certain Fourth Amendment, dated as of July 12, 2024 and that certain Waiver, Consent and Fifth Amendment,
dated as of August 13, 2024.

Note
Redemption Amount means, in respect of any portion of the Outstanding Principal Balance redeemed (other than with respect
to an Excess Cash Flow Redemption), an amount, calculated as of the Redemption Date, equal to the corresponding Note Obligations
Amount, plus a premium equal to:

(a) if
the Redemption Date occurs during the period commencing on the calendar day immediately
following the Issuance Date and ending on and including the first anniversary of the
Bridge Funding Date, the sum of (x) the present value at such Redemption Date of the
interest payments scheduled to be due on each Interest Payment Due Date occurring after
the Redemption Date and on or prior to the first anniversary of the Bridge Funding Date
in respect of the Outstanding Principal Balance being redeemed, determined using a discount
rate equal to the Treasury Rate plus 50 basis points, and (y) 100% of (i) the Average
Interest Rate multiplied by (ii) the portion of the Outstanding Principal Balance
being redeemed, minus (z) any accrued and unpaid interest in respect of the Outstanding
Principal Balance being redeemed;

7

(b) if
the Redemption Date occurs during the period commencing on the calendar day immediately
following the first anniversary of the Bridge Funding Date and ending on and including
the second anniversary of the Bridge Funding Date, 100% of (x) the Average Interest Rate
multiplied by (y) the portion of the Outstanding Principal Balance being redeemed;

(c) if
the Redemption Date occurs during the period commencing on the calendar day immediately
following the second anniversary of the Bridge Funding Date and ending on and including
the third anniversary of the Bridge Funding Date, 75% of (x) the Average Interest Rate
multiplied by (y) the portion of the Outstanding Principal Balance being redeemed;

(d) if
the Redemption Date occurs during the period commencing on the calendar day immediately
following the third anniversary of the Bridge Funding Date and ending on and including
the fourth anniversary of the Bridge Funding Date, 25% of (x) the Average Interest Rate
multiplied by (y) the portion of the Outstanding Principal Balance being redeemed;
or

(e) if
the Redemption Date occurs after the fourth anniversary of the Bridge Funding Date, zero.

Notes
shall mean the Amended and Restated Subordinated Secured Bridge Notes issued pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement.

Open
of Business means 9:00 a.m., New York City time.

Original
Principal Amount shall have the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph.

Outstanding
Principal Balance shall have the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph.

Periodic
Term SOFR Determination Day shall have the meaning specified in Section 3(g)(i).

PIK
Interest means accrued interest that is added to the Outstanding Principal Balance pursuant to Section 3.
All interest accrued at the Default Rate shall be PIK Interest.

Qualified
Transferee means any Person (other than a natural person) that (i) is a commercial bank, insurance company, investment
or mutual fund or other entity that is an accredited investor (as defined in Regulation D under the Securities Act),
or (ii) has total assets (in name or under management) in excess of $250,000,000 and (except with respect to a pension advisory
firm, fund manager or its managed funds or similar fiduciary or investment vehicle) total capital/statutory surplus in excess
of $100,000,000, in each case other than any Competitor.

8

Redemption
Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 4(a).

Redemption
Notice shall have the meaning specified in Section 4(a).

Reference
Time with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (i) if the Benchmark is the Three-Month SOFR Rate, 11:00
a.m., New York time, on the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day, and (ii) if the Benchmark is not the Three-Month SOFR Rate,
the time determined by the Required Investors in accordance with the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes.

Register
shall have the meaning specified in Section 10(b).

Registered
Notes shall have the meaning specified in Section 10(b).

Relevant
Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially
endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto.

Replacement
Notes shall have the meaning specified in Section 11(a).

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

SOFR
means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator.

SOFR
Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing
rate).

Surviving
Person means the surviving Person in a merger, consolidation or similar transaction involving the Parent.

Tax
or Taxes means any and all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, charges, withholdings
(including backup withholding) imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable
thereto.

Term
SOFR Adjustment means 0.26161% per annum.

Term
SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term
SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion).

Term
SOFR Reference Rate means the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR.

Three-Month
SOFR Rate shall have the meaning specified in Section 3(g).

Transferee
means the transferee designated by the Holder.

9

Treasury
Rate means, with respect to any Note Redemption Amount calculated pursuant to clause (a) of the definition of such
term, (i) the yield, under the heading which represents the average for the immediately preceding week, appearing in the most
recently published statistical release designated H.15(519) or any successor publication which ispublished
weekly by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and which establishes yields on actively traded United States Treasury
securities adjusted to constant maturity under the caption Treasury Constant Maturities, for the maturity most closely
corresponding to length of time that will elapse between the Redemption Date and the first anniversary of the Bridge Funding Date
or (ii) if such release (or any successor release) is not published during the week preceding the Redemption Date or does not
contain such yields, the rate per annum equal to the annualized yield to maturity of the Comparable Treasury Issue, in either
case as calculated on the third Business Day preceding the Redemption Date.

Unadjusted
Benchmark Replacement means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.

U.S.
Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (a) a Saturday, (b) a
Sunday or (c) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments
of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities.

SECTION
2. PAYMENT OF PRINCIPAL. If this Note has not yet been redeemed or otherwise repaid, the Note Obligations Amount (and
all other outstanding Obligations) as of the Maturity Date shall be due and payable on the Maturity Date.

SECTION
3. PAYMENT OF INTEREST.

(a) During
the term of this Note, interest shall accrue on the Outstanding Principal Balance at the Applicable Rate (or the Default Rate
to the extent provided in Section 3(f)) per annum from, and including, the Issuance Date until, but excluding, the Maturity
Date. TheOther than
in the case of Default Interest, the Note Obligors shall give the Holder notice of the form, rate and amount of each
interest payment (including whether such interest payment shall be paid in cash, as PIK Interest by adding such accrued interest
to the Outstanding Principal Balance or a combination thereof (including detail as to such combination)) no later than the tenth
Business Day prior to each Interest Payment Due Date.

(b) The
accrual of interest on this Note (other than the Default Interest)
as of any date will be calculated based on the Outstanding Principal Balance of this Note as of the Close of Business
on the immediately preceding Interest Payment Due Date (or, if there is no preceding Interest Payment Due Date following the Issuance
Date, on the Issuance Date).

10

(c) Accrued
interest (other than Default Interest) shall be payable
quarterly in arrears on March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31 of each year, commencing on September 30, 2024 (each,
an Interest Payment Due Date). On each Interest Payment Due Date prior to and including MarchDecember
31, 20252026,
such accrued interest shall be payable at the Note Obligors election, in cash, as PIK Interest by adding such accrued interest
to the Outstanding Principal Balance or a combination thereof, as set forth in the definition of Applicable Rate. At
the option of the Note Obligors, the PIK Interest
election may be extended through the December 31, 2025 Interest Payment Due Date. At the option of the Note Obligors, the PIK
Interest election may be further extended through the December 31, 2026 Interest Payment Due Date (the 2026 PIK Option
and each Interest Payment Due Date ending March 31, 2026, June 30, 2026, September 30, 2026 and December 31, 2026 in which the
2026 PIK Option is exercised, a 2026 PIK Interest Payment Due Date). On each Interest Payment
Due Date occurring after the March 31, 2025 Interest Payment Due Date, or, if the PIK Interest
election option is extended by the Holders, after the December 31, 2025 Interest Payment Due Date, or, if the PIK Interest election
option is extended by the Holders, after the December 31, 2026 Interest
Payment Due Date, such accrued interest shall be paid in cash. In the event that the Note Obligors do not elect with respect to
an applicable Interest Payment Due Date whether to pay interest as PIK Interest or in cash or a combination thereof on or before
an Interest Payment Due Date, the Note Obligors shall be deemed to elect to pay such accrued interest due on such Interest Payment
Due Date as PIK Interest (and shall notify the Notes Agent of such and request Notes Agent to update the Register accordingly).
The To the extent
the Three-Month SOFR Rate is
a component of the Applicable
Rate, the Issuance Date and the date on which each Interest Payment Due Date occurs shall be a SOFR Rate
Determination Date. If any Interest Payment Due Date or SOFR Rate Determination Date would otherwise be a day that
is not a Business Day (other than the Interest Payment Due Date that is also the Maturity Date), such Interest Payment Due Date
or SOFR Rate Determination Date will be postponed to the immediately succeeding day that is a Business Day, except that if that
Business Day is in the immediately succeeding calendar month, the Interest Payment Date shall be the immediately preceding Business
Day.

(d) Any
Except as provided in
Section 3(f) below, any accrued interest paid as PIK
Interest will be effective at the Open of Business on such Interest Payment Due Date. Interest shall accrue and shall be computed
on the basis of a 360-day year and the actual number of days elapsed in such period.

(e) On
each Interest Payment Due Date, the Note Obligors shall notify Notes Agent of any accrued PIK Interest and request Notes Agent
make a record on the Register of the Outstanding Principal Balance of this Note due to any accrued PIK Interest, each Note shall
represent the increased Outstanding Principal Balance, and no separate Note will be issued with respect to such accrued PIK Interest.

(f) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, following the occurrence and during the continuance
of any Event of Default, the Note Obligors shall pay interest (Default Interest) at a rate equal
to the interest rate otherwise applicable plus 2.00% (the Default Rate) on (i) the Outstanding Principal
Balance, and (ii) to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the amount of any interest, fee or other amount payable hereunder
that is not paid when due, from the date such amount shall be due until such amount shall be paid in full,.
Default Interest shall be payable in arrears on the date
such amount shall be paid in full and on demand.daily
based on the Outstanding
Principal Balance of this Note and (to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law) the amount of any unpaid interest, fees
and other amounts as of the Close of Business on the immediately preceding calendar day. Such
accrued Default Interest shall be paid as
PIK
Interest by
adding such accrued Default Interest to the Outstanding Principal Balance.

11

(g) SOFR
Matters.TheTo
the extent the Three-Month SOFR Rate is a component
of the Applicable Rate, the Three-Month SOFR Rate shall
be calculated as of each SOFR Rate Determination Date and apply from such date until the succeeding SOFR Rate Determination Date.
For each such Interest Period beginning on a SOFR Rate Determination Date, Three-Month SOFR Rate means the
rate determined in accordance with the following provisions:

(i) the
Calculation Agent will determine the Three-Month SOFR Rate, which will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a three month tenor
on the day (such day, the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day) that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities
Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator;
provided, however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference
Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect
to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Three-Month SOFR Rate will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a three
month tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which
such Term SOFR Reference Rate for a three month tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding
U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Periodic
Term SOFR Determination Day.

(ii) If
the Three-Month SOFR Rate cannot be determined as described above on the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day, the rate for the
Interest Period following the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day will be the rate in effect on the immediately prior Periodic
Term SOFR Determination Day.

Notwithstanding
clause (i) and clause (ii) above, if the Required Investors (in consultation with the Note Obligors) determine on or prior to
the relevant Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date
(each, as defined herein) have occurred with respect to Three-Month SOFR Rate (or the then-current Benchmark, as applicable),
then the provisions set forth below under Effect of Benchmark Transition Event, which are referred to as the benchmark
transition provisions, will thereafter apply to all determinations of the rate of interest payable on the Notes. In accordance
with the benchmark transition provisions, after a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred,
the amount of interest that will be payable for each Interest Period will be an annual rate equal to the sum of (1) the greater
of (x) the Benchmark Replacement (as defined herein) and (y) 1.00% and (2) 7.00%. In the event that SOFR or applicable Benchmark
is not available on any determination date, then unless the Calculation Agent is notified in writing by the Note Obligors and
the Required Investors of a Benchmark Replacement in accordance with the terms of this Note within three (3) U.S. Government Securities
Business Days the Calculation Agent shall use the interest rate in effect for the immediately prior Interest Period.

12

All
percentages resulting from any calculation of any interest rate for this Note will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with five one-millionths of a percentage point rounded upwards (e.g., 3.456789% (or
.03456789) being rounded to 3.45679% (or .0345679)) and all dollar amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be
rounded to the nearest cent (with one-half cent being rounded upwards). Any percentage resulting from any calculation of any interest
rate for this Note less than 0.00% will be deemed to be 0.00% (or .0000).

Absent
willful misconduct, bad faith or manifest error, the calculation of the applicable interest rate for each Interest Period by the
Calculation Agent will be final and binding on the Note Obligors and the Holders.

The
Calculation Agent shall not have any liability for any delay, error or inaccuracy in the publication of any interest rate published
by any publication that is the source for determining the interest rates of the Notes, or for any rates published on any publicly
available source, including without limitation the Federal Reserve Bank of New Yorks Website or the Term SOFR Administrators
website, or in any of the foregoing cases for any subsequent correction or adjustment thereto.

Any
determination, decision or election that may be made by the Required Investors (in consultation with the Note Obligors) in connection
with a Benchmark Transition Event or a Benchmark Replacement, including any determination with respect to a rate or adjustment
or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action
or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in the Required Investors sole discretion,
and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Transaction Documents, will become effective without consent from any other
party, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 3(g).

(h) Effect
of Benchmark Transition Event.

(i) Benchmark
Replacement. If the Required Investors determine that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date
have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any determination of the Benchmark on any date, the Benchmark Replacement
will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of such determination on such date and
all determinations on all subsequent dates.

13

(ii) Benchmark
Replacement Conforming Changes. In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Required Investors will
have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time.

(iii) Decisions
and Determinations. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Required Investors pursuant to the benchmark
replacement provisions described in this Section 3(h), including any determination with respect to tenor, rate or adjustment
or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action
or any selection:

(1) will
be conclusive and binding absent manifest error;

(2) if
made by the Required Investors, will be made in its sole discretion; and

(3) shall
become effective without consent from any other party.

SECTION
4. REDEMPTION.

(a) Redemption
at the Option of the Note Obligors. The Note Obligors shall have the right to redeem the Note, in whole or in part, for an
amount in cash equal to the Note Redemption Amount in respect of all or a portion of the Outstanding Principal Balance, as the
case may be, on or about the date specified (the Redemption Date) in a written notice to Holder (the Redemption
Notice) that shall be delivered not less than ten (10) Business Days prior to the proposed Redemption Date, provided
that any such redemption shall be made pro rata with respect to all Notes then outstanding and such Redemption Notice may be made
contingent upon the consummation or completion of another transaction.

(b) Offer
to Redeem upon a Change of Control. If a Change of Control shall occur, the Note Obligors shall, not later than three (3)
Business Days after the occurrence of such Change of Control, give written notice to the Holder and offer to redeem this Note
for an amount in cash equal to the Note Redemption Amount in respect of the Outstanding Principal Balance; provided that the Note
Redemption Amount payable upon a redemption resulting from a Change of Control shall be equal to at least 101% of the Outstanding
Principal Balance redeemed. Holder may accept such redemption offer by written notice to the Note Obligors not later than five
(5) Business Days after delivery of such notice and the Note Obligors shall make payment on the redemption within three (3) Business
Days of its receipt of such notice of acceptance.

14

(c) Offer
to Redeem upon Certain Asset Sales. When the amount of aggregate Available Excess Proceeds from all Dispositions in any fiscal
year exceeds $5,000,000, the Note Obligors shall give prompt written notice to the Holder (the Asset Sale Notice),
which notice shall include a calculation of the Holders Asset Sale Pro Rata Portion and an offer to redeem a portion of
this Note (the Asset Redemption Offer) equal to the Holders Asset Sale Pro Rata Portion by making
a cash payment in the amount of the applicable Asset Sale Pro Rata Portion plus accrued and unpaid interest on such amount at
the Applicable Rate. Holder may accept such redemption offer by written notice to the Note Obligors not later than five (5) Business
Days after delivery of the Asset Sale Notice and the Note Obligors shall make payment on the redemption within three (3) Business
Days of its receipt of such notice of acceptance. The Note Obligors may use any remaining portion of such Available Excess Proceeds
that is not applied to purchase Notes because an Asset Redemption Offer is not accepted for general corporate purposes, the repayment
of Indebtedness or as otherwise required pursuant to its other contractual requirements. Upon completion of such Asset Redemption
Offer, the amount of Available Excess Proceeds shall be reset at zero.

(d) Mechanics
of Redemption and Repayment of this Note. The following procedures shall apply to redemptions and other repayments of the
amounts due and payable under this Note (other than in connection with any acceleration thereof):

(i) In
connection with any redemption or repayment of this Note in full, the Holder shall surrender this Note to the Note Obligors (or
in the case of the loss, theft or destruction of this Note, provide an indemnification undertaking with respect to this Note that
is reasonably satisfactory to the Note Obligors) no later than the Business Day immediately preceding the Redemption Date or Maturity
Date; provided that failure to timely surrender this Note shall not release the Note Obligors of its obligations hereunder.
In connection with any redemption or repayment on this Note in part, the Holder shall not surrender this Note to the Note Obligors
and the Outstanding Principal Balance of this Note shall be adjusted on the Note Obligors records to reflect such partial
redemption or repayment.

(ii) On
the Redemption Date or Maturity Date, the Note Obligors shall pay any amount due and payable under the terms of this Note in cash
as of such Redemption Date or the Maturity Date, and provide notice of such payment to the Notes Agent.

SECTION
5. EVENTS OF DEFAULT. Each of the following shall be an Event of Default with respect to this Note:

(a) The
Note Obligors fail to pay any portion of the Note Obligations Amount when due, whether on the Maturity Date, upon redemption,
acceleration, or otherwise.

15

(b) The
Note Obligors (i) elects to pay interest in cash or partially in cash and fails to pay such interest for five (5) Business Days
after the interest becomes due or (ii) fails to pay any other amounts not constituting principal or accrued interest hereunder
or under the Note Purchase Agreement or any other Transaction Document for a period of five (5) Business Days after such amounts
are due.

(c) [Reserved].

(d) Any
representation or warranty made by the Note Obligors in the Note Purchase Agreement or this Note or any amendment or modification
hereof or thereof or waiver hereunder or thereunder, or in any report, certificate furnished pursuant to or in connection with
this Note or the Note Purchase Agreement or any amendment or modification hereof or thereof or waiver hereunder or thereunder,
shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made or deemed made (other than to the extent qualified by materiality
or Material Adverse Effect, in which case, such representation or warranty shall prove to have been incorrect in
any respect).

(e) The
Note Obligors fail to comply with their obligations under Section 8 of the Note Purchase Agreement.

(f) The
Note Obligors fail to comply with their obligations under this Note, the Note Purchase Agreement or any other Transaction Document
(other than as otherwise expressly provided in Section 5(a), Section 5(b), Section 5(d), or Section 5(e)) for thirty
(30) calendar days after the earlier of (i) receipt by the Note Obligors of written notice of the failure to so comply from the
Collateral Agent or the Required Investors or (ii) actual knowledge of such failure by a Responsible Officer of the Note Obligors.

(g) The
Note Obligors or any of their Subsidiaries shall fail to perform or comply with any term, covenant, condition or agreement contained
in any agreement(s) or instrument(s) governing any Indebtedness for borrowed money in an amount in excess of $275,000 and the
holder or holder of such Indebtedness shall have accelerated the maturity thereof.

(h) (i)
One or more judgments for the payment of money in excess of $275,000 in the aggregate, to the extent not adequately covered by
insurance as to which a solvent and unaffiliated insurance company has acknowledged coverage, shall be rendered against the Note
Obligors, any of its Subsidiaries or any combination thereof (to the extent not paid or covered by a reputable and solvent independent
third-party insurance company which has not disputed coverage) and the same shall remain undischarged for a period of thirty (30)
consecutive calendar days during which execution shall not be effectively stayed (or an action of similar effect in any jurisdiction
outside the U.S.), or any action shall be legally taken by a judgment creditor to attach or levy upon any assets of the Note Obligors
or any of its Subsidiaries to enforce any such judgment and such action shall not be stayed (or an action of similar effect in
any jurisdiction outside the U.S.) or (ii) any nonmonetary judgment, writ or warrant of attachment or similar process shall be
entered or filed against Note Obligors or any Subsidiary or any combination thereof or any of their respective assets and shall
remain undischarged, unvacated, unbonded or unstayed (or an action of similar effect in any jurisdiction outside the U.S.) for
a period of ninety (90) consecutive calendar days and such non-monetary judgment, writ, warrant of attachment or similar process
would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

16

(i) (i)
Any material provision of the Transaction Documents, at any time after its execution and delivery and for any reason other than
(x) as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder, (y) as a result of acts or omissions by the Collateral Agent or any Investor,
or (z) the satisfaction in full of all the Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations not then due), ceases
to be in full force and effect, (ii) any Issuer Party or other Subsidiary of the Note Obligors contests in writing the validity
or enforceability of any provision of any Transaction Document or the validity or priority of a Lien as required by the Collateral
Documents on the Collateral, (iii) the Collateral Agent shall not have or shall cease to have a valid and perfected Lien in any
material portion of the Collateral purported to be covered by the Collateral Documents with the priority required by the relevant
Collateral Document or (iv) any Issuer Party or other Subsidiary of the Note Obligors denies in writing that it has any or further
liability or obligation under any Transaction Document (other than (x) as a result of repayment in full of the Obligations
or (y) in accordance with its terms), or purports in writing to revoke or rescind any Transaction Document (other than in accordance
with its terms).

(j) The
Note Obligors or any Guarantor, pursuant to or within the meaning of any Debtor Relief Law:

(i) commences
proceedings to be adjudicated bankrupt or insolvent;

(ii) consents
to the institution of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings against it, or the filing by it of a petition or answer or consent
seeking an arrangement of debt, reorganization, dissolution, winding up or relief under applicable Debtor Relief Laws;

(iii) consents
to the appointment of a receiver, interim receiver, receiver and manager, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or other
similar official of it or for all or substantially all of its property; or

(iv) makes
a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors.

(k) A
court of competent jurisdiction enters an order or decree under any Debtor Relief Law (which order or decree remains unstayed
and in effect for sixty (60) consecutive calendar days) that:

(i) is
for relief against the Note Obligors or any Guarantor in a proceeding in which the Note Obligors or any Guarantor is to be adjudicated
bankrupt or insolvent;

17

(ii) appoints
a receiver, interim receiver, receiver and manager, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or other similar official of the
Note Obligors or any Guarantor, or for all or substantially all of the property of the Note Obligors or any Guarantor; or

(iii) orders
the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Note Obligors or any Guarantor.

SECTION
6. REMEDIES. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default that has not been timely cured as provided herein:

(a) Acceleration
of Note. In the case of an Event of Default of the type specified in Section 5(j) or Section 5(k), the Note Redemption Amount will become immediately due and payable, without any further notice and without any presentment,
demand, or protest of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Note Obligors. If any other Event of Default occurs
and is continuing, the Required Investors may (i) declare the outstanding Note Redemption Amount, to be immediately due and payable
(with notice thereof to Collateral Agent), whereupon the same will become forthwith due and payable, and (ii) cause the
Collateral Agent to enforce any and all Liens and security interests created pursuant to the Collateral Documents.

(b) Waiver
of Default. The Required Investors may (upon execution of a written instrument) rescind any acceleration or waive any existing
Event of Default, together with any of the consequences of such Event of Default; provided that an Event of Default of the type
specified in Section 5(j) or Section 5(k) may only be waived and any acceleration with respect thereto
only rescinded in respect of this Note by the Holder. In such event, the Holder and the Note Obligors will be restored to their
respective former positions, rights and obligations hereunder.

(c) Cumulative
Remedies. No failure on the part of the Holder or the Required Investors to exercise and no delay in exercising any right
hereunder will operate as a waiver thereof, nor will any single or partial exercise by the Holder or Required Investors of any
right hereunder preclude any other or further right of exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right. The remedies herein
provided are cumulative and not alternative.

SECTION
7. Reserved.

SECTION
8. VOTING RIGHTS. The Holder shall have no voting rights as the holder of this Note, except as required by New York
Law or as expressly provided in this Note and the Note Purchase Agreement.

SECTION
9. AMENDMENTS. This Note, and any of the terms and provisions hereof, may be amended from time to time as set forth
in the Note Purchase Agreement.

18

SECTION
10. TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS AND RELATED PROVISIONS.

(a) This
Note may not be directly or indirectly offered, sold, assigned or transferred by the Holder without the prior written consent
of the Note Obligors except to a Qualified Transferee. For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 10 shall not restrict the
ability of any direct or indirect parent of the Holder to pledge, mortgage, charge or otherwise dispose of or encumber its assets.
In connection with any assignment or direct transfer of this Note (in whole or in part), the transferor and transferee shall enter
into an Assignment and Assumption Agreement in the form of Exhibit II hereto and provide a copy thereof to Notes
Agent. Any offer, sale, assignment or other transfer of this Note is also subject to the restrictive legends of this Note.

(b) The
Notes Agent shall maintain and keep updated a register (the Register) for the recordation of the names and
addresses of the Holders of this Note and each Replacement Note and the Outstanding Principal Balance of this Note (and accrued
interest) and any Replacement Note (the Registered Notes). The initial address for the Holder of this Note
shall be the address set forth on the Holders signature page hereto and may be updated, from time to time, by written notice
to the Note Obligors and Notes Agent. The entries in the Register shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes absent manifest
error. The Note Obligors, the Collateral Agent and the Holder of this Note or any Replacement Note shall treat each Person
whose name is recorded in the Register as the owner of this Note or the applicable Replacement Note for all purposes, including,
without limitation, the right to receive payments hereunder, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. Upon the written request
of the Holder, the Notes Agent shall provide a copy of the Register to the Holder and backup calculations for the values relating
to this Note in the Register. A Registered Note may be assigned or sold in whole or in part, to the extent permitted pursuant
to Section 10(a) and any other terms hereof, only by registration of such assignment or sale on the Register. Upon
the Notes Agents receipt of a permitted request to assign or sell all or part of any Registered Note by the Holder of the
applicable Registered Note, an Assignment and Assumption Agreement, a Joinder Agreement (as defined in the Collateral Agency Agreement),
any tax forms required by Section 16 and any KYC information required by the Note Purchase Agreement, a processing and recordation
fee of $3,500 to Notes Agent, and the physical surrender of such applicable Registered Note to the Note Obligors, the Notes Agent
shall record the information contained therein in the Register and the Note Obligors shall issue one or more new Registered Notes,
the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of which is the same as the entire Outstanding Principal Balance of the surrendered
Registered Note, to the Transferee pursuant to Section 11. The provisions of this Section 10(b) are
intended to cause the Note to be in registered form as defined in Treasury Regulations Sections 5f.103-1(c) and
1.871-14(c), or Proposed Section 1.163-5(b) (and any successor sections) and shall be interpreted and applied consistently therewith.

19

SECTION
11. REISSUANCE OF THE NOTE.

(a) Transfer.
If this Note is permitted to be transferred, in whole or in part, the Holder shall surrender this Note to the Note Obligors, whereupon
the Note Obligors will issue and deliver a Replacement Note to the Transferee (in accordance with Section 11(d)), representing the Outstanding Principal Balance of this Note being transferred by the Holder and, if less than the entire Outstanding
Principal Balance of this Note held by the Holder is being transferred, a new note (in accordance with Section 11(d)) to the Holder, representing the portion of the Outstanding Principal Balance not being transferred (each, a Replacement
Note and collectively, the Replacement Notes). The Holder and the Transferee, by acceptance of
this Note, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of Section 11(d), following redemption
of any portion of this Note, the Outstanding Principal Balance represented by this Note may be less than the Outstanding Principal
Balance stated on the face of this Note.

(b) Note
Exchangeable for Different Denominations. This Note is exchangeable, upon the surrender hereof by the Holder at the principal
office of the Note Obligors, for Replacement Notes representing in the aggregate the Outstanding Principal Balance of this Note
in accordance with Section 11(d). Each such Replacement Note will represent such portion of such Outstanding Principal
Balance as is designated by the Holder at the time of such surrender. The Original Principal Amount shall be allocated
pro rata between such Replacement Notes based on the Outstanding Principal Balance designated for each.

(c) Lost,
Stolen, Destroyed or Mutilated Note. Upon receipt by the Note Obligors of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Note Obligors
of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Note and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of any indemnification
undertaking by the Holder to the Note Obligors in customary form and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation
of this Note, the Note Obligors shall execute and deliver to the Holder a Replacement Note (in accordance with Section 11(d)),
representing the Outstanding Principal Balance.

(d) Issuance
of Replacement Notes. Whenever the Note Obligors are required to issue a Replacement Note pursuant to the terms of this Note,
such Replacement Note (i) shall be of like tenor with this Note, (ii) shall represent, as indicated on the face of such Replacement
Note, the remaining Outstanding Principal Balance (or, in the case of a Replacement Note being issued pursuant to Section
11(a) or Section 11(c), the Outstanding Principal Balance designated by the Holder which, when added
to the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance represented by the other Replacement Notes issued in connection with such issuance,
does not exceed the remaining Outstanding Principal Balance under this Note immediately prior to such issuance of Replacement
Notes), (iii) shall be deemed to have an Original Principal Amount calculated in accordance with Section 11(b),
(iv) shall have an issuance date, as indicated on the face of such Replacement Note, which is the same as the Issuance Date
of this Note, (v) shall be deemed to have accrued its proportional share of the interest under this Note from the immediately
preceding Interest Payment Due Date, (vi)shall have the same rights and conditions as this Note, and (vii) shall be timely prepared
and issued by the Note Obligors. The Note Obligors shall provide Notes Agent with notice of any issuance of Replacement Notes
and the details in respect thereof to permit the Notes Agent to revise the Register.

20

SECTION
12. DISPUTES REGARDING ARITHMETIC CALCULATIONS. If the Holder disagrees with any arithmetic calculations performed by
the Note Obligors pursuant to this Note, the Holder shall submit to the Note Obligors its calculations thereof. If the Holder
and the Note Obligors are unable to agree upon such calculation within five (5) Business Days of the submission by the Holder,
then the Note Obligors shall, within five (5) Business Days thereafter submit the disputed arithmetic calculation to the Note
Obligors independent, outside accountant, or if such accountant is unwilling or prohibited, an accountant reasonably satisfactory
to the parties (which is ranked in the top twenty (20) accounting firms nationally, by revenue). The Note Obligors shall cause
such accountant to perform the calculation and notify the Note Obligors and the Holder of the results no later than ten (10) Business
Days from the time it receives the disputed calculation. The Holder shall pay the costs and expenses of such accountant unless
the calculation of such accountant is mathematically closer to the Holders calculation than the calculation submitted by
the Note Obligors, in which case, the costs and expenses of such accountant shall be paid by the Note Obligors. Such calculation
shall be binding upon all parties absent manifest error.

SECTION
13. NOTICES AND PAYMENTS.

(a) Notices.
All notices, requests, demands, consents, instructions or other communications required or permitted hereunder shall in writing
and mailed or delivered personally, by overnight courier, by electronic mail or other or other electronic transmission to each
party as follows: (i) if to the Holder, at the Holders address set forth in the Register, or (ii) if to the Note Obligors,
at the address set forth on the Note Obligors signature page hereto, or at such other address as the Note Obligors shall
have furnished to the Holder in writing. All such notices and communications will be deemed effectively given the earlier of (i)
when received, (ii) when delivered personally, (iii) one Business Day after being deposited with an overnight courier service
of recognized standing or (iv) four days after being deposited in the U.S. mail, first class with postage prepaid.

(b) Payments.
Whenever any payment of cash is to be made by the Note Obligors to any Person pursuant to this Note, such payment shall be made
in cash via wire transfer of immediately available funds. The Holders wire transfer instructions are attached hereto as
Exhibit I. In the event of a change of Holders wire transfer instructions, Holder shall provide the Note
Obligors and Collateral Agent with five (5) Business Days prior written notice of such change and any amounts paid by the
Note Obligors to the account listed on Exhibit I hereto prior to such notice shall be deemed paid to the Holder.
Whenever any amount expressed to be due by the terms of this Note is due on any day which is not a Business Day, the same shall
instead be due on the next succeeding day which is a Business Day; provided, however, that in the case of any Interest Payment
Due Date on which the Note Obligors is paying PIK Interest and that is not the date on which this Note is paid in full, the extension
of the due date thereof shall not be taken into account for purposes of determining the amount of interest due on such date.

21

SECTION
14. WAIVER OF NOTICE. To the extent permitted by Law, unless otherwise provided herein, the Note Obligors hereby waives
demand, notice, protest and all other demands and notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default or
enforcement of this Note.

SECTION
15. GOVERNING LAW, WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL, JURISDICTION, AND SEVERABILITY.

(a) This
Note and all actions arising out of or in connection with this Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the
laws of the State of New York, without regard to the conflicts of law provisions of the State of New York or of any other state
that would result in the application of the laws of a state other than the State of New York.

(b) By
acceptance of this Note, each of the Note Obligors and the Holder hereby agrees to waive their respective rights to a jury trial
of any claim or cause of action based upon or arising out of this Note or any of the Transaction Documents.

(c) To
the extent permitted by law, each of the Holder and the Note Obligors hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state
and federal courts sitting in the Borough of Manhattan in New York City for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection
herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit,
action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action
or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. Nothing contained
herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by Law.

(d) In
the event that any provision of this Note is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable Law, then such provision shall be deemed
inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such Law. Any such provision
which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any Law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision
of this Note.

SECTION
16. TAX MATTERS.

(a) All
amounts payable or deliverable in respect of this Note, whether in respect of principal, interest (including accrued interest)
or otherwise, will be made free and clear of and without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future Taxes
unless the withholding or deduction of such Taxes is required by Law.

22

(b) Notwithstanding
anything in Section 16(a) to the contrary, all such amounts paid or delivered by or on behalf of the Note Obligors
to (A) any Person who is a United States person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code who has timely provided,
on behalf of itself, a properly completed and valid Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 and (B) any Person other than a United States
person who has timely provided, on behalf of itself and/or its beneficial owners, as applicable, a properly completed and valid
Internal Revenue Service Form W- 8BEN, Form W-8BEN-E or other applicable Internal Revenue Service Form W-8 and such other information
(such as that it and/or its beneficial owner is not a 10% shareholder of the Parent, a controlled foreign corporation to which
the Note Obligors are related, or a bank extending credit to the Note Obligors in the ordinary course of its trade or business)
establishing an exemption from U.S. federal withholding tax, shall be free and clear of and without any deduction or withholding
for or on account of, any U.S. federal income tax, other than any U.S. federal income tax imposed under FATCA, unless the withholding
or deduction of such U.S. federal income tax is required as a result of a change in Law after the date hereof; provided that,
for the avoidance of doubt, any forms or other information provided by a transferor or predecessor with respect to a Person shall
not satisfy the requirements of this sentence with respect to such Person.

(c) The
Note Obligors will furnish to the Holder, within a reasonable time after the date the payment of any taxes withheld or deducted
is made, certified copies of tax receipts evidencing payment by the Note Obligors, or other evidence of payments (reasonably
satisfactory to the Holder).

(d) The
Note Obligors will pay and indemnify the Holder for any present or future stamp, issue, registration, court or documentary Taxes,
or any other excise or property Taxes levied on or in connection with the execution, delivery, issuance, registration or enforcement
of this Note or the receipt of any payments with respect thereto.

SECTION
17. INTERPRETATION. In this Note, unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, all words and personal
pronouns relating thereto shall be read and construed as the number and gender of the party or parties required and the verb shall
be read and construed as agreeing with the required word and pronoun; the division of this Note into Sections and Exhibits and
the use of headings and captions is for convenience of reference only and shall not modify or affect the interpretation or construction
of this Note or any of its provisions; the words herein, hereof, hereunder, hereinafter
and hereto and words of similar import refer to this Note as a whole and not to any particular Section or Exhibit
hereof; the words include, including, and derivations thereof shall be deemed to have the phrase without
limitation attached thereto unless otherwise expressly stated; references to a specified Exhibit or Section shall be construed
as a reference to that specified Exhibit or Section of this Note; and all references to $ or dollars
shall be deemed references to United States dollars.

(Signature
Page Follows)

23

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Note Obligors have caused this Note to be duly executed as of the Issuance Date set out above.

SONDER
HOLDINGS INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

SONDER
HOLDINGS LLC

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

SONDER
USA INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

SONDER
HOSPITALITY USA INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature Page to Amended and Restated Subordinated Secured Bridge Note]

ACKNOWLEDGED
AND ACCEPTED:

[HOLDER]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Address:

[Holder]

[Address]

[Address]

Attention:

Telephone:

Email:

[Signature Page to Amended and Restated Subordinated Secured Bridge Note]

Exhibit
I

Holder
Wire Instructions

Exhibit
II

Form
of Assignment and Assumption Agreement

[Sonder
Subordinated Secured Notes]

[FORM OF]

ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT

This
Assignment and Assumption Agreement (the Assignment and Assumption) is dated as of the Effective Date set
forth below and is entered into by and between [NAME OF ASSIGNOR] (the Assignor) and [NAME OF ASSIGNEE] (the
Assignee). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Note
Purchase Agreement identified below (the Note Purchase Agreement), receipt of a copy of which is hereby acknowledged
by the Assignee. The Standard Terms and Conditions set forth in Annex I attached hereto (the Standard Terms and
Conditions) are hereby agreed to and incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this Assignment and Assumption
as if set forth herein in full.

For
an agreed consideration, the Assignor hereby irrevocably sells and assigns to the Assignee, and the Assignee hereby irrevocably
purchases and assumes from the Assignor, subject to and in accordance with the Standard Terms and Conditions and the Note Purchase
Agreement, as of the Effective Date inserted by the Notes Agent as contemplated below (i) all of the Assignors rights and
obligations in its capacity as an Investor under the Note Purchase Agreement and any other documents or instruments delivered
pursuant thereto to the extent related to the amount identified below of all of such outstanding rights and obligations of the
Assignor under the Note Purchase Agreement and (ii) to the extent permitted to be assigned under applicable law, all claims, suits,
causes of action and any other right of the Assignor (in its capacity as an Investor) against any Person, whether known or unknown,
arising under or in connection with the Note Purchase Agreement, any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto
or the transactions governed thereby or in any way based on or related to any of the foregoing, including contract claims, tort
claims, malpractice claims, statutory claims and all other claims at law or in equity related to the rights and obligations sold
and assigned pursuant to clause (i) above (the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) above
being referred to herein collectively as the Assigned Interest). Such sale and assignment is without recourse
to the Assignor and, except as expressly provided in this Assignment and Assumption, without representation or warranty by the
Assignor.

[The
Assignee represents and warrants that it is not a Competitor (as defined in the Note identified below) and (i) is a commercial
bank, insurance company, investment or mutual fund or other entity that is an accredited investor (as defined in
Regulation D under the Securities Act), or (ii) has total assets (in name or under management) in excess of $250,000,000
and (except with respect to a pension advisory firm, fund manager or its managed funds or similar fiduciary or investment vehicle)
total capital/statutory surplus in excess of $100,000,000.]

4

1. Assignor: 

2. Assignee: 

4
Include if the Assignee meets these requirements of a Qualified Transferee as defined in the Note, in which case consent
by the Note Obligors Representative is not required for assignment.

3. Note
Obligors: 

4. Notes
Agent: Alter
Domus (US) LLC

5. Note
Purchase Agreement: Note
and Warrant Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 10, 2021 (as amended by that certain Omnibus Amendment, dated as of December
21, 2022, that certain Second Omnibus Amendment, dated as of November 6, 2023, that certain Waiver Forbearance and Third Amendment,
dated as of June 10, 2024, that certain Fourth Amendment, dated as of July 12, 2024, that certain Waiver, Consent and Fifth
Amendment, dated as of August 13, 2024 and,
that certain Waiver, Consent and Sixth Amendment, dated as of April 11, 2025, and as may be further amended, restated,
amended and restated, supplemented, extended and/or otherwise modified from time to time, the Note Purchase Agreement),
among Sonder Holdings Inc., Sonder USA Inc., Sonder Hospitality USA Inc., Sonder Holdings LLC, the other Note Obligors from
time to time party thereto, the Guarantors from time to time party thereto, and the Persons identified as Investors therein.

6. Assigned
Interest: 

Assigned
Note 

Outstanding
Principal Balance

Note
No. N-[ ] $

Effective
Date: , 20__ [TO BE INSERTED BY NOTES AGENT AND WHICH SHALL BE THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF RECORDATION OF TRANSFER IN THE REGISTER THEREFOR.]

The
Assignee agrees to deliver to the Notes Agent and the Note Obligor Representative a completed questionnaire in which the Assignee
(i) designates one or more credit contacts to whom all information to which Investors are entitled pursuant to the Note Purchase
Agreement (which may contain material non-public information about the Issuer Parties or their respective securities) will be
made available and who may receive such information in accordance with the Assignees compliance procedures and applicable
laws, including Federal and state securities laws, and (ii) provides wire instructions for an account into which all payments
under the Note shall be made.

The
terms set forth in this Assignment and Assumption are hereby agreed to:

ASSIGNOR

[NAME
OF ASSIGNOR],

By: 

Name:

Title:

ASSIGNEE

[NAME
OF ASSIGNEE],

By: 

Name:

Title:

Consented
to and Accepted:

ALTER
DOMUS (US) LLC, as Notes Agent

By: 

Name:

Title:

Consented
to:5

Note
Obligors Representative,

SONDER
HOLDINGS INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

5
Remove consent if transfer is to a Qualified Transferee as defined in the Note and the text bracketed and footnoted 1 on
the first page of this Assignment and Assumption Agreement is being included.

Annex
I

Exhibit II

Sonder
Note Purchase Agreement

Standard
Terms and Conditions for

Assignment and Assumption

1. Representations
and Warranties.

1.1 Assignor.
The Assignor (a) represents and warrants that (i) it is the legal and beneficial owner of the Assigned Interest, (ii) the Assigned
Interest is free and clear of any lien, encumbrance or other adverse claim, and (iii) it has full power and authority, and has
taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated
hereby; and (b) assumes no responsibility with respect to (i) any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection
with the Note Purchase Agreement or any other Transaction Document, (ii) the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness,
sufficiency or value of the Transaction Documents or any collateral thereunder, (iii) the financial condition of the Note Obligors,
any of their Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person obligated in respect of any Transaction Document, (iv) any requirements
under applicable law for the Assignee to become an Investor under the Note Purchase Agreement or to charge interest at the rate
set forth therein from time to time, or (v) the performance or observance by the Note Obligors, any of their Subsidiaries or Affiliates
or any other Person of any of their respective obligations under any Transaction Document.

1.2 Assignee.
The Assignee (a) represents and warrants that (i) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute
and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to become an Investor under
the Note Purchase Agreement and under applicable law, (ii) it satisfies the requirements, if any, specified in the Note Purchase
Agreement that are required to be satisfied by it in order to acquire the Assigned Interest and become an Investor, (iii) from
and after the Effective Date, it shall be bound by the provisions of the Note Purchase Agreement as an Investor thereunder and,
to the extent of the Assigned Interest, shall have the obligations of an Investor thereunder, (iv) it is sophisticated with respect
to decisions to acquire assets of the type represented by the Assigned Interest and either it, or the Person exercising discretion
in making its decision to acquire the Assigned Interest, is experienced in acquiring assets of such type, (v) it has received
and/or had the opportunity to review a copy of the Note Purchase Agreement to the extent it has in its sole discretion deemed
necessary, together with copies of the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 7(a)(i) and (ii) thereof (or, prior to the first such delivery, the financial statements referred to in Section 2(e)(i) and (ii) thereof), as applicable, and such other documents and information as it has in its sole discretion deemed appropriate to make
its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and Assumption and to purchase the Assigned Interest on the
basis of which it has made such analysis and decision independently and without reliance on the Notes Agent, the Collateral Agent,
the Assignor or any other Investor or any of their respective Related Parties and (vi) attached to this Assignment and Assumption
is any documentation required to be delivered by it pursuant to the terms of the Note Purchase Agreement, duly completed and executed
by the Assignee (including, if applicable, a completed administrative questionnaire, tax forms, know your customer
documentation and an executed Joinder Agreement (as defined in the Collateral Agency Agreement)); (b) agrees that
it will, independently and without reliance on the Notes Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Assignor or any other Investor, and
based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in
taking or not taking action under the Transaction Documents; (c) appoints and authorizes the Notes Agent and the Collateral Agent
to take such action as agents on its behalf and to exercise such powers under the Note Purchase Agreement and the other Transaction
Documents as are delegated to or otherwise conferred upon the Notes Agent and the Collateral Agent, respectively, by the terms
thereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto; and (d) agrees that it will perform in accordance with
their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Transaction Documents are required to be performed by it as an Investor.

2. Payments.
From and after the Effective Date, the Note Obligors shall make all payments in respect of the Assigned Interest (including payments
of principal, interest, fees and other amounts) to the Assignee whether such amounts have accrued prior to or on or after the
Effective Date. The Assignor and the Assignee shall make all appropriate adjustments in payments by the Note Obligors for periods
prior to the Effective Date or with respect to the making of this assignment directly between themselves.

3. Effect
of Assignment. Upon the delivery of a fully executed original hereof to the Notes Agent, as of the Effective Date, (i) the
Assignee shall be a party to the Note Purchase Agreement and, to the extent of the Assigned Interest and as provided in this Assignment
and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of an Investor thereunder and under the other Transaction Documents and (ii) the
Assignor shall, to the extent as provided in this Assignment and Assumption, relinquish its rights and be released from its obligations
under the Note Purchase Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to the extent of the Assigned Interest.

4. General
Provisions. This Assignment and Assumption shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their
respective successors and assigns. This Assignment and Assumption may be executed in any number of counterparts, which together
shall constitute one instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Assignment and Assumption by
telecopy or other means of electronic imaging shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Assignment
and Assumption. THIS ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF
NEW YORK.

ANNEX
D

[Attached]

THIS
NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED OR QUALIFIED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, (THE ACT) OR THE SECURITIES
LAWS OF ANY JURISDICTION AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, ASSIGNED, ENCUMBERED, HYPOTHECATED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED
OF EXCEPT (I) PURSUANT TO A REGISTRATION STATEMENT WITH RESPECT TO SUCH SECURITIES THAT IS EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT
OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAW, OR (II) IN A TRANSACTION THAT DOES NOT REQUIRE REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR APPLICABLE
STATE SECURITIES LAW, INCLUDING PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A OR TO PERSONS OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES PURSUANT TO REGULATION
S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, PROVIDED THAT, EXCEPT IN THE CASE OF ANY TRANSACTION EXEMPT FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF
THE SECURITIES ACT PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A OR TO PERSONS OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES PURSUANT TO REGULATION S UNDER
THE SECURITIES ACT, AN OPINION OF COUNSEL SHALL BE FURNISHED TO THE NOTE OBLIGORS (IF REQUESTED BY THE NOTE OBLIGORS), IN FORM
AND SUBSTANCE REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE NOTE OBLIGORS, TO THE EFFECT THAT SUCH TRANSACTION DOES NOT REQUIRE REGISTRATION
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND/OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAW.

THE
FOLLOWING INFORMATION IS PROVIDED PURSUANT TO TREAS. REG. SECTION 1.1275-3: THIS DEBT INSTRUMENT IS ISSUED WITH ORIGINAL ISSUE
DISCOUNT. THE NOTE OBLIGORS WILL MAKE AVAILABLE ON REQUEST TO THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION: ISSUE PRICE,
AMOUNT OF ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT, ISSUE DATE, AND YIELD. THE ADDRESS OF THE NOTE OBLIGORS IS: SONDER HOLDINGS INC., 447 SUTTER
ST. SUITE 405, #542, SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94108, ATTENTION: CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER. 

THE
HOLDER MAY NOT, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, TRANSFER THIS NOTE, EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 10 AND SECTION 11 HEREOF.

ANYTHING
HEREIN TO THE CONTRARY NOTWITHSTANDING, THE LIENS AND SECURITY INTERESTS SECURING THE OBLIGATIONS EVIDENCED BY THIS NOTE, THE
EXERCISE OF ANY RIGHT OR REMEDY WITH RESPECT THERETO, AND CERTAIN OF THE RIGHTS OF THE HOLDER HEREOF ARE SUBJECT TO THE PROVISIONS
OF THE INTERCREDITOR AND SUBORDINATION AGREEMENT DATED AS OF DECEMBER 21, 2022 (AS AMENDED, RESTATED, SUPPLEMENTED, OR OTHERWISE
MODIFIED FROM TIME TO TIME, THE SUBORDINATION AGREEMENT), BY AND AMONG SILICON VALLEY BANK, A DIVISION OF FIRST-CITIZENS
BANK & TRUST COMPANY, AS SENIOR LENDER, THE SUBORDINATED CLAIMHOLDERS PARTY THERETO, AND ACKNOWLEDGED BY SONDER USA INC.,
SONDER HOLDINGS, INC., SONDER HOSPITALITY USA INC. AND CERTAIN OTHER OBLIGORS. IN THE EVENT OF ANY CONFLICT BETWEEN THE TERMS
OF THE SUBORDINATION AGREEMENT AND THIS NOTE, THE TERMS OF THE SUBORDINATION AGREEMENT SHALL GOVERN AND CONTROL.

AMENDED
AND RESTATED SUBORDINATED SECURED

FIRST
ADDITIONAL BRIDGE NOTE

Issuance
Date: July 12, 2024 (the Issuance Date)

Original
Principal Amount: $[ ]

Note
No.: N-[ ]

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the Note Obligors (as defined in the Note Purchase Agreement), hereby promise to pay [Holder] or its
registered assigns (the Holder) the amount set out above as the Original Principal Amount, as such amount
may be (i) increased pursuant to the payment of PIK Interest or (ii) reduced pursuant to any redemption or repayment effected
in accordance with the terms hereof or the terms of the Note Purchase Agreement (the balance of such amount from time to time
being the Outstanding Principal Balance), when due, whether upon the Maturity Date, redemption, acceleration
or otherwise (in each case in accordance with the terms hereof). This note (including all notes issued in exchange, transfer or
replacement hereof, this Note) is issued pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement (as defined below).

SECTION
1. DEFINITIONS. Capitalized terms used herein and not defined below shall have the respective meanings set forth in the
Note Purchase Agreement. The following terms used in this Note will have the respective meanings set forth below:

2026
PIK Option shall have the meaning specified in
Section 3.

2026
PIK Interest
Payment Due
Date shall have the meaning specified in
Section 3.

Affiliate
means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls
or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified including, without limitation, any general partner, managing
member, officer, director, trustee or manager of such person and any venture capital fund, private equity fund, investment firm
or registered investment company now or hereafter existing that is controlled by one or more general partners or managing members
of, or is under common investment management with, such Person.

Applicable
Rate means, with respect to interest payable on an Interest Payment Due Date for the period since the immediately preceding
Interest Payment Due Date (or, if no preceding Interest Payment Due Date, since the Issuance Date) (such period, the Interest
Period), (a) the greater of (x) Three-Month
SOFR Rate plus the Term SOFR Adjustment and (y) 1.00%, plus (b) 9.00%, plus (c) solely in respect
of a 2026 PIK Interest Payment Due Date, 2.007.00%.

Asset
Sale Pro Rata Portion means an amount equal to (a) (i) any Available Excess Proceeds, multiplied by (ii) the fraction
obtained by dividing the Outstanding Principal Balance of this Note by the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balances of all then-
outstanding Notes.

2

Average
Interest Rate means, with respect to any period specified in clauses (a) through (d) of the definition of Note Redemption
Amount, the average of the interest rates per annum in effect (excluding any Default Rate) on each day for the period beginning
on thefirst day of the period specified in such
clause and ending on the day prior to the Redemption Date.

Benchmark
means, initially, the Three-Month SOFR Rate, as defined above; provided that
if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to Three-Month SOFR Rate
or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement.

Benchmark
Replacement means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Required Investors
(in consultation with the Note Obligors) as of the Benchmark Replacement Date:

(i) Daily
Simple SOFR; or

(ii) (b)
the sum of: (i) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Calculation Agent and the Note Obligors giving due
consideration to (A) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate
by the Relevant Governmental Body or (B) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as
a replacement to the then-current Benchmark for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities and (ii) the related Benchmark
Replacement Adjustment;

provided,
that in each case, such Benchmark Replacement shall be administratively feasible for the Calculation Agent.

Benchmark
Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark
Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive
or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Required Investors and the Issuer giving due consideration to (a) any
selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement
of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body or (b) any evolving or
then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment,
for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit
facilities.

The
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment shall not include the 7.00% margin specified herein and such margin shall be applied to the Benchmark
Replacement to determine the interest payable on the Note.

Benchmark
Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational
changes (including changes to the definitions or interpretations of Interest Period, the timing and frequency of determining rates
and making payments of interest, the rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Required Investors
(after consultation with the Note Obligors) may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit
the administration thereof by the Calculation Agent in a manner substantiallyconsistent
with market practice (or, if the Required Investors decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively
feasible or if the Required Investors determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such
other manner as the Required Investors determines is reasonably practicable); provided that any such changes shall be administratively
feasible for the Calculation Agent.

3

Benchmark
Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark:

(i) in
the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (x) the date of the
public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (y) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark
permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark; or

(ii) in
the case of clause (iii) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the date of the public statement or publication
of information referenced therein.

For
the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than,
the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the
Reference Time for such determination.

Benchmark
Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark:

(i) a
public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that such administrator
has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark, permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark;

(ii) a
public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark, the central
bank for the currency of the Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark, a resolution
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution
authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the Benchmark has ceased or will cease
to provide the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark; or

(iii) a
public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark announcing
that the Benchmark is no longer representative.

4

Calculation
Agent means the Parent.

Capital
Stock means, for any Person, any and all shares, interests, rights to purchase, warrants, options, participations or
other equivalents of, or interest in (howsoeverdesignated),
the equity of such Person, but excluding any debt securities convertible into such equity.

Change
of Control means (a) at any time, any person or group (as such terms are used in Sections
13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) shall become the beneficial owner (as defined
in Rules 13(d)-3 and 13(d)-5 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), directly or indirectly, of fifty percent
(50%) or more of the ordinary voting power for the election of directors of the Parent (determined on a fully diluted basis);
(b) the Parent shall cease to have the ability to, directly or indirectly, elect (either through share ownership or contractual
voting rights) a majority of the board of directors or equivalent governing body of any other Issuer Party, except to the extent
expressly permitted by Section 8(g) of the Note Purchase Agreement; or (c) any Issuer Party shall cease to own and control,
of record and beneficially, directly or indirectly, 100% of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by the issued and
outstanding Equity Interests of its Subsidiaries on a fully diluted basis (which for this purpose shall exclude all Equity Interests
that have not yet vested), free and clear of all Liens (except Liens created by the Security Documents, Liens permitted by Section
8(b)(xiii) of the Note Purchase Agreement and non-consensual Permitted Liens that are being contested in good faith); provided that this clause (c) shall not apply to Sonder Canada so long as Parent and its Subsidiaries own and control, of record and
beneficially, directly or indirectly, at least 73% of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by the issued and outstanding
Equity Interests of Sonder Canada; provided further that, with respect to any Subsidiary formed in a jurisdiction where
a law, rule or regulation of such jurisdiction restricts the applicable Issuer Party from owning and controlling, of record and
beneficially, directly or indirectly, one hundred percent (100%) of each class of outstanding Equity Interest of such Subsidiary,
in each case, this clause (c) shall not apply so long as (x) such Issuer Party owns and controls no less than ninety-nine percent
(99%) (or such lesser amount representing the maximum amount of Equity Interests such Issuer Party is permitted to own and control)
of each class of outstanding Equity Interests of such Subsidiary free and clear of all Liens (except Liens created by the Security
Agreement, Liens permitted by Section 8(b)(xiii) of the Note Purchase Agreement and non-consensual Permitted Liens that
are being contested in good faith) and (y) such Issuer Party has notified the Investors of such situation and the limitations
of such Subsidiarys jurisdiction; or (d) a change of control or any comparable term under, and as defined
in, any Senior Credit Agreement shall have occurred.

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Merger Transactions shall not be deemed a Change of Control.

Close
of Business means 5:00 p.m., New York City time.

Code
means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

5

Comparable
Treasury Issue means the United States Treasury security selected by the Note Obligors (in consultation with the Required
Investors) as having a maturity comparable to the remaining term of the Notes to be redeemed that would be utilized, at the time
of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing newissues
of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes.

Competitor
means any Person engaged primarily (or as a material portion of its business) in, and including as a platform for, travel, accommodations,
lodging, hospitality services and real estate, and such Persons Affiliates and major investors but shall not include any
Person engaged in the business of making passive investments in such businesses so long as such Person has in place procedures
to prevent the distribution of confidential information that is prohibited under the Transaction Documents; provided, however,
that investments conferring rights to become a director of such Person or an observer of such Persons board of directors
or equivalent governing body shall not be considered passive for purposes of this definition.

Control
means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a
Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled
have meanings correlative thereto.

Conversion
Event shall have the meaning specified in Section 5(a).

Daily
Simple SOFR means, for any day, SOFR, with the conventions for this rate (which will include a lookback) being established
by the Required Investors in accordance with the conventions for this rate selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental
Body for determining Daily Simple SOFR for syndicated business loans; provided that if the Required Investors decide
(in consultation with the Calculation Agent) that any such convention is not administratively feasible, then the Required Investors
may establish another convention in their reasonable discretion.

Debtor
Relief Laws means the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy,
assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor
relief Laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect.

Default
Interest shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(f).

Default
Rate shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(f).

Event
of Default shall have the meaning specified in Section 5.

FATCA
means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Note (or any amended or successor version that is substantively
comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof,
any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices
adopted pursuant to, any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities and implementing such
Sections of the Code.

6

Federal
Reserve Bank of New Yorks Website means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, currently at http://www
newyorkfed.org, or any successor source.

First
Additional Bridge Funding Date means the date of the First Additional Bridge Funding Event.

Holder
shall have the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph.

Interest
Payment Due Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 3(c).

Issuance
Date shall have the meaning specified in the preamble of this Note.

Law
means any law (including common law), constitution, statute, treaty, regulation, rule, ordinance, code, ruling, or order of, including
the administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof,
or any agreement with, any Governmental Authority.

Maturity
Date means, December 10, 2027.

Note
Obligations Amount means, as of any date of determination, an amount equal to the sum of (i) the Outstanding Principal
Balance (or portion thereof, if applicable) as of the Close of Business on such date plus (ii) all accrued and unpaid interest
on this Note (or portion thereof, if applicable) through, but excluding such date, which interest is not otherwise included in
such Outstanding Principal Balance.

Note
Purchase Agreement shall mean the Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 10, 2021, by and among the Note Obligors,
the Guarantors and the Investors party thereto, as amended by that certain Omnibus Amendment, dated as of December 21, 2022, that
certain Second Omnibus Amendment, dated as of November 6, 2023, that certain Waiver Forbearance and Third Amendment, dated as
of June 10, 2024, that certain Fourth Amendment, dated as of July 12, 2024 and that certain Waiver, Consent and Fifth Amendment,
dated as of August 13, 2024.

Note
Redemption Amount means, in respect of any portion of the Outstanding Principal Balance redeemed (other than with respect
to an Excess Cash Flow Redemption), an amount, calculated as of the Redemption Date, equal to the corresponding Note Obligations
Amount, plus a premium equal to:

(a) if
the Redemption Date occurs during the period commencing on the calendar day immediately
following the Issuance Date and ending on and including the first anniversary of the
First Additional Bridge Funding Date, the sum of (x) the present value at such Redemption
Date of the interest payments scheduled to be due on each Interest Payment Due Date occurring
after the Redemption Date and on or prior to the first anniversary of the First Additional
Bridge Funding Date in respect of the Outstanding Principal Balance being redeemed, determined
using a discount rate equal to the Treasury Rate plus 50 basis points, and (y) 100% of
(i) the Average Interest Rate multiplied by (ii) the portion of the Outstanding
Principal Balance being redeemed, minus (z) any accrued and unpaid interest in
respect of the Outstanding Principal Balance being redeemed;

7

(b) if
the Redemption Date occurs during the period commencing on the calendar day immediately
following the first anniversary of the First Additional Bridge Funding Date and ending
on and including the second anniversary of the First Additional Bridge Funding Date,
100% of (x) the Average Interest Rate multiplied by (y) the portion of the Outstanding
Principal Balance being redeemed;

(c) if
the Redemption Date occurs during the period commencing on the calendar day immediately
following the second anniversary of the First Additional Bridge Funding Date and ending
on and including the third anniversary of the First Additional Bridge Funding Date, 75%
of (x) the Average Interest Rate multiplied by (y) the portion of the Outstanding
Principal Balance being redeemed;

(d) if
the Redemption Date occurs during the period commencing on the calendar day immediately
following the third anniversary of the First Additional Bridge Funding Date and ending
on and including the fourth anniversary of the First Additional Bridge Funding Date,
25% of (x) the Average Interest Rate multiplied by (y) the portion of the Outstanding
Principal Balance being redeemed; or

(e) if
the Redemption Date occurs after the fourth anniversary of the First Additional Bridge
Funding Date, zero.

Notes
shall mean the Amended and Restated Subordinated Secured First Additional Bridge Notes issued pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement.

Open
of Business means 9:00 a.m., New York City time.

Original
Principal Amount shall have the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph.

Outstanding
Principal Balance shall have the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph.

Periodic
Term SOFR Determination Day shall have the meaning specified in Section 3(g)(i).

PIK
Interest means accrued interest that is added to the Outstanding Principal Balance pursuant to Section 3.
All interest accrued at the Default Rate shall be PIK Interest.

8

Qualified
Transferee means any Person (other than a natural person) that (i) is a commercial bank, insurance company, investment
or mutual fund or other entity that is an accredited investor (as defined in Regulation D under the Securities Act),
or (ii) has total assets (in name or under management) in excess of $250,000,000 and (except with respect to a pension advisory
firm, fund manager or its managed funds or similar fiduciary or investment vehicle) total capital/statutory surplus in excess
of $100,000,000, in each case other than any Competitor.

Redemption
Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 4(a).

Redemption
Notice shall have the meaning specified in Section 4(a).

Reference
Time with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (i) if the Benchmark is the Three-Month SOFR Rate, 11:00
a.m., New York time, on the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day, and (ii) if the Benchmark is not the Three-Month SOFR Rate,
the time determined by the Required Investors in accordance with the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes.

Register
shall have the meaning specified in Section 10(b).

Registered
Notes shall have the meaning specified in Section 10(b).

Relevant
Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially
endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto.

Replacement
Notes shall have the meaning specified in Section 11(a).

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

SOFR
means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator.

SOFR
Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing
rate).

Surviving
Person means the surviving Person in a merger, consolidation or similar transaction involving the Parent.

Tax
or Taxes means any and all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, charges, withholdings
(including backup withholding) imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable
thereto.

Term
SOFR Adjustment means 0.26161% per annum.

9

Term
SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term
SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion).

Term
SOFR Reference Rate means the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR.

Three-Month
SOFR Rate shall have the meaning specified in Section 3(g).

Transferee
means the transferee designated by the Holder.

Treasury
Rate means, with respect to any Note Redemption Amount calculated pursuant to clause (a) of the definition of such
term, (i) the yield, under the heading which represents the average for the immediately preceding week, appearing in the most
recently published statistical release designated H.15(519) or any successor publication which ispublished
weekly by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and which establishes yields on actively traded United States Treasury
securities adjusted to constant maturity under the caption Treasury Constant Maturities, for the maturity most closely
corresponding to length of time that will elapse between the Redemption Date and the first anniversary of the First Additional
Bridge Funding Date or (ii) if such release (or any successor release) is not published during the week preceding the Redemption
Date or does not contain such yields, the rate per annum equal to the annualized yield to maturity of the Comparable Treasury
Issue, in either case as calculated on the third Business Day preceding the Redemption Date.

Unadjusted
Benchmark Replacement means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.

U.S.
Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (a) a Saturday, (b) a
Sunday or (c) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments
of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities.

SECTION
2. PAYMENT OF PRINCIPAL. If this Note has not yet been redeemed or otherwise repaid, the Note Obligations Amount (and all
other outstanding Obligations) as of the Maturity Date shall be due and payable on the Maturity Date.

SECTION
3. PAYMENT OF INTEREST.

(a) During
the term of this Note, interest shall accrue on the Outstanding Principal Balance at the Applicable Rate (or the Default Rate
to the extent provided in Section 3(f)) per annum from, and including, the Issuance Date until, but excluding, the Maturity
Date. TheOther than
in the case of Default Interest, the Note Obligors shall give the Holder notice of the form, rate and amount of each
interest payment (including whether such interest payment shall be paid in cash, as PIK Interest by adding such accrued interest
to the Outstanding Principal Balance or a combination thereof (including detail as to such combination)) no later than the tenth
Business Day prior to each Interest Payment Due Date.

10

(b) The
accrual of interest on this Note (other than Default Interest) as
of any date will be calculated based on the Outstanding Principal Balance of this Note as of the Close of Business on the immediately
preceding Interest Payment Due Date (or, if there is no preceding Interest Payment Due Date following the Issuance Date, on the
Issuance Date).

(c) Accrued
interest (other than Default Interest) shall be payable
quarterly in arrears on March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31 of each year, commencing on September 30, 2024 (each,
an Interest Payment Due Date). On each Interest Payment Due Date prior to and including MarchDecember
31, 20252026,
such accrued interest shall be payable at the Note Obligors election, in cash, as PIK Interest by adding such accrued interest
to the Outstanding Principal Balance or a combination thereof, as set forth in the definition of Applicable Rate. At
the option of the Note Obligors, the PIK Interest
election may be extended through the December 31, 2025 Interest Payment Due Date. At the option of the Note Obligors, the PIK
Interest election may be further extended through the December 31, 2026 Interest Payment Due Date (the 2026 PIK Option
and each Interest Payment Due Date ending March 31, 2026, June 30, 2026, September 30, 2026 and December 31, 2026 in which the
2026 PIK Option is exercised, a 2026 PIK Interest Payment Due Date). On each Interest Payment
Due Date occurring after the March 31, 2025 Interest Payment Due Date, or, if the PIK Interest
election option is extended by the Holders, after the December 31, 2025 Interest Payment Due Date, or, if the PIK Interest election
option is extended by the Holders, after the December 31, 2026 Interest
Payment Due Date, such accrued interest shall be paid in cash. In the event that the Note Obligors do not elect with respect to
an applicable Interest Payment Due Date whether to pay interest as PIK Interest or in cash or a combination thereof on or before
an Interest Payment Due Date, the Note Obligors shall be deemed to elect to pay such accrued interest due on such Interest Payment
Due Date as PIK Interest (and shall notify the Notes Agent of such and request Notes Agent to update the Register accordingly).
The To the extent
the Three-Month SOFR Rate is
a component of the Applicable
Rate, the Issuance Date and the date on which each Interest Payment Due Date occurs shall be a SOFR Rate
Determination Date. If any Interest Payment Due Date or SOFR Rate Determination Date would otherwise be a day that
is not a Business Day (other than the Interest Payment Due Date that is also the Maturity Date), such Interest Payment Due Date
or SOFR Rate Determination Date will be postponed to the immediately succeeding day that is a Business Day, except that if that
Business Day is in the immediately succeeding calendar month, the Interest Payment Date shall be the immediately preceding Business
Day.

(d) Any
Except as provided in
Section 3(f) below, any accrued interest paid as PIK
Interest will be effective at the Open of Business on such Interest Payment Due Date. Interest shall accrue and shall be computed
on the basis of a 360-day year and the actual number of days elapsed in such period.

(e) On
each Interest Payment Due Date, the Note Obligors shall notify Notes Agent of any accrued PIK Interest and request Notes Agent
make a record on the Register of the Outstanding Principal Balance of this Note due to any accrued PIK Interest, each Note shall
represent the increased Outstanding Principal Balance, and no separate Note will be issued with respect to such accrued PIK Interest.

11

(f) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, following the occurrence and during the continuance
of any Event of Default, the Note Obligors shall pay interest (Default Interest) at a rate equal
to the interest rate otherwise applicable plus 2.00% (the Default Rate) on (i) the Outstanding Principal
Balance, and (ii) to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the amount of any interest, fee or other amount payable hereunder
that is not paid when due, from the date such amount shall be due until such amount shall be paid in full,.
Default Interest shall be payable in arrears on the date
such amount shall be paid in full and on demand.daily
based on the Outstanding
Principal Balance of this Note and (to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law) the amount of any unpaid interest, fees
and other amounts as of the Close of Business on the immediately preceding calendar day. Such
accrued Default Interest shall be paid as
PIK
Interest by
adding such accrued Default Interest to the Outstanding Principal Balance.

(g) SOFR
Matters.TheTo
the extent the Three-Month SOFR Rate is a component
of the Applicable Rate, the Three-Month SOFR Rate shall
be calculated as of each SOFR Rate Determination Date and apply from such date until the succeeding SOFR Rate Determination Date.
For each such Interest Period beginning on a SOFR Rate Determination Date, Three-Month SOFR Rate means the
rate determined in accordance with the following provisions:

(i) the
Calculation Agent will determine the Three-Month SOFR Rate, which will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a three month tenor
on the day (such day, the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day) that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities
Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator;
provided, however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference
Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect
to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Three-Month SOFR Rate will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a three
month tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which
such Term SOFR Reference Rate for a three month tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding
U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Periodic
Term SOFR Determination Day.

(ii) If
the Three-Month SOFR Rate cannot be determined as described above on the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day, the rate for the
Interest Period following the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day will be the rate in effect on the immediately prior Periodic
Term SOFR Determination Day.

12

Notwithstanding
clause (i) and clause (ii) above, if the Required Investors (in consultation with the Note Obligors) determine on or prior to
the relevant Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date
(each, as defined herein) have occurred with respect to Three-Month SOFR Rate (or the then-current Benchmark, as applicable),
then the provisions set forth below under Effect of Benchmark Transition Event, which are referred to as the benchmark
transition provisions, will thereafter apply to all determinations of the rate of interest payable on the Notes. In accordance
with the benchmark transition provisions, after a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred,
the amount of interest that will be payable for each Interest Period will be an annual rate equal to the sum of (1) the greater
of (x) the Benchmark Replacement (as defined herein) and (y) 1.00% and (2) 7.00%. In the event that SOFR or applicable Benchmark
is not available on any determination date, then unless the Calculation Agent is notified in writing by the Note Obligors and
the Required Investors of a Benchmark Replacement in accordance with the terms of this Note within three (3) U.S. Government Securities
Business Days the Calculation Agent shall use the interest rate in effect for the immediately prior Interest Period.

All
percentages resulting from any calculation of any interest rate for this Note will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with five one-millionths of a percentage point rounded upwards (e.g., 3.456789% (or
.03456789) being rounded to 3.45679% (or .0345679)) and all dollar amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be
rounded to the nearest cent (with one-half cent being rounded upwards). Any percentage resulting from any calculation of any interest
rate for this Note less than 0.00% will be deemed to be 0.00% (or .0000).

Absent
willful misconduct, bad faith or manifest error, the calculation of the applicable interest rate for each Interest Period by the
Calculation Agent will be final and binding on the Note Obligors and the Holders.

The
Calculation Agent shall not have any liability for any delay, error or inaccuracy in the publication of any interest rate published
by any publication that is the source for determining the interest rates of the Notes, or for any rates published on any publicly
available source, including without limitation the Federal Reserve Bank of New Yorks Website or the Term SOFR Administrators
website, or in any of the foregoing cases for any subsequent correction or adjustment thereto.

Any
determination, decision or election that may be made by the Required Investors (in consultation with the Note Obligors) in connection
with a Benchmark Transition Event or a Benchmark Replacement, including any determination with respect to a rate or adjustment
or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action
or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in the Required Investors sole discretion,
and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Transaction Documents, will become effective without consent from any other
party, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 3(g).

13

(h) Effect
of Benchmark Transition Event.

(i) Benchmark
Replacement. If the Required Investors determine that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date
have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any determination of the Benchmark on any date, the Benchmark Replacement
will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of such determination on such date and
all determinations on all subsequent dates.

(ii) Benchmark
Replacement Conforming Changes. In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Required Investors will
have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time.

(iii) Decisions
and Determinations. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Required Investors pursuant to the benchmark
replacement provisions described in this Section 3(h), including any determination with respect to tenor, rate or adjustment
or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action
or any selection:

(1) will
be conclusive and binding absent manifest error;

(2) if
made by the Required Investors, will be made in its sole discretion; and

(3) shall
become effective without consent from any other party.

SECTION
4. REDEMPTION.

(a) Redemption
at the Option of the Note Obligors. The Note Obligors shall have the right to redeem the Note, in whole or in part, for an
amount in cash equal to the Note Redemption Amount in respect of all or a portion of the Outstanding Principal Balance, as the
case may be, on or about the date specified (the Redemption Date) in a written notice to Holder (the Redemption
Notice) that shall be delivered not less than ten (10) Business Days prior to the proposed Redemption Date, provided
that any such redemption shall be made pro rata with respect to all Notes then outstanding and such Redemption Notice may be made
contingent upon the consummation or completion of another transaction.

(b) Offer
to Redeem upon a Change of Control. If a Change of Control shall occur, the Note Obligors shall, not later than three (3)
Business Days after the occurrence of such Change of Control, give written notice to the Holder and offer to redeem this Note
for an amount in cash equal to the Note Redemption Amount in respect of the Outstanding Principal Balance; provided that the Note
Redemption Amount payable upon a redemption resulting from a Change of Control shall be equal to at least 101% of the Outstanding
Principal Balance redeemed. Holder may accept such redemption offer by written notice to the Note Obligors not later than five
(5) Business Days after delivery of such notice and the Note Obligors shall make payment on the redemption within three (3) Business
Days of its receipt of such notice of acceptance.

14

(c) Offer
to Redeem upon Certain Asset Sales. When the amount of aggregate Available Excess Proceeds from all Dispositions in any fiscal
year exceeds $5,000,000, the Note Obligors shall give prompt written notice to the Holder (the Asset Sale Notice),
which notice shall include a calculation of the Holders Asset Sale Pro Rata Portion and an offer to redeem a portion of
this Note (the Asset Redemption Offer) equal to the Holders Asset Sale Pro Rata Portion by making
a cash payment in the amount of the applicable Asset Sale Pro Rata Portion plus accrued and unpaid interest on such amount at
the Applicable Rate. Holder may accept such redemption offer by written notice to the Note Obligors not later than five (5) Business
Days after delivery of the Asset Sale Notice and the Note Obligors shall make payment on the redemption within three (3) Business
Days of its receipt of such notice of acceptance. The Note Obligors may use any remaining portion of such Available Excess Proceeds
that is not applied to purchase Notes because an Asset Redemption Offer is not accepted for general corporate purposes, the repayment
of Indebtedness or as otherwise required pursuant to its other contractual requirements. Upon completion of such Asset Redemption
Offer, the amount of Available Excess Proceeds shall be reset at zero.

(d) Mechanics
of Redemption and Repayment of this Note. The following procedures shall apply to redemptions and other repayments of the
amounts due and payable under this Note (other than in connection with any acceleration thereof):

(i) In
connection with any redemption or repayment of this Note in full, the Holder shall surrender this Note to the Note Obligors (or
in the case of the loss, theft or destruction of this Note, provide an indemnification undertaking with respect to this Note that
is reasonably satisfactory to the Note Obligors) no later than the Business Day immediately preceding the Redemption Date or Maturity
Date; provided that failure to timely surrender this Note shall not release the Note Obligors of its obligations hereunder.
In connection with any redemption or repayment on this Note in part, the Holder shall not surrender this Note to the Note Obligors
and the Outstanding Principal Balance of this Note shall be adjusted on the Note Obligors records to reflect such partial
redemption or repayment.

(ii) On
the Redemption Date or Maturity Date, the Note Obligors shall pay any amount due and payable under the terms of this Note in cash
as of such Redemption Date or the Maturity Date, and provide notice of such payment to the Notes Agent.

15

SECTION
5. EVENTS OF DEFAULT. Each of the following shall be an Event of Default with respect to this Note:

(a) The
Note Obligors fail to pay any portion of the Note Obligations Amount when due, whether on the Maturity Date, upon redemption,
acceleration, or otherwise.

(b) The
Note Obligors (i) elects to pay interest in cash or partially in cash and fails to pay such interest for five (5) Business Days
after the interest becomes due or (ii) fails to pay any other amounts not constituting principal or accrued interest hereunder
or under the Note Purchase Agreement or any other Transaction Document for a period of five (5) Business Days after such amounts
are due.

(c) [Reserved].

(d) Any
representation or warranty made by the Note Obligors in the Note Purchase Agreement or this Note or any amendment or modification
hereof or thereof or waiver hereunder or thereunder, or in any report, certificate furnished pursuant to or in connection with
this Note or the Note Purchase Agreement or any amendment or modification hereof or thereof or waiver hereunder or thereunder,
shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made or deemed made (other than to the extent qualified by materiality
or Material Adverse Effect, in which case, such representation or warranty shall prove to have been incorrect in
any respect).

(e) The
Note Obligors fail to comply with their obligations under Section 8 of the Note Purchase Agreement.

(f) The
Note Obligors fail to comply with their obligations under this Note, the Note Purchase Agreement or any other Transaction Document
(other than as otherwise expressly provided in Section 5(a), Section 5(b), Section 5(d), or Section 5(e)) for thirty
(30) calendar days after the earlier of (i) receipt by the Note Obligors of written notice of the failure to so comply from the
Collateral Agent or the Required Investors or (ii) actual knowledge of such failure by a Responsible Officer of the Note Obligors.

(g) The
Note Obligors or any of their Subsidiaries shall fail to perform or comply with any term, covenant, condition or agreement contained
in any agreement(s) or instrument(s) governing any Indebtedness for borrowed money in an amount in excess of $275,000 and the
holder or holder of such Indebtedness shall have accelerated the maturity thereof.

(h) (i)
One or more judgments for the payment of money in excess of $275,000 in the aggregate, to the extent not adequately covered by
insurance as to which a solvent and unaffiliated insurance company has acknowledged coverage, shall be rendered against the Note
Obligors, any of its Subsidiaries or any combination thereof (to the extent not paid or covered by a reputable and solvent independent
third-party insurance company which has not disputed coverage) and the same shall remain undischarged for a period of thirty (30)
consecutive calendar days during which execution shall not be effectively stayed (or an action of similar effect in any jurisdiction
outside the U.S.), or any action shall be legally taken by a judgment creditor to attach or levy upon any assets of the Note Obligors
or any of its Subsidiaries to enforce any such judgment and such action shall not be stayed (or an action of similar effect in
any jurisdiction outside the U.S.) or (ii) any nonmonetary judgment, writ or warrant of attachment or similar process shall be
entered or filed against Note Obligors or any Subsidiary or any combination thereof or any of their respective assets and shall
remain undischarged, unvacated, unbonded or unstayed (or an action of similar effect in any jurisdiction outside the U.S.) for
a period of ninety (90) consecutive calendar days and such non-monetary judgment, writ, warrant of attachment or similar process
would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

16

(i) (i)
Any material provision of the Transaction Documents, at any time after its execution and delivery and for any reason other than
(x) as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder, (y) as a result of acts or omissions by the Collateral Agent or any Investor,
or (z) the satisfaction in full of all the Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations not then due), ceases
to be in full force and effect, (ii) any Issuer Party or other Subsidiary of the Note Obligors contests in writing the validity
or enforceability of any provision of any Transaction Document or the validity or priority of a Lien as required by the Collateral
Documents on the Collateral, (iii) the Collateral Agent shall not have or shall cease to have a valid and perfected Lien in any
material portion of the Collateral purported to be covered by the Collateral Documents with the priority required by the relevant
Collateral Document or (iv) any Issuer Party or other Subsidiary of the Note Obligors denies in writing that it has any or further
liability or obligation under any Transaction Document (other than (x) as a result of repayment in full of the Obligations
or (y) in accordance with its terms), or purports in writing to revoke or rescind any Transaction Document (other than in accordance
with its terms).

(j) The
Note Obligors or any Guarantor, pursuant to or within the meaning of any Debtor Relief Law:

(i) commences
proceedings to be adjudicated bankrupt or insolvent;

(ii) consents
to the institution of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings against it, or the filing by it of a petition or answer or consent
seeking an arrangement of debt, reorganization, dissolution, winding up or relief under applicable Debtor Relief Laws;

(iii) consents
to the appointment of a receiver, interim receiver, receiver and manager, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or other
similar official of it or for all or substantially all of its property; or

17

(iv) makes
a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors.

(k) A
court of competent jurisdiction enters an order or decree under any Debtor Relief Law (which order or decree remains unstayed
and in effect for sixty (60) consecutive calendar days) that:

(i) is
for relief against the Note Obligors or any Guarantor in a proceeding in which the Note Obligors or any Guarantor is to be adjudicated
bankrupt or insolvent;

(ii) appoints
a receiver, interim receiver, receiver and manager, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or other similar official of the
Note Obligors or any Guarantor, or for all or substantially all of the property of the Note Obligors or any Guarantor; or

(iii) orders
the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Note Obligors or any Guarantor.

SECTION
6. REMEDIES. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default that has not been timely cured as provided herein:

(a) Acceleration
of Note. In the case of an Event of Default of the type specified in Section 5(j) or Section 5(k), the Note Redemption Amount will become immediately due and payable, without any further notice and without any presentment,
demand, or protest of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Note Obligors. If any other Event of Default occurs
and is continuing, the Required Investors may (i) declare the outstanding Note Redemption Amount, to be immediately due and payable
(with notice thereof to Collateral Agent), whereupon the same will become forthwith due and payable, and (ii) cause the
Collateral Agent to enforce any and all Liens and security interests created pursuant to the Collateral Documents.

(b) Waiver
of Default. The Required Investors may (upon execution of a written instrument) rescind any acceleration or waive any existing
Event of Default, together with any of the consequences of such Event of Default; provided that an Event of Default of the type
specified in Section 5(j) or Section 5(k) may only be waived and any acceleration with respect thereto
only rescinded in respect of this Note by the Holder. In such event, the Holder and the Note Obligors will be restored to their
respective former positions, rights and obligations hereunder.

(c) Cumulative
Remedies. No failure on the part of the Holder or the Required Investors to exercise and no delay in exercising any right
hereunder will operate as a waiver thereof, nor will any single or partial exercise by the Holder or Required Investors of any
right hereunder preclude any other or further right of exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right. The remedies herein
provided are cumulative and not alternative.

SECTION
7. Reserved.

18

SECTION
8. VOTING RIGHTS. The Holder shall have no voting rights as the holder of this Note, except as required by New York Law
or as expressly provided in this Note and the Note Purchase Agreement.

SECTION
9. AMENDMENTS. This Note, and any of the terms and provisions hereof, may be amended from time to time as set forth in
the Note Purchase Agreement.

SECTION
10. TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS AND RELATED PROVISIONS.

(a) This
Note may not be directly or indirectly offered, sold, assigned or transferred by the Holder without the prior written consent
of the Note Obligors except to a Qualified Transferee. For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 10 shall not restrict the
ability of any direct or indirect parent of the Holder to pledge, mortgage, charge or otherwise dispose of or encumber its assets.
In connection with any assignment or direct transfer of this Note (in whole or in part), the transferor and transferee shall enter
into an Assignment and Assumption Agreement in the form of Exhibit II hereto and provide a copy thereof to Notes
Agent. Any offer, sale, assignment or other transfer of this Note is also subject to the restrictive legends of this Note.

(b) The
Notes Agent shall maintain and keep updated a register (the Register) for the recordation of the names and
addresses of the Holders of this Note and each Replacement Note and the Outstanding Principal Balance of this Note (and accrued
interest) and any Replacement Note (the Registered Notes). The initial address for the Holder of this Note
shall be the address set forth on the Holders signature page hereto and may be updated, from time to time, by written notice
to the Note Obligors and Notes Agent. The entries in the Register shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes absent manifest
error. The Note Obligors, the Collateral Agent and the Holder of this Note or any Replacement Note shall treat each Person
whose name is recorded in the Register as the owner of this Note or the applicable Replacement Note for all purposes, including,
without limitation, the right to receive payments hereunder, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. Upon the written request
of the Holder, the Notes Agent shall provide a copy of the Register to the Holder and backup calculations for the values relating
to this Note in the Register. A Registered Note may be assigned or sold in whole or in part, to the extent permitted pursuant
to Section 10(a) and any other terms hereof, only by registration of such assignment or sale on the Register. Upon
the Notes Agents receipt of a permitted request to assign or sell all or part of any Registered Note by the Holder of the
applicable Registered Note, an Assignment and Assumption Agreement, a Joinder Agreement (as defined in the Collateral Agency Agreement),
any tax forms required by Section 16 and any KYC information required by the Note Purchase Agreement, a processing and recordation
fee of $3,500 to Notes Agent, and the physical surrender of such applicable Registered Note to the Note Obligors, the Notes Agent
shall record the information contained therein in the Register and the Note Obligors shall issue one or more new Registered Notes,
the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of which is the same as the entire Outstanding Principal Balance of the surrendered
Registered Note, to the Transferee pursuant to Section 11. The provisions of this Section 10(b) are
intended to cause the Note to be in registered form as defined in Treasury Regulations Sections 5f.103-1(c) and
1.871-14(c), or Proposed Section 1.163-5(b) (and any successor sections) and shall be interpreted and applied consistently therewith.

19

SECTION
11. REISSUANCE OF THE NOTE.

(a) Transfer.
If this Note is permitted to be transferred, in whole or in part, the Holder shall surrender this Note to the Note Obligors, whereupon
the Note Obligors will issue and deliver a Replacement Note to the Transferee (in accordance with Section 11(d)), representing the Outstanding Principal Balance of this Note being transferred by the Holder and, if less than the entire Outstanding
Principal Balance of this Note held by the Holder is being transferred, a new note (in accordance with Section 11(d)) to the Holder, representing the portion of the Outstanding Principal Balance not being transferred (each, a Replacement
Note and collectively, the Replacement Notes). The Holder and the Transferee, by acceptance of
this Note, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of Section 11(d), following redemption
of any portion of this Note, the Outstanding Principal Balance represented by this Note may be less than the Outstanding Principal
Balance stated on the face of this Note.

(b) Note
Exchangeable for Different Denominations. This Note is exchangeable, upon the surrender hereof by the Holder at the principal
office of the Note Obligors, for Replacement Notes representing in the aggregate the Outstanding Principal Balance of this Note
in accordance with Section 11(d). Each such Replacement Note will represent such portion of such Outstanding Principal
Balance as is designated by the Holder at the time of such surrender. The Original Principal Amount shall be allocated
pro rata between such Replacement Notes based on the Outstanding Principal Balance designated for each.

(c) Lost,
Stolen, Destroyed or Mutilated Note. Upon receipt by the Note Obligors of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Note Obligors
of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Note and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of any indemnification
undertaking by the Holder to the Note Obligors in customary form and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation
of this Note, the Note Obligors shall execute and deliver to the Holder a Replacement Note (in accordance with Section 11(d)),
representing the Outstanding Principal Balance.

(d) Issuance
of Replacement Notes. Whenever the Note Obligors are required to issue a Replacement Note pursuant to the terms of this Note,
such Replacement Note (i) shall be of like tenor with this Note, (ii) shall represent, as indicated on the face of such Replacement
Note, the remaining Outstanding Principal Balance (or, in the case of a Replacement Note being issued pursuant to Section
11(a) or Section 11(c), the Outstanding Principal Balance designated by the Holder which, when added
to the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance represented by the other Replacement Notes issued in connection with such issuance,
does not exceed the remaining Outstanding Principal Balance under this Note immediately prior to such issuance of Replacement
Notes), (iii) shall be deemed to have an Original Principal Amount calculated in accordance with Section 11(b),
(iv) shall have an issuance date, as indicated on the face of such Replacement Note, which is the same as the Issuance Date
of this Note, (v) shall be deemed to have accrued its proportional share of the interest under this Note from the immediately
preceding Interest Payment Due Date, (vi)shall have the same rights and conditions as this Note, and (vii) shall be timely prepared
and issued by the Note Obligors. The Note Obligors shall provide Notes Agent with notice of any issuance of Replacement Notes
and the details in respect thereof to permit the Notes Agent to revise the Register.

20

SECTION
12. DISPUTES REGARDING ARITHMETIC CALCULATIONS. If the Holder disagrees with any arithmetic calculations performed by the
Note Obligors pursuant to this Note, the Holder shall submit to the Note Obligors its calculations thereof. If the Holder and
the Note Obligors are unable to agree upon such calculation within five (5) Business Days of the submission by the Holder, then
the Note Obligors shall, within five (5) Business Days thereafter submit the disputed arithmetic calculation to the Note Obligors
independent, outside accountant, or if such accountant is unwilling or prohibited, an accountant reasonably satisfactory to the
parties (which is ranked in the top twenty (20) accounting firms nationally, by revenue). The Note Obligors shall cause such accountant
to perform the calculation and notify the Note Obligors and the Holder of the results no later than ten (10) Business Days from
the time it receives the disputed calculation. The Holder shall pay the costs and expenses of such accountant unless the calculation
of such accountant is mathematically closer to the Holders calculation than the calculation submitted by the Note Obligors,
in which case, the costs and expenses of such accountant shall be paid by the Note Obligors. Such calculation shall be binding
upon all parties absent manifest error.

SECTION
13. NOTICES AND PAYMENTS.

(a) Notices.
All notices, requests, demands, consents, instructions or other communications required or permitted hereunder shall in writing
and mailed or delivered personally, by overnight courier, by electronic mail or other or other electronic transmission to each
party as follows: (i) if to the Holder, at the Holders address set forth in the Register, or (ii) if to the Note Obligors,
at the address set forth on the Note Obligors signature page hereto, or at such other address as the Note Obligors shall
have furnished to the Holder in writing. All such notices and communications will be deemed effectively given the earlier of (i)
when received, (ii) when delivered personally, (iii) one Business Day after being deposited with an overnight courier service
of recognized standing or (iv) four days after being deposited in the U.S. mail, first class with postage prepaid.

(b) Payments.
Whenever any payment of cash is to be made by the Note Obligors to any Person pursuant to this Note, such payment shall be made
in cash via wire transfer of immediately available funds. The Holders wire transfer instructions are attached hereto as
Exhibit I. In the event of a change of Holders wire transfer instructions, Holder shall provide the Note
Obligors and Collateral Agent with five (5) Business Days prior written notice of such change and any amounts paid by the
Note Obligors to the account listed on Exhibit I hereto prior to such notice shall be deemed paid to the Holder.
Whenever any amount expressed to be due by the terms of this Note is due on any day which is not a Business Day, the same shall
instead be due on the next succeeding day which is a Business Day; provided, however, that in the case of any Interest Payment
Due Date on which the Note Obligors is paying PIK Interest and that is not the date on which this Note is paid in full, the extension
of the due date thereof shall not be taken into account for purposes of determining the amount of interest due on such date.

21

SECTION
14. WAIVER OF NOTICE. To the extent permitted by Law, unless otherwise provided herein, the Note Obligors hereby waives
demand, notice, protest and all other demands and notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default or
enforcement of this Note.

SECTION
15. GOVERNING LAW, WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL, JURISDICTION, AND SEVERABILITY.

(a) This
Note and all actions arising out of or in connection with this Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the
laws of the State of New York, without regard to the conflicts of law provisions of the State of New York or of any other state
that would result in the application of the laws of a state other than the State of New York.

(b) By
acceptance of this Note, each of the Note Obligors and the Holder hereby agrees to waive their respective rights to a jury trial
of any claim or cause of action based upon or arising out of this Note or any of the Transaction Documents.

(c) To
the extent permitted by law, each of the Holder and the Note Obligors hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state
and federal courts sitting in the Borough of Manhattan in New York City for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection
herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit,
action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action
or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. Nothing contained
herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by Law.

(d) In
the event that any provision of this Note is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable Law, then such provision shall be deemed
inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such Law. Any such provision
which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any Law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision
of this Note.

22

SECTION
16. TAX MATTERS.

(a) All
amounts payable or deliverable in respect of this Note, whether in respect of principal, interest (including accrued interest)
or otherwise, will be made free and clear of and without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future Taxes
unless the withholding or deduction of such Taxes is required by Law.

(b) Notwithstanding
anything in Section 16(a) to the contrary, all such amounts paid or delivered by or on behalf of the Note Obligors
to (A) any Person who is a United States person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code who has timely provided,
on behalf of itself, a properly completed and valid Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 and (B) any Person other than a United States
person who has timely provided, on behalf of itself and/or its beneficial owners, as applicable, a properly completed and valid
Internal Revenue Service Form W- 8BEN, Form W-8BEN-E or other applicable Internal Revenue Service Form W-8 and such other information
(such as that it and/or its beneficial owner is not a 10% shareholder of the Parent, a controlled foreign corporation to which
the Note Obligors are related, or a bank extending credit to the Note Obligors in the ordinary course of its trade or business)
establishing an exemption from U.S. federal withholding tax, shall be free and clear of and without any deduction or withholding
for or on account of, any U.S. federal income tax, other than any U.S. federal income tax imposed under FATCA, unless the withholding
or deduction of such U.S. federal income tax is required as a result of a change in Law after the date hereof; provided that,
for the avoidance of doubt, any forms or other information provided by a transferor or predecessor with respect to a Person shall
not satisfy the requirements of this sentence with respect to such Person.

(c) The
Note Obligors will furnish to the Holder, within a reasonable time after the date the payment of any taxes withheld or deducted
is made, certified copies of tax receipts evidencing payment by the Note Obligors, or other evidence of payments (reasonably
satisfactory to the Holder).

(d) The
Note Obligors will pay and indemnify the Holder for any present or future stamp, issue, registration, court or documentary Taxes,
or any other excise or property Taxes levied on or in connection with the execution, delivery, issuance, registration or enforcement
of this Note or the receipt of any payments with respect thereto.

23

SECTION
17. INTERPRETATION. In this Note, unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, all words and personal
pronouns relating thereto shall be read and construed as the number and gender of the party or parties required and the verb shall
be read and construed as agreeing with the required word and pronoun; the division of this Note into Sections and Exhibits and
the use of headings and captions is for convenience of reference only and shall not modify or affect the interpretation or construction
of this Note or any of its provisions; the words herein, hereof, hereunder, hereinafter
and hereto and words of similar import refer to this Note as a whole and not to any particular Section or Exhibit
hereof; the words include, including, and derivations thereof shall be deemed to have the phrase without
limitation attached thereto unless otherwise expressly stated; references to a specified Exhibit or Section shall be construed
as a reference to that specified Exhibit or Section of this Note; and all references to $ or dollars
shall be deemed references to United States dollars.

(Signature
Page Follows)

24

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Note Obligors have caused this Note to be duly executed as of the Issuance Date set out above.

SONDER
HOLDINGS INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

SONDER
HOLDINGS LLC

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

SONDER
USA INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

SONDER
HOSPITALITY USA INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature Page to Amended and Restated Subordinated Secured First Additional Bridge Note]

ACKNOWLEDGED
AND ACCEPTED:

[HOLDER]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Address:

[Holder]

[Address]

[Address]

Attention:

Telephone:

Email:

[Signature Page to Amended and Restated Subordinated Secured First Additional Bridge Note]

Exhibit
I

Holder
Wire Instructions

Exhibit
II

Form
of Assignment and Assumption Agreement

[Sonder
Subordinated Secured Notes]

[FORM OF]

ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT

This
Assignment and Assumption Agreement (the Assignment and Assumption) is dated as of the Effective Date set
forth below and is entered into by and between [NAME OF ASSIGNOR] (the Assignor) and [NAME OF ASSIGNEE] (the
Assignee). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Note
Purchase Agreement identified below (the Note Purchase Agreement), receipt of a copy of which is hereby acknowledged
by the Assignee. The Standard Terms and Conditions set forth in Annex I attached hereto (the Standard Terms and
Conditions) are hereby agreed to and incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this Assignment and Assumption
as if set forth herein in full.

For
an agreed consideration, the Assignor hereby irrevocably sells and assigns to the Assignee, and the Assignee hereby irrevocably
purchases and assumes from the Assignor, subject to and in accordance with the Standard Terms and Conditions and the Note Purchase
Agreement, as of the Effective Date inserted by the Notes Agent as contemplated below (i) all of the Assignors rights and
obligations in its capacity as an Investor under the Note Purchase Agreement and any other documents or instruments delivered
pursuant thereto to the extent related to the amount identified below of all of such outstanding rights and obligations of the
Assignor under the Note Purchase Agreement and (ii) to the extent permitted to be assigned under applicable law, all claims, suits,
causes of action and any other right of the Assignor (in its capacity as an Investor) against any Person, whether known or unknown,
arising under or in connection with the Note Purchase Agreement, any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto
or the transactions governed thereby or in any way based on or related to any of the foregoing, including contract claims, tort
claims, malpractice claims, statutory claims and all other claims at law or in equity related to the rights and obligations sold
and assigned pursuant to clause (i) above (the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) above
being referred to herein collectively as the Assigned Interest). Such sale and assignment is without recourse
to the Assignor and, except as expressly provided in this Assignment and Assumption, without representation or warranty by the
Assignor.

[The
Assignee represents and warrants that it is not a Competitor (as defined in the Note identified below) and (i) is a commercial
bank, insurance company, investment or mutual fund or other entity that is an accredited investor (as defined in
Regulation D under the Securities Act), or (ii) has total assets (in name or under management) in excess of $250,000,000
and (except with respect to a pension advisory firm, fund manager or its managed funds or similar fiduciary or investment vehicle)
total capital/statutory surplus in excess of $100,000,000.]

6

1. Assignor: 

2. Assignee: 

6
Include if the Assignee meets these requirements of a Qualified Transferee as defined in the Note, in which case consent
by the Note Obligors Representative is not required for assignment.

3. Note
Obligors: 

4. Notes
Agent: Alter
Domus (US) LLC

5. Note
Purchase Agreement: Note
and Warrant Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 10, 2021 (as amended by that certain Omnibus Amendment, dated as of December
21, 2022, that certain Second Omnibus Amendment, dated as of November 6, 2023, that certain Waiver Forbearance and Third Amendment,
dated as of June 10, 2024, that certain Fourth Amendment, dated as of July 12, 2024, that certain Waiver, Consent and Fifth
Amendment, dated as of August 13, 2024 and,
that certain Waiver, Consent and Sixth Amendment, dated as of April 11, 2025, and as may be further amended, restated,
amended and restated, supplemented, extended and/or otherwise modified from time to time, the Note Purchase Agreement),
among Sonder Holdings Inc., Sonder USA Inc., Sonder Hospitality USA Inc., Sonder Holdings LLC, the other Note Obligors from
time to time party thereto, the Guarantors from time to time party thereto, and the Persons identified as Investors therein.

6. Assigned
Interest: 

Assigned
Note 

Outstanding
Principal Balance

Note
No. N-[ ] $

Effective
Date: , 20__ [TO BE INSERTED BY NOTES AGENT AND WHICH SHALL BE THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF RECORDATION OF TRANSFER IN THE REGISTER THEREFOR.]

The
Assignee agrees to deliver to the Notes Agent and the Note Obligor Representative a completed questionnaire in which the Assignee
(i) designates one or more credit contacts to whom all information to which Investors are entitled pursuant to the Note Purchase
Agreement (which may contain material non-public information about the Issuer Parties or their respective securities) will be
made available and who may receive such information in accordance with the Assignees compliance procedures and applicable
laws, including Federal and state securities laws, and (ii) provides wire instructions for an account into which all payments
under the Note shall be made.

The
terms set forth in this Assignment and Assumption are hereby agreed to:

ASSIGNOR

[NAME
OF ASSIGNOR],

By: 

Name:

Title:

ASSIGNEE

[NAME
OF ASSIGNEE],

By: 

Name:

Title:

Consented
to and Accepted:

ALTER
DOMUS (US) LLC, as Notes Agent

By: 

Name:

Title:

Consented
to:7

Note
Obligors Representative,

SONDER
HOLDINGS INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

7
Remove consent if transfer is to a Qualified Transferee as defined in the Note and the text bracketed and footnoted 1 on
the first page of this Assignment and Assumption Agreement is being included.

Annex
I

Exhibit II

Sonder
Note Purchase Agreement

Standard
Terms and Conditions for

Assignment and Assumption

1. Representations
and Warranties.

1.1 Assignor.
The Assignor (a) represents and warrants that (i) it is the legal and beneficial owner of the Assigned Interest, (ii) the Assigned
Interest is free and clear of any lien, encumbrance or other adverse claim, and (iii) it has full power and authority, and has
taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated
hereby; and (b) assumes no responsibility with respect to (i) any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection
with the Note Purchase Agreement or any other Transaction Document, (ii) the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness,
sufficiency or value of the Transaction Documents or any collateral thereunder, (iii) the financial condition of the Note Obligors,
any of their Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person obligated in respect of any Transaction Document, (iv) any requirements
under applicable law for the Assignee to become an Investor under the Note Purchase Agreement or to charge interest at the rate
set forth therein from time to time, or (v) the performance or observance by the Note Obligors, any of their Subsidiaries or Affiliates
or any other Person of any of their respective obligations under any Transaction Document.

1.2 Assignee.
The Assignee (a) represents and warrants that (i) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute
and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to become an Investor under
the Note Purchase Agreement and under applicable law, (ii) it satisfies the requirements, if any, specified in the Note Purchase
Agreement that are required to be satisfied by it in order to acquire the Assigned Interest and become an Investor, (iii) from
and after the Effective Date, it shall be bound by the provisions of the Note Purchase Agreement as an Investor thereunder and,
to the extent of the Assigned Interest, shall have the obligations of an Investor thereunder, (iv) it is sophisticated with respect
to decisions to acquire assets of the type represented by the Assigned Interest and either it, or the Person exercising discretion
in making its decision to acquire the Assigned Interest, is experienced in acquiring assets of such type, (v) it has received
and/or had the opportunity to review a copy of the Note Purchase Agreement to the extent it has in its sole discretion deemed
necessary, together with copies of the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 7(a)(i) and (ii) thereof (or, prior to the first such delivery, the financial statements referred to in Section 2(e)(i) and (ii) thereof), as applicable, and such other documents and information as it has in its sole discretion deemed appropriate to make
its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and Assumption and to purchase the Assigned Interest on the
basis of which it has made such analysis and decision independently and without reliance on the Notes Agent, the Collateral Agent,
the Assignor or any other Investor or any of their respective Related Parties and (vi) attached to this Assignment and Assumption
is any documentation required to be delivered by it pursuant to the terms of the Note Purchase Agreement, duly completed and executed
by the Assignee (including, if applicable, a completed administrative questionnaire, tax forms, know your customer
documentation and an executed Joinder Agreement (as defined in the Collateral Agency Agreement)); (b) agrees that
it will, independently and without reliance on the Notes Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Assignor or any other Investor, and
based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in
taking or not taking action under the Transaction Documents; (c) appoints and authorizes the Notes Agent and the Collateral Agent
to take such action as agents on its behalf and to exercise such powers under the Note Purchase Agreement and the other Transaction
Documents as are delegated to or otherwise conferred upon the Notes Agent and the Collateral Agent, respectively, by the terms
thereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto; and (d) agrees that it will perform in accordance with
their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Transaction Documents are required to be performed by it as an Investor.

2. Payments.
From and after the Effective Date, the Note Obligors shall make all payments in respect of the Assigned Interest (including payments
of principal, interest, fees and other amounts) to the Assignee whether such amounts have accrued prior to or on or after the
Effective Date. The Assignor and the Assignee shall make all appropriate adjustments in payments by the Note Obligors for periods
prior to the Effective Date or with respect to the making of this assignment directly between themselves.

3. Effect
of Assignment. Upon the delivery of a fully executed original hereof to the Notes Agent, as of the Effective Date, (i) the
Assignee shall be a party to the Note Purchase Agreement and, to the extent of the Assigned Interest and as provided in this Assignment
and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of an Investor thereunder and under the other Transaction Documents and (ii) the
Assignor shall, to the extent as provided in this Assignment and Assumption, relinquish its rights and be released from its obligations
under the Note Purchase Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to the extent of the Assigned Interest.

4. General
Provisions. This Assignment and Assumption shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their
respective successors and assigns. This Assignment and Assumption may be executed in any number of counterparts, which together
shall constitute one instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Assignment and Assumption by
telecopy or other means of electronic imaging shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Assignment
and Assumption. THIS ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF
NEW YORK.

ANNEX
E

[Attached]

THIS
NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED OR QUALIFIED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, (THE ACT) OR THE SECURITIES
LAWS OF ANY JURISDICTION AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, ASSIGNED, ENCUMBERED, HYPOTHECATED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED
OF EXCEPT (I) PURSUANT TO A REGISTRATION STATEMENT WITH RESPECT TO SUCH SECURITIES THAT IS EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT
OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAW, OR (II) IN A TRANSACTION THAT DOES NOT REQUIRE REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR APPLICABLE
STATE SECURITIES LAW, INCLUDING PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A OR TO PERSONS OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES PURSUANT TO REGULATION
S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, PROVIDED THAT, EXCEPT IN THE CASE OF ANY TRANSACTION EXEMPT FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF
THE SECURITIES ACT PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A OR TO PERSONS OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES PURSUANT TO REGULATION S UNDER
THE SECURITIES ACT, AN OPINION OF COUNSEL SHALL BE FURNISHED TO THE NOTE OBLIGORS (IF REQUESTED BY THE NOTE OBLIGORS), IN FORM
AND SUBSTANCE REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE NOTE OBLIGORS, TO THE EFFECT THAT SUCH TRANSACTION DOES NOT REQUIRE REGISTRATION
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND/OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAW.

THE
FOLLOWING INFORMATION IS PROVIDED PURSUANT TO TREAS. REG. SECTION 1.1275-3: THIS DEBT INSTRUMENT IS ISSUED WITH ORIGINAL ISSUE
DISCOUNT. THE NOTE OBLIGORS WILL MAKE AVAILABLE ON REQUEST TO THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION: ISSUE PRICE,
AMOUNT OF ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT, ISSUE DATE, AND YIELD. THE ADDRESS OF THE NOTE OBLIGORS IS: SONDER HOLDINGS INC., 447 SUTTER
ST. SUITE 405, #542, SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94108, ATTENTION: CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER. 

THE
HOLDER MAY NOT, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, TRANSFER THIS NOTE, EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 10 AND SECTION 11 HEREOF.

ANYTHING
HEREIN TO THE CONTRARY NOTWITHSTANDING, THE LIENS AND SECURITY INTERESTS SECURING THE OBLIGATIONS EVIDENCED BY THIS NOTE, THE
EXERCISE OF ANY RIGHT OR REMEDY WITH RESPECT THERETO, AND CERTAIN OF THE RIGHTS OF THE HOLDER HEREOF ARE SUBJECT TO THE PROVISIONS
OF THE INTERCREDITOR AND SUBORDINATION AGREEMENT DATED AS OF DECEMBER 21, 2022 (AS AMENDED, RESTATED, SUPPLEMENTED, OR OTHERWISE
MODIFIED FROM TIME TO TIME, THE SUBORDINATION AGREEMENT), BY AND AMONG SILICON VALLEY BANK, A DIVISION OF FIRST-CITIZENS
BANK & TRUST COMPANY, AS SENIOR LENDER, THE SUBORDINATED CLAIMHOLDERS PARTY THERETO, AND ACKNOWLEDGED BY SONDER USA INC.,
SONDER HOLDINGS, INC., SONDER HOSPITALITY USA INC. AND CERTAIN OTHER OBLIGORS. IN THE EVENT OF ANY CONFLICT BETWEEN THE TERMS
OF THE SUBORDINATION AGREEMENT AND THIS NOTE, THE TERMS OF THE SUBORDINATION AGREEMENT SHALL GOVERN AND CONTROL.

SUBORDINATED
SECURED SECOND ADDITIONAL NOTE

Issuance
Date: August 13, 2024 (the Issuance Date)

Original
Principal Amount: $[ ]

Note
No.: N-[ ]

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the Note Obligors (as defined in the Note Purchase Agreement), hereby promise to pay [Holder] or its
registered assigns (the Holder) the amount set out above as the Original Principal Amount, as such amount
may be (i) increased pursuant to the payment of PIK Interest or (ii) reduced pursuant to any redemption or repayment effected
in accordance with the terms hereof or the terms of the Note Purchase Agreement (the balance of such amount from time to time
being the Outstanding Principal Balance), when due, whether upon the Maturity Date, redemption, acceleration
or otherwise (in each case in accordance with the terms hereof). This note (including all notes issued in exchange, transfer or
replacement hereof, this Note) is issued pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement (as defined below).

SECTION
1. DEFINITIONS. Capitalized terms used herein and not defined below shall have the respective meanings set forth in the
Note Purchase Agreement. The following terms used in this Note will have the respective meanings set forth below:

2026
PIK Option shall have the meaning specified in
Section 3.

2026
PIK Interest
Payment Due
Date shall have the meaning specified in
Section 3.

Affiliate
means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls
or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified including, without limitation, any general partner, managing
member, officer, director, trustee or manager of such person and any venture capital fund, private equity fund, investment firm
or registered investment company now or hereafter existing that is controlled by one or more general partners or managing members
of, or is under common investment management with, such Person.

Applicable
Rate means, with respect to interest payable on an Interest Payment Due Date for the period since the immediately preceding
Interest Payment Due Date (or, if no preceding Interest Payment Due Date, since the Issuance Date) (such period, the Interest
Period), (a) the greater of (x) Three-Month
SOFR Rate plus the Term SOFR Adjustment and (y) 1.00%, plus (b) 9.00%, plus (c) solely in respect
of a 2026 PIK Interest Payment Due Date, 2.007.00%.

Asset
Sale Pro Rata Portion means an amount equal to (a) (i) any Available Excess Proceeds, multiplied by (ii) the fraction
obtained by dividing the Outstanding Principal Balance of this Note by the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balances of all then-
outstanding Notes.

2

Average
Interest Rate means, with respect to any period specified in clauses (a) through (d) of the definition of Note Redemption
Amount, the average of the interest rates per annum in effect (excluding any Default Rate) on each day for the period beginning
on thefirst day of the period specified in such
clause and ending on the day prior to the Redemption Date.

Benchmark
means, initially, the Three-Month SOFR Rate, as defined above; provided that
if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to Three-Month SOFR Rate
or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement.

Benchmark
Replacement means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Required Investors
(in consultation with the Note Obligors) as of the Benchmark Replacement Date:

(i) Daily
Simple SOFR; or

(ii) (b)
the sum of: (i) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Calculation Agent and the Note Obligors giving due
consideration to (A) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate
by the Relevant Governmental Body or (B) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as
a replacement to the then-current Benchmark for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities and (ii) the related Benchmark
Replacement Adjustment;

provided,
that in each case, such Benchmark Replacement shall be administratively feasible for the Calculation Agent.

Benchmark
Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark
Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive
or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Required Investors and the Issuer giving due consideration to (a) any
selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement
of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body or (b) any evolving or
then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment,
for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit
facilities.

The
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment shall not include the 7.00% margin specified herein and such margin shall be applied to the Benchmark
Replacement to determine the interest payable on the Note.

Benchmark
Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational
changes (including changes to the definitions or interpretations of Interest Period, the timing and frequency of determining rates
and making payments of interest, the rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Required Investors
(after consultation with the Note Obligors) may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit
the administration thereof by the Calculation Agent in a manner substantiallyconsistent
with market practice (or, if the Required Investors decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively
feasible or if the Required Investors determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such
other manner as the Required Investors determines is reasonably practicable); provided that any such changes shall be administratively
feasible for the Calculation Agent.

3

Benchmark
Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark:

(i) in
the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (x) the date of the
public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (y) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark
permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark; or

(ii) in
the case of clause (iii) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the date of the public statement or publication
of information referenced therein.

For
the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than,
the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the
Reference Time for such determination.

Benchmark
Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark:

(i) a
public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that such administrator
has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark, permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark;

(ii) a
public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark, the central
bank for the currency of the Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark, a resolution
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution
authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the Benchmark has ceased or will cease
to provide the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark; or

(iii) a
public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark announcing
that the Benchmark is no longer representative.

4

Calculation
Agent means the Parent.

Capital
Stock means, for any Person, any and all shares, interests, rights to purchase, warrants, options, participations or
other equivalents of, or interest in (howsoeverdesignated),
the equity of such Person, but excluding any debt securities convertible into such equity.

Change
of Control means (a) at any time, any person or group (as such terms are used in Sections
13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) shall become the beneficial owner (as defined
in Rules 13(d)-3 and 13(d)-5 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), directly or indirectly, of fifty percent
(50%) or more of the ordinary voting power for the election of directors of the Parent (determined on a fully diluted basis);
(b) the Parent shall cease to have the ability to, directly or indirectly, elect (either through share ownership or contractual
voting rights) a majority of the board of directors or equivalent governing body of any other Issuer Party, except to the extent
expressly permitted by Section 8(g) of the Note Purchase Agreement; or (c) any Issuer Party shall cease to own and control,
of record and beneficially, directly or indirectly, 100% of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by the issued and
outstanding Equity Interests of its Subsidiaries on a fully diluted basis (which for this purpose shall exclude all Equity Interests
that have not yet vested), free and clear of all Liens (except Liens created by the Security Documents, Liens permitted by Section
8(b)(xiii) of the Note Purchase Agreement and non-consensual Permitted Liens that are being contested in good faith); provided that this clause (c) shall not apply to Sonder Canada so long as Parent and its Subsidiaries own and control, of record and
beneficially, directly or indirectly, at least 73% of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by the issued and outstanding
Equity Interests of Sonder Canada; provided further that, with respect to any Subsidiary formed in a jurisdiction where
a law, rule or regulation of such jurisdiction restricts the applicable Issuer Party from owning and controlling, of record and
beneficially, directly or indirectly, one hundred percent (100%) of each class of outstanding Equity Interest of such Subsidiary,
in each case, this clause (c) shall not apply so long as (x) such Issuer Party owns and controls no less than ninety-nine percent
(99%) (or such lesser amount representing the maximum amount of Equity Interests such Issuer Party is permitted to own and control)
of each class of outstanding Equity Interests of such Subsidiary free and clear of all Liens (except Liens created by the Security
Agreement, Liens permitted by Section 8(b)(xiii) of the Note Purchase Agreement and non-consensual Permitted Liens that
are being contested in good faith) and (y) such Issuer Party has notified the Investors of such situation and the limitations
of such Subsidiarys jurisdiction; or (d) a change of control or any comparable term under, and as defined
in, any Senior Credit Agreement shall have occurred.

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Merger Transactions shall not be deemed a Change of Control.

Close
of Business means 5:00 p.m., New York City time.

Code
means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

5

Comparable
Treasury Issue means the United States Treasury security selected by the Note Obligors (in consultation with the Required
Investors) as having a maturity comparable to the remaining term of the Notes to be redeemed that would be utilized, at the time
of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing newissues
of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes.

Competitor
means any Person engaged primarily (or as a material portion of its business) in, and including as a platform for, travel, accommodations,
lodging, hospitality services and real estate, and such Persons Affiliates and major investors but shall not include any
Person engaged in the business of making passive investments in such businesses so long as such Person has in place procedures
to prevent the distribution of confidential information that is prohibited under the Transaction Documents; provided, however,
that investments conferring rights to become a director of such Person or an observer of such Persons board of directors
or equivalent governing body shall not be considered passive for purposes of this definition.

Control
means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a
Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled
have meanings correlative thereto.

Conversion
Event shall have the meaning specified in Section 5(a).

Daily
Simple SOFR means, for any day, SOFR, with the conventions for this rate (which will include a lookback) being established
by the Required Investors in accordance with the conventions for this rate selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental
Body for determining Daily Simple SOFR for syndicated business loans; provided that if the Required Investors decide
(in consultation with the Calculation Agent) that any such convention is not administratively feasible, then the Required Investors
may establish another convention in their reasonable discretion.

Debtor
Relief Laws means the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy,
assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor
relief Laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect.

Default
Interest shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(f).

Default
Rate shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(f).

Event
of Default shall have the meaning specified in Section 5.

FATCA
means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Note (or any amended or successor version that is substantively
comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof,
any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices
adopted pursuant to, any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities and implementing such
Sections of the Code.

6

Federal
Reserve Bank of New Yorks Website means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, currently at http://www
newyorkfed.org, or any successor source.

Holder
shall have the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph.

Interest
Payment Due Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 3(c).

Issuance
Date shall have the meaning specified in the preamble of this Note.

Law
means any law (including common law), constitution, statute, treaty, regulation, rule, ordinance, code, ruling, or order of, including
the administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof,
or any agreement with, any Governmental Authority.

Maturity
Date means, December 10, 2027.

Note
Obligations Amount means, as of any date of determination, an amount equal to the sum of (i) the Outstanding Principal
Balance (or portion thereof, if applicable) as of the Close of Business on such date plus (ii) all accrued and unpaid interest
on this Note (or portion thereof, if applicable) through, but excluding such date, which interest is not otherwise included in
such Outstanding Principal Balance.

Note
Purchase Agreement shall mean the Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 10, 2021, by and among the Note Obligors,
the Guarantors and the Investors party thereto, as amended by that certain Omnibus Amendment, dated as of December 21, 2022, that
certain Second Omnibus Amendment, dated as of November 6, 2023, that certain Waiver Forbearance and Third Amendment, dated as
of June 10, 2024, that certain Fourth Amendment, dated as of July 12, 2024 and that certain Waiver, Consent and Fifth Amendment,
dated as of August 13, 2024.

Note
Redemption Amount means, in respect of any portion of the Outstanding Principal Balance redeemed (other than with respect
to an Excess Cash Flow Redemption), an amount, calculated as of the Redemption Date, equal to the corresponding Note Obligations
Amount, plus a premium equal to:

(a) if
the Redemption Date occurs during the period commencing on the calendar day immediately
following the Issuance Date and ending on and including the first anniversary of the
Second Additional Funding Date, the sum of (x) the present value at such Redemption Date
of the interest payments scheduled to be due on each Interest Payment Due Date occurring
after the Redemption Date and on or prior to the first anniversary of the Second Additional
Funding Date in respect of the Outstanding Principal Balance being redeemed, determined
using a discount rate equal to the Treasury Rate plus 50 basis points, and (y) 100% of
(i) the Average Interest Rate multiplied by (ii) the portion of the Outstanding
Principal Balance being redeemed, minus (z) any accrued and unpaid interest in
respect of the Outstanding Principal Balance being redeemed;

7

(b) if
the Redemption Date occurs during the period commencing on the calendar day immediately
following the first anniversary of the Second Additional Funding Date and ending on and
including the second anniversary of the Second Additional Funding Date, 100% of (x) the
Average Interest Rate multiplied by (y) the portion of the Outstanding Principal Balance
being redeemed;

(c) if
the Redemption Date occurs during the period commencing on the calendar day immediately
following the second anniversary of the Second Additional Funding Date and ending on
and including the third anniversary of the Second Additional Funding Date, 75% of (x)
the Average Interest Rate multiplied by (y) the portion of the Outstanding Principal
Balance being redeemed;

(d) if
the Redemption Date occurs during the period commencing on the calendar day immediately
following the third anniversary of the Second Additional Funding Date and ending on and
including the fourth anniversary of the Second Additional Funding Date, 25% of (x) the
Average Interest Rate multiplied by (y) the portion of the Outstanding Principal
Balance being redeemed; or

(e) if
the Redemption Date occurs after the fourth anniversary of the Second Additional Funding
Date, zero.

Notes
shall mean the notes issued pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement.

Open
of Business means 9:00 a.m., New York City time.

Original
Principal Amount shall have the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph.

Outstanding
Principal Balance shall have the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph.

Periodic
Term SOFR Determination Day shall have the meaning specified in Section 3(g)(i).

PIK
Interest means accrued interest that is added to the Outstanding Principal Balance pursuant to Section 3.
All interest accrued at the Default Rate shall be PIK Interest.

Qualified
Transferee means any Person (other than a natural person) that (i) is a commercial bank, insurance company, investment
or mutual fund or other entity that is an accredited investor (as defined in Regulation D under the Securities Act),
or (ii) has total assets (in name or under management) in excess of $250,000,000 and (except with respect to a pension advisory
firm, fund manager or its managed funds or similar fiduciary or investment vehicle) total capital/statutory surplus in excess
of $100,000,000, in each case other than any Competitor.

8

Second
Additional Funding Date means the date of the Second Additional Funding Event.

Redemption
Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 4(a).

Redemption
Notice shall have the meaning specified in Section 4(a).

Reference
Time with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (i) if the Benchmark is the Three-Month SOFR Rate, 11:00
a.m., New York time, on the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day, and (ii) if the Benchmark is not the Three-Month SOFR Rate,
the time determined by the Required Investors in accordance with the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes.

Register
shall have the meaning specified in Section 10(b).

Registered
Notes shall have the meaning specified in Section 10(b).

Relevant
Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially
endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto.

Replacement
Notes shall have the meaning specified in Section 11(a).

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

SOFR
means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator.

SOFR
Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing
rate).

Surviving
Person means the surviving Person in a merger, consolidation or similar transaction involving the Parent.

Tax
or Taxes means any and all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, charges, withholdings
(including backup withholding) imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable
thereto.

Term
SOFR Adjustment means 0.26161% per annum.

Term
SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term
SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion).

Term
SOFR Reference Rate means the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR.

Three-Month
SOFR Rate shall have the meaning specified in Section 3(g).

9

Transferee
means the transferee designated by the Holder.

Treasury
Rate means, with respect to any Note Redemption Amount calculated pursuant to clause (a) of the definition of such
term, (i) the yield, under the heading which represents the average for the immediately preceding week, appearing in the most
recently published statistical release designated H.15(519) or any successor publication which ispublished
weekly by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and which establishes yields on actively traded United States Treasury
securities adjusted to constant maturity under the caption Treasury Constant Maturities, for the maturity most closely
corresponding to length of time that will elapse between the Redemption Date and the first anniversary of the Second Additional
Funding Date or (ii) if such release (or any successor release) is not published during the week preceding the Redemption Date
or does not contain such yields, the rate per annum equal to the annualized yield to maturity of the Comparable Treasury Issue,
in either case as calculated on the third Business Day preceding the Redemption Date.

Unadjusted
Benchmark Replacement means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.

U.S.
Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (a) a Saturday, (b) a
Sunday or (c) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments
of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities.

SECTION
2. PAYMENT OF PRINCIPAL. If this Note has not yet been redeemed or otherwise repaid, the Note Obligations Amount (and all
other outstanding Obligations) as of the Maturity Date shall be due and payable on the Maturity Date.

SECTION
3. PAYMENT OF INTEREST.

(a) During
the term of this Note, interest shall accrue on the Outstanding Principal Balance at the Applicable Rate (or the Default Rate
to the extent provided in Section 3(f)) per annum from, and including, the Issuance Date until, but excluding, the Maturity
Date. TheOther than
in the case of Default Interest, the Note Obligors shall give the Holder notice of the form, rate and amount of each
interest payment (including whether such interest payment shall be paid in cash, as PIK Interest by adding such accrued interest
to the Outstanding Principal Balance or a combination thereof (including detail as to such combination)) no later than the tenth
Business Day prior to each Interest Payment Due Date.

(b) The
accrual of interest on this Note (other than Default Interest) as
of any date will be calculated based on the Outstanding Principal Balance of this Note as of the Close of Business on the immediately
preceding Interest Payment Due Date (or, if there is no preceding Interest Payment Due Date following the Issuance Date, on the
Issuance Date).

10

(c) Accrued
interest (other than Default Interest) shall be payable
quarterly in arrears on March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31 of each year, commencing on September 30, 2024 (each,
an Interest Payment Due Date). On each Interest Payment Due Date prior to and including MarchDecember
31, 20252026,
such accrued interest shall be payable at the Note Obligors election, in cash, as PIK Interest by adding such accrued interest
to the Outstanding Principal Balance or a combination thereof, as set forth in the definition of Applicable Rate. At
the option of the Note Obligors, the PIK Interest
election may be extended through the December 31, 2025 Interest Payment Due Date. At the option of the Note Obligors, the PIK
Interest election may be further extended through the December 31, 2026 Interest Payment Due Date (the 2026 PIK Option
and each Interest Payment Due Date ending March 31, 2026, June 30, 2026, September 30, 2026 and December 31, 2026 in which the
2026 PIK Option is exercised, a 2026 PIK Interest Payment Due Date). On each Interest Payment
Due Date occurring after the March 31, 2025 Interest Payment Due Date, or, if the PIK Interest
election option is extended by the Holders, after the December 31, 2025 Interest Payment Due Date, or, if the PIK Interest election
option is extended by the Holders, after the December 31, 2026 Interest
Payment Due Date, such accrued interest shall be paid in cash. In the event that the Note Obligors do not elect with respect to
an applicable Interest Payment Due Date whether to pay interest as PIK Interest or in cash or a combination thereof on or before
an Interest Payment Due Date, the Note Obligors shall be deemed to elect to pay such accrued interest due on such Interest Payment
Due Date as PIK Interest (and shall notify the Notes Agent of such and request Notes Agent to update the Register accordingly).
The To the extent
the Three-Month SOFR Rate is
a component of the Applicable
Rate, the Issuance Date and the date on which each Interest Payment Due Date occurs shall be a SOFR Rate
Determination Date. If any Interest Payment Due Date or SOFR Rate Determination Date would otherwise be a day that
is not a Business Day (other than the Interest Payment Due Date that is also the Maturity Date), such Interest Payment Due Date
or SOFR Rate Determination Date will be postponed to the immediately succeeding day that is a Business Day, except that if that
Business Day is in the immediately succeeding calendar month, the Interest Payment Date shall be the immediately preceding Business
Day.

(d) Any
Except as provided in
Section 3(f) below, any accrued interest paid as PIK
Interest will be effective at the Open of Business on such Interest Payment Due Date. Interest shall accrue and shall be computed
on the basis of a 360-day year and the actual number of days elapsed in such period.

(e) On
each Interest Payment Due Date, the Note Obligors shall notify Notes Agent of any accrued PIK Interest and request Notes Agent
make a record on the Register of the Outstanding Principal Balance of this Note due to any accrued PIK Interest, each Note shall
represent the increased Outstanding Principal Balance, and no separate Note will be issued with respect to such accrued PIK Interest.

(f) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, following the occurrence and during the continuance
of any Event of Default, the Note Obligors shall pay interest (Default Interest) at a rate equal
to the interest rate otherwise applicable plus 2.00% (the Default Rate) on (i) the Outstanding Principal
Balance, and (ii) to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the amount of any interest, fee or other amount payable hereunder
that is not paid when due, from the date such amount shall be due until such amount shall be paid in full,.
Default Interest shall be payable in arrears on the date
such amount shall be paid in full and on demand.daily
based on the Outstanding
Principal Balance of this Note and (to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law) the amount of any unpaid interest, fees
and other amounts as of the Close of Business on the immediately preceding calendar day. Such
accrued Default Interest shall be paid as
PIK
Interest by
adding such accrued Default Interest to the Outstanding Principal Balance.

11

(g) SOFR
Matters.TheTo
the extent the Three-Month SOFR Rate is a component
of the Applicable Rate, the Three-Month SOFR Rate shall
be calculated as of each SOFR Rate Determination Date and apply from such date until the succeeding SOFR Rate Determination Date.
For each such Interest Period beginning on a SOFR Rate Determination Date, Three-Month SOFR Rate means the
rate determined in accordance with the following provisions:

(i) the
Calculation Agent will determine the Three-Month SOFR Rate, which will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a three month tenor
on the day (such day, the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day) that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities
Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator;
provided, however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference
Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect
to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Three-Month SOFR Rate will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a three
month tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which
such Term SOFR Reference Rate for a three month tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding
U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Periodic
Term SOFR Determination Day.

(ii) If
the Three-Month SOFR Rate cannot be determined as described above on the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day, the rate for the
Interest Period following the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day will be the rate in effect on the immediately prior Periodic
Term SOFR Determination Day.

Notwithstanding
clause (i) and clause (ii) above, if the Required Investors (in consultation with the Note Obligors) determine on or prior to
the relevant Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date
(each, as defined herein) have occurred with respect to Three-Month SOFR Rate (or the then-current Benchmark, as applicable),
then the provisions set forth below under Effect of Benchmark Transition Event, which are referred to as the benchmark
transition provisions, will thereafter apply to all determinations of the rate of interest payable on the Notes. In accordance
with the benchmark transition provisions, after a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred,
the amount of interest that will be payable for each Interest Period will be an annual rate equal to the sum of (1) the greater
of (x) the Benchmark Replacement (as defined herein) and (y) 1.00% and (2) 7.00%. In the event that SOFR or applicable Benchmark
is not available on any determination date, then unless the Calculation Agent is notified in writing by the Note Obligors and
the Required Investors of a Benchmark Replacement in accordance with the terms of this Note within three (3) U.S. Government Securities
Business Days the Calculation Agent shall use the interest rate in effect for the immediately prior Interest Period.

12

All
percentages resulting from any calculation of any interest rate for this Note will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with five one-millionths of a percentage point rounded upwards (e.g., 3.456789% (or
.03456789) being rounded to 3.45679% (or .0345679)) and all dollar amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be
rounded to the nearest cent (with one-half cent being rounded upwards). Any percentage resulting from any calculation of any interest
rate for this Note less than 0.00% will be deemed to be 0.00% (or .0000).

Absent
willful misconduct, bad faith or manifest error, the calculation of the applicable interest rate for each Interest Period by the
Calculation Agent will be final and binding on the Note Obligors and the Holders.

The
Calculation Agent shall not have any liability for any delay, error or inaccuracy in the publication of any interest rate published
by any publication that is the source for determining the interest rates of the Notes, or for any rates published on any publicly
available source, including without limitation the Federal Reserve Bank of New Yorks Website or the Term SOFR Administrators
website, or in any of the foregoing cases for any subsequent correction or adjustment thereto.

Any
determination, decision or election that may be made by the Required Investors (in consultation with the Note Obligors) in connection
with a Benchmark Transition Event or a Benchmark Replacement, including any determination with respect to a rate or adjustment
or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action
or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in the Required Investors sole discretion,
and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Transaction Documents, will become effective without consent from any other
party, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 3(g).

(h) Effect
of Benchmark Transition Event.

(i) Benchmark
Replacement. If the Required Investors determine that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date
have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any determination of the Benchmark on any date, the Benchmark Replacement
will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of such determination on such date and
all determinations on all subsequent dates.

13

(ii) Benchmark
Replacement Conforming Changes. In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Required Investors will
have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time.

(iii) Decisions
and Determinations. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Required Investors pursuant to the benchmark
replacement provisions described in this Section 3(h), including any determination with respect to tenor, rate or adjustment
or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action
or any selection:

(1) will
be conclusive and binding absent manifest error;

(2) if
made by the Required Investors, will be made in its sole discretion; and

(3) shall
become effective without consent from any other party.

SECTION
4. REDEMPTION.

(a) Redemption
at the Option of the Note Obligors. The Note Obligors shall have the right to redeem the Note, in whole or in part, for an
amount in cash equal to the Note Redemption Amount in respect of all or a portion of the Outstanding Principal Balance, as the
case may be, on or about the date specified (the Redemption Date) in a written notice to Holder (the Redemption
Notice) that shall be delivered not less than ten (10) Business Days prior to the proposed Redemption Date, provided
that any such redemption shall be made pro rata with respect to all Notes then outstanding and such Redemption Notice may be made
contingent upon the consummation or completion of another transaction.

(b) Offer
to Redeem upon a Change of Control. If a Change of Control shall occur, the Note Obligors shall, not later than three (3)
Business Days after the occurrence of such Change of Control, give written notice to the Holder and offer to redeem this Note
for an amount in cash equal to the Note Redemption Amount in respect of the Outstanding Principal Balance; provided that the Note
Redemption Amount payable upon a redemption resulting from a Change of Control shall be equal to at least 101% of the Outstanding
Principal Balance redeemed. Holder may accept such redemption offer by written notice to the Note Obligors not later than five
(5) Business Days after delivery of such notice and the Note Obligors shall make payment on the redemption within three (3) Business
Days of its receipt of such notice of acceptance.

14

(c) Offer
to Redeem upon Certain Asset Sales. When the amount of aggregate Available Excess Proceeds from all Dispositions in any fiscal
year exceeds $5,000,000, the Note Obligors shall give prompt written notice to the Holder (the Asset Sale Notice),
which notice shall include a calculation of the Holders Asset Sale Pro Rata Portion and an offer to redeem a portion of
this Note (the Asset Redemption Offer) equal to the Holders Asset Sale Pro Rata Portion by making
a cash payment in the amount of the applicable Asset Sale Pro Rata Portion plus accrued and unpaid interest on such amount at
the Applicable Rate. Holder may accept such redemption offer by written notice to the Note Obligors not later than five (5) Business
Days after delivery of the Asset Sale Notice and the Note Obligors shall make payment on the redemption within three (3) Business
Days of its receipt of such notice of acceptance. The Note Obligors may use any remaining portion of such Available Excess Proceeds
that is not applied to purchase Notes because an Asset Redemption Offer is not accepted for general corporate purposes, the repayment
of Indebtedness or as otherwise required pursuant to its other contractual requirements. Upon completion of such Asset Redemption
Offer, the amount of Available Excess Proceeds shall be reset at zero.

(d) Mechanics
of Redemption and Repayment of this Note. The following procedures shall apply to redemptions and other repayments of the
amounts due and payable under this Note (other than in connection with any acceleration thereof):

(i) In
connection with any redemption or repayment of this Note in full, the Holder shall surrender this Note to the Note Obligors (or
in the case of the loss, theft or destruction of this Note, provide an indemnification undertaking with respect to this Note that
is reasonably satisfactory to the Note Obligors) no later than the Business Day immediately preceding the Redemption Date or Maturity
Date; provided that failure to timely surrender this Note shall not release the Note Obligors of its obligations hereunder.
In connection with any redemption or repayment on this Note in part, the Holder shall not surrender this Note to the Note Obligors
and the Outstanding Principal Balance of this Note shall be adjusted on the Note Obligors records to reflect such partial
redemption or repayment.

(ii) On
the Redemption Date or Maturity Date, the Note Obligors shall pay any amount due and payable under the terms of this Note in cash
as of such Redemption Date or the Maturity Date, and provide notice of such payment to the Notes Agent.

SECTION
5. EVENTS OF DEFAULT. Each of the following shall be an Event of Default with respect to this Note:

(a) The
Note Obligors fail to pay any portion of the Note Obligations Amount when due, whether on the Maturity Date, upon redemption,
acceleration, or otherwise.

15

(b) The
Note Obligors (i) elects to pay interest in cash or partially in cash and fails to pay such interest for five (5) Business Days
after the interest becomes due or (ii) fails to pay any other amounts not constituting principal or accrued interest hereunder
or under the Note Purchase Agreement or any other Transaction Document for a period of five (5) Business Days after such amounts
are due.

(c) [Reserved].

(d) Any
representation or warranty made by the Note Obligors in the Note Purchase Agreement or this Note or any amendment or modification
hereof or thereof or waiver hereunder or thereunder, or in any report, certificate furnished pursuant to or in connection with
this Note or the Note Purchase Agreement or any amendment or modification hereof or thereof or waiver hereunder or thereunder,
shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made or deemed made (other than to the extent qualified by materiality
or Material Adverse Effect, in which case, such representation or warranty shall prove to have been incorrect in
any respect).

(e) The
Note Obligors fail to comply with their obligations under Section 8 of the Note Purchase Agreement.

(f) The
Note Obligors fail to comply with their obligations under this Note, the Note Purchase Agreement or any other Transaction Document
(other than as otherwise expressly provided in Section 5(a), Section 5(b), Section 5(d), or Section 5(e)) for thirty
(30) calendar days after the earlier of (i) receipt by the Note Obligors of written notice of the failure to so comply from the
Collateral Agent or the Required Investors or (ii) actual knowledge of such failure by a Responsible Officer of the Note Obligors.

(g) The
Note Obligors or any of their Subsidiaries shall fail to perform or comply with any term, covenant, condition or agreement contained
in any agreement(s) or instrument(s) governing any Indebtedness for borrowed money in an amount in excess of $275,000 and the
holder or holder of such Indebtedness shall have accelerated the maturity thereof.

(h) (i)
One or more judgments for the payment of money in excess of $275,000 in the aggregate, to the extent not adequately covered by
insurance as to which a solvent and unaffiliated insurance company has acknowledged coverage, shall be rendered against the Note
Obligors, any of its Subsidiaries or any combination thereof (to the extent not paid or covered by a reputable and solvent independent
third-party insurance company which has not disputed coverage) and the same shall remain undischarged for a period of thirty (30)
consecutive calendar days during which execution shall not be effectively stayed (or an action of similar effect in any jurisdiction
outside the U.S.), or any action shall be legally taken by a judgment creditor to attach or levy upon any assets of the Note Obligors
or any of its Subsidiaries to enforce any such judgment and such action shall not be stayed (or an action of similar effect in
any jurisdiction outside the U.S.) or (ii) any nonmonetary judgment, writ or warrant of attachment or similar process shall be
entered or filed against Note Obligors or any Subsidiary or any combination thereof or any of their respective assets and shall
remain undischarged, unvacated, unbonded or unstayed (or an action of similar effect in any jurisdiction outside the U.S.) for
a period of ninety (90) consecutive calendar days and such non-monetary judgment, writ, warrant of attachment or similar process
would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

16

(i) (i)
Any material provision of the Transaction Documents, at any time after its execution and delivery and for any reason other than
(x) as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder, (y) as a result of acts or omissions by the Collateral Agent or any Investor,
or (z) the satisfaction in full of all the Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations not then due), ceases
to be in full force and effect, (ii) any Issuer Party or other Subsidiary of the Note Obligors contests in writing the validity
or enforceability of any provision of any Transaction Document or the validity or priority of a Lien as required by the Collateral
Documents on the Collateral, (iii) the Collateral Agent shall not have or shall cease to have a valid and perfected Lien in any
material portion of the Collateral purported to be covered by the Collateral Documents with the priority required by the relevant
Collateral Document or (iv) any Issuer Party or other Subsidiary of the Note Obligors denies in writing that it has any or further
liability or obligation under any Transaction Document (other than (x) as a result of repayment in full of the Obligations
or (y) in accordance with its terms), or purports in writing to revoke or rescind any Transaction Document (other than in accordance
with its terms).

(j) The
Note Obligors or any Guarantor, pursuant to or within the meaning of any Debtor Relief Law:

(i) commences
proceedings to be adjudicated bankrupt or insolvent;

(ii) consents
to the institution of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings against it, or the filing by it of a petition or answer or consent
seeking an arrangement of debt, reorganization, dissolution, winding up or relief under applicable Debtor Relief Laws;

(iii) consents
to the appointment of a receiver, interim receiver, receiver and manager, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or other
similar official of it or for all or substantially all of its property; or

(iv) makes
a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors.

(k) A
court of competent jurisdiction enters an order or decree under any Debtor Relief Law (which order or decree remains unstayed
and in effect for sixty (60) consecutive calendar days) that:

(i) is
for relief against the Note Obligors or any Guarantor in a proceeding in which the Note Obligors or any Guarantor is to be adjudicated
bankrupt or insolvent;

17

(ii) appoints
a receiver, interim receiver, receiver and manager, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or other similar official of the
Note Obligors or any Guarantor, or for all or substantially all of the property of the Note Obligors or any Guarantor; or

(iii) orders
the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Note Obligors or any Guarantor.

SECTION
6. REMEDIES. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default that has not been timely cured as provided herein:

(a) Acceleration
of Note. In the case of an Event of Default of the type specified in Section 5(j) or Section 5(k), the Note Redemption Amount will become immediately due and payable, without any further notice and without any presentment,
demand, or protest of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Note Obligors. If any other Event of Default occurs
and is continuing, the Required Investors may (i) declare the outstanding Note Redemption Amount, to be immediately due and payable
(with notice thereof to Collateral Agent), whereupon the same will become forthwith due and payable, and (ii) cause the
Collateral Agent to enforce any and all Liens and security interests created pursuant to the Collateral Documents.

(b) Waiver
of Default. The Required Investors may (upon execution of a written instrument) rescind any acceleration or waive any existing
Event of Default, together with any of the consequences of such Event of Default; provided that an Event of Default of the type
specified in Section 5(j) or Section 5(k) may only be waived and any acceleration with respect thereto
only rescinded in respect of this Note by the Holder. In such event, the Holder and the Note Obligors will be restored to their
respective former positions, rights and obligations hereunder.

(c) Cumulative
Remedies. No failure on the part of the Holder or the Required Investors to exercise and no delay in exercising any right
hereunder will operate as a waiver thereof, nor will any single or partial exercise by the Holder or Required Investors of any
right hereunder preclude any other or further right of exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right. The remedies herein
provided are cumulative and not alternative.

SECTION
7. Reserved.

SECTION
8. VOTING RIGHTS. The Holder shall have no voting rights as the holder of this Note, except as required by New York Law
or as expressly provided in this Note and the Note Purchase Agreement.

SECTION
9. AMENDMENTS. This Note, and any of the terms and provisions hereof, may be amended from time to time as set forth in
the Note Purchase Agreement.

18

SECTION
10. TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS AND RELATED PROVISIONS.

(a) This
Note may not be directly or indirectly offered, sold, assigned or transferred by the Holder without the prior written consent
of the Note Obligors except to a Qualified Transferee. For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 10 shall not restrict the
ability of any direct or indirect parent of the Holder to pledge, mortgage, charge or otherwise dispose of or encumber its assets.
In connection with any assignment or direct transfer of this Note (in whole or in part), the transferor and transferee shall enter
into an Assignment and Assumption Agreement in the form of Exhibit II hereto and provide a copy thereof to Notes
Agent. Any offer, sale, assignment or other transfer of this Note is also subject to the restrictive legends of this Note.

(b) The
Notes Agent shall maintain and keep updated a register (the Register) for the recordation of the names and
addresses of the Holders of this Note and each Replacement Note and the Outstanding Principal Balance of this Note (and accrued
interest) and any Replacement Note (the Registered Notes). The initial address for the Holder of this Note
shall be the address set forth on the Holders signature page hereto and may be updated, from time to time, by written notice
to the Note Obligors and Notes Agent. The entries in the Register shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes absent manifest
error. The Note Obligors, the Collateral Agent and the Holder of this Note or any Replacement Note shall treat each Person
whose name is recorded in the Register as the owner of this Note or the applicable Replacement Note for all purposes, including,
without limitation, the right to receive payments hereunder, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. Upon the written request
of the Holder, the Notes Agent shall provide a copy of the Register to the Holder and backup calculations for the values relating
to this Note in the Register. A Registered Note may be assigned or sold in whole or in part, to the extent permitted pursuant
to Section 10(a) and any other terms hereof, only by registration of such assignment or sale on the Register. Upon
the Notes Agents receipt of a permitted request to assign or sell all or part of any Registered Note by the Holder of the
applicable Registered Note, an Assignment and Assumption Agreement, a Joinder Agreement (as defined in the Collateral Agency Agreement),
any tax forms required by Section 16 and any KYC information required by the Note Purchase Agreement, a processing and recordation
fee of $3,500 to Notes Agent, and the physical surrender of such applicable Registered Note to the Note Obligors, the Notes Agent
shall record the information contained therein in the Register and the Note Obligors shall issue one or more new Registered Notes,
the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of which is the same as the entire Outstanding Principal Balance of the surrendered
Registered Note, to the Transferee pursuant to Section 11. The provisions of this Section 10(b) are
intended to cause the Note to be in registered form as defined in Treasury Regulations Sections 5f.103-1(c) and
1.871-14(c), or Proposed Section 1.163-5(b) (and any successor sections) and shall be interpreted and applied consistently therewith.

19

SECTION
11. REISSUANCE OF THE NOTE.

(a) Transfer.
If this Note is permitted to be transferred, in whole or in part, the Holder shall surrender this Note to the Note Obligors, whereupon
the Note Obligors will issue and deliver a Replacement Note to the Transferee (in accordance with Section 11(d)), representing the Outstanding Principal Balance of this Note being transferred by the Holder and, if less than the entire Outstanding
Principal Balance of this Note held by the Holder is being transferred, a new note (in accordance with Section 11(d)) to the Holder, representing the portion of the Outstanding Principal Balance not being transferred (each, a Replacement
Note and collectively, the Replacement Notes). The Holder and the Transferee, by acceptance of
this Note, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of Section 11(d), following redemption
of any portion of this Note, the Outstanding Principal Balance represented by this Note may be less than the Outstanding Principal
Balance stated on the face of this Note.

(b) Note
Exchangeable for Different Denominations. This Note is exchangeable, upon the surrender hereof by the Holder at the principal
office of the Note Obligors, for Replacement Notes representing in the aggregate the Outstanding Principal Balance of this Note
in accordance with Section 11(d). Each such Replacement Note will represent such portion of such Outstanding Principal
Balance as is designated by the Holder at the time of such surrender. The Original Principal Amount shall be allocated
pro rata between such Replacement Notes based on the Outstanding Principal Balance designated for each.

(c) Lost,
Stolen, Destroyed or Mutilated Note. Upon receipt by the Note Obligors of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Note Obligors
of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Note and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of any indemnification
undertaking by the Holder to the Note Obligors in customary form and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation
of this Note, the Note Obligors shall execute and deliver to the Holder a Replacement Note (in accordance with Section 11(d)),
representing the Outstanding Principal Balance.

(d) Issuance
of Replacement Notes. Whenever the Note Obligors are required to issue a Replacement Note pursuant to the terms of this Note,
such Replacement Note (i) shall be of like tenor with this Note, (ii) shall represent, as indicated on the face of such Replacement
Note, the remaining Outstanding Principal Balance (or, in the case of a Replacement Note being issued pursuant to Section
11(a) or Section 11(c), the Outstanding Principal Balance designated by the Holder which, when added
to the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance represented by the other Replacement Notes issued in connection with such issuance,
does not exceed the remaining Outstanding Principal Balance under this Note immediately prior to such issuance of Replacement
Notes), (iii) shall be deemed to have an Original Principal Amount calculated in accordance with Section 11(b), (iv) shall have an issuance date, as indicated on the face of such Replacement Note, which is the same as the Issuance Date
of this Note, (v) shall be deemed to have accrued its proportional share of the interest under this Note from the immediately
preceding Interest Payment Due Date, (vi)shall have the same rights and conditions as this Note, and (vii) shall be timely prepared
and issued by the Note Obligors. The Note Obligors shall provide Notes Agent with notice of any issuance of Replacement Notes
and the details in respect thereof to permit the Notes Agent to revise the Register.

20

SECTION
12. DISPUTES REGARDING ARITHMETIC CALCULATIONS. If the Holder disagrees with any arithmetic calculations performed by the
Note Obligors pursuant to this Note, the Holder shall submit to the Note Obligors its calculations thereof. If the Holder and
the Note Obligors are unable to agree upon such calculation within five (5) Business Days of the submission by the Holder, then
the Note Obligors shall, within five (5) Business Days thereafter submit the disputed arithmetic calculation to the Note Obligors
independent, outside accountant, or if such accountant is unwilling or prohibited, an accountant reasonably satisfactory to the
parties (which is ranked in the top twenty (20) accounting firms nationally, by revenue). The Note Obligors shall cause such accountant
to perform the calculation and notify the Note Obligors and the Holder of the results no later than ten (10) Business Days from
the time it receives the disputed calculation. The Holder shall pay the costs and expenses of such accountant unless the calculation
of such accountant is mathematically closer to the Holders calculation than the calculation submitted by the Note Obligors,
in which case, the costs and expenses of such accountant shall be paid by the Note Obligors. Such calculation shall be binding
upon all parties absent manifest error.

SECTION
13. NOTICES AND PAYMENTS.

(a) Notices.
All notices, requests, demands, consents, instructions or other communications required or permitted hereunder shall in writing
and mailed or delivered personally, by overnight courier, by electronic mail or other or other electronic transmission to each
party as follows: (i) if to the Holder, at the Holders address set forth in the Register, or (ii) if to the Note Obligors,
at the address set forth on the Note Obligors signature page hereto, or at such other address as the Note Obligors shall
have furnished to the Holder in writing. All such notices and communications will be deemed effectively given the earlier of (i)
when received, (ii) when delivered personally, (iii) one Business Day after being deposited with an overnight courier service
of recognized standing or (iv) four days after being deposited in the U.S. mail, first class with postage prepaid.

(b) Payments.
Whenever any payment of cash is to be made by the Note Obligors to any Person pursuant to this Note, such payment shall be made
in cash via wire transfer of immediately available funds. The Holders wire transfer instructions are attached hereto as
Exhibit I. In the event of a change of Holders wire transfer instructions, Holder shall provide the Note
Obligors and Collateral Agent with five (5) Business Days prior written notice of such change and any amounts paid by the
Note Obligors to the account listed on Exhibit I hereto prior to such notice shall be deemed paid to the Holder.
Whenever any amount expressed to be due by the terms of this Note is due on any day which is not a Business Day, the same shall
instead be due on the next succeeding day which is a Business Day; provided, however, that in the case of any Interest Payment
Due Date on which the Note Obligors is paying PIK Interest and that is not the date on which this Note is paid in full, the extension
of the due date thereof shall not be taken into account for purposes of determining the amount of interest due on such date.

21

SECTION
14. WAIVER OF NOTICE. To the extent permitted by Law, unless otherwise provided herein, the Note Obligors hereby waives
demand, notice, protest and all other demands and notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default or
enforcement of this Note.

SECTION
15. GOVERNING LAW, WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL, JURISDICTION, AND SEVERABILITY.

(a) This
Note and all actions arising out of or in connection with this Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the
laws of the State of New York, without regard to the conflicts of law provisions of the State of New York or of any other state
that would result in the application of the laws of a state other than the State of New York.

(b) By
acceptance of this Note, each of the Note Obligors and the Holder hereby agrees to waive their respective rights to a jury trial
of any claim or cause of action based upon or arising out of this Note or any of the Transaction Documents.

(c) To
the extent permitted by law, each of the Holder and the Note Obligors hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state
and federal courts sitting in the Borough of Manhattan in New York City for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection
herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit,
action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action
or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. Nothing contained
herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by Law.

(d) In
the event that any provision of this Note is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable Law, then such provision shall be deemed
inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such Law. Any such provision
which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any Law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision
of this Note.

SECTION
16. TAX MATTERS.

(a) All
amounts payable or deliverable in respect of this Note, whether in respect of principal, interest (including accrued interest)
or otherwise, will be made free and clear of and without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future Taxes
unless the withholding or deduction of such Taxes is required by Law.

22

(b) Notwithstanding
anything in Section 16(a) to the contrary, all such amounts paid or delivered by or on behalf of the Note Obligors
to (A) any Person who is a United States person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code who has timely provided,
on behalf of itself, a properly completed and valid Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 and (B) any Person other than a United States
person who has timely provided, on behalf of itself and/or its beneficial owners, as applicable, a properly completed and valid
Internal Revenue Service Form W- 8BEN, Form W-8BEN-E or other applicable Internal Revenue Service Form W-8 and such other information
(such as that it and/or its beneficial owner is not a 10% shareholder of the Parent, a controlled foreign corporation to which
the Note Obligors are related, or a bank extending credit to the Note Obligors in the ordinary course of its trade or business)
establishing an exemption from U.S. federal withholding tax, shall be free and clear of and without any deduction or withholding
for or on account of, any U.S. federal income tax, other than any U.S. federal income tax imposed under FATCA, unless the withholding
or deduction of such U.S. federal income tax is required as a result of a change in Law after the date hereof; provided that,
for the avoidance of doubt, any forms or other information provided by a transferor or predecessor with respect to a Person shall
not satisfy the requirements of this sentence with respect to such Person.

(c) The
Note Obligors will furnish to the Holder, within a reasonable time after the date the payment of any taxes withheld or deducted
is made, certified copies of tax receipts evidencing payment by the Note Obligors, or other evidence of payments (reasonably
satisfactory to the Holder).

(d) The
Note Obligors will pay and indemnify the Holder for any present or future stamp, issue, registration, court or documentary Taxes,
or any other excise or property Taxes levied on or in connection with the execution, delivery, issuance, registration or enforcement
of this Note or the receipt of any payments with respect thereto.

SECTION
17. INTERPRETATION. In this Note, unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, all words and personal
pronouns relating thereto shall be read and construed as the number and gender of the party or parties required and the verb shall
be read and construed as agreeing with the required word and pronoun; the division of this Note into Sections and Exhibits and
the use of headings and captions is for convenience of reference only and shall not modify or affect the interpretation or construction
of this Note or any of its provisions; the words herein, hereof, hereunder, hereinafter
and hereto and words of similar import refer to this Note as a whole and not to any particular Section or Exhibit
hereof; the words include, including, and derivations thereof shall be deemed to have the phrase without
limitation attached thereto unless otherwise expressly stated; references to a specified Exhibit or Section shall be construed
as a reference to that specified Exhibit or Section of this Note; and all references to $ or dollars
shall be deemed references to United States dollars.

(Signature
Page Follows)

23

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Note Obligors have caused this Note to be duly executed as of the Issuance Date set out above.

SONDER
HOLDINGS INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

SONDER
HOLDINGS LLC

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

SONDER
USA INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

SONDER
HOSPITALITY USA INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature Page to Subordinated Secured Second Additional Note]

ACKNOWLEDGED
AND ACCEPTED:

[HOLDER]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Address:

[Holder]

[Address]

[Address]

Attention:

Telephone:

Email:

[Signature Page to Amended and Restated Subordinated Secured Note]

Exhibit
I

Holder
Wire Instructions

Exhibit
II

Form
of Assignment and Assumption Agreement

[Sonder
Subordinated Secured Notes]

[FORM OF]

ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT

This
Assignment and Assumption Agreement (the Assignment and Assumption) is dated as of the Effective Date set
forth below and is entered into by and between [NAME OF ASSIGNOR] (the Assignor) and [NAME OF ASSIGNEE] (the
Assignee). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Note
Purchase Agreement identified below (the Note Purchase Agreement), receipt of a copy of which is hereby acknowledged
by the Assignee. The Standard Terms and Conditions set forth in Annex I attached hereto (the Standard Terms and
Conditions) are hereby agreed to and incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this Assignment and Assumption
as if set forth herein in full.

For
an agreed consideration, the Assignor hereby irrevocably sells and assigns to the Assignee, and the Assignee hereby irrevocably
purchases and assumes from the Assignor, subject to and in accordance with the Standard Terms and Conditions and the Note Purchase
Agreement, as of the Effective Date inserted by the Notes Agent as contemplated below (i) all of the Assignors rights and
obligations in its capacity as an Investor under the Note Purchase Agreement and any other documents or instruments delivered
pursuant thereto to the extent related to the amount identified below of all of such outstanding rights and obligations of the
Assignor under the Note Purchase Agreement and (ii) to the extent permitted to be assigned under applicable law, all claims, suits,
causes of action and any other right of the Assignor (in its capacity as an Investor) against any Person, whether known or unknown,
arising under or in connection with the Note Purchase Agreement, any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto
or the transactions governed thereby or in any way based on or related to any of the foregoing, including contract claims, tort
claims, malpractice claims, statutory claims and all other claims at law or in equity related to the rights and obligations sold
and assigned pursuant to clause (i) above (the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) above
being referred to herein collectively as the Assigned Interest). Such sale and assignment is without recourse
to the Assignor and, except as expressly provided in this Assignment and Assumption, without representation or warranty by the
Assignor.

[The
Assignee represents and warrants that it is not a Competitor (as defined in the Note identified below) and (i) is a commercial
bank, insurance company, investment or mutual fund or other entity that is an accredited investor (as defined in
Regulation D under the Securities Act), or (ii) has total assets (in name or under management) in excess of $250,000,000
and (except with respect to a pension advisory firm, fund manager or its managed funds or similar fiduciary or investment vehicle)
total capital/statutory surplus in excess of $100,000,000.]

8

1. Assignor: 

2. Assignee: 

8
Include if the Assignee meets these requirements of a Qualified Transferee as defined in the Note, in which case consent
by the Note Obligors Representative is not required for assignment.

3. Note
Obligors: 

4. Notes
Agent: Alter
Domus (US) LLC

5. Note
Purchase Agreement: Note
and Warrant Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 10, 2021 (as amended by that certain Omnibus Amendment, dated as of December
21, 2022, that certain Second Omnibus Amendment, dated as of November 6, 2023, that certain Waiver Forbearance and Third Amendment,
dated as of June 10, 2024, that certain Fourth Amendment, dated as of July 12, 2024, that certain Waiver, Consent and Fifth
Amendment, dated as of August 13, 2024 and,
that certain Waiver, Consent and Sixth Amendment, dated as of April 11, 2025, and as may be further amended, restated,
amended and restated, supplemented, extended and/or otherwise modified from time to time, the Note Purchase Agreement),
among Sonder Holdings Inc., Sonder USA Inc., Sonder Hospitality USA Inc., Sonder Holdings LLC, the other Note Obligors from
time to time party thereto, the Guarantors from time to time party thereto, and the Persons identified as Investors therein.

6. Assigned
Interest: 

Assigned
Note 

Outstanding
Principal Balance

Note
No. N-[ ] $

Effective
Date: , 20__ [TO BE INSERTED BY NOTES AGENT AND WHICH SHALL BE THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF RECORDATION OF TRANSFER IN THE REGISTER THEREFOR.]

The
Assignee agrees to deliver to the Notes Agent and the Note Obligor Representative a completed questionnaire in which the Assignee
(i) designates one or more credit contacts to whom all information to which Investors are entitled pursuant to the Note Purchase
Agreement (which may contain material non-public information about the Issuer Parties or their respective securities) will be
made available and who may receive such information in accordance with the Assignees compliance procedures and applicable
laws, including Federal and state securities laws, and (ii) provides wire instructions for an account into which all payments
under the Note shall be made.

The
terms set forth in this Assignment and Assumption are hereby agreed to:

ASSIGNOR

[NAME
OF ASSIGNOR],

By: 

Name:

Title:

ASSIGNEE

[NAME
OF ASSIGNEE],

By: 

Name:

Title:

Consented
to and Accepted:

ALTER
DOMUS (US) LLC, as Notes Agent

By: 

Name:

Title:

Consented
to:9

Note
Obligors Representative,

SONDER
HOLDINGS INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

9
Remove consent if transfer is to a Qualified Transferee as defined in the Note and the text bracketed and footnoted 1 on
the first page of this Assignment and Assumption Agreement is being included.

Annex
I

Exhibit II

Sonder
Note Purchase Agreement

Standard
Terms and Conditions for

Assignment and Assumption

1. Representations
and Warranties.

1.1 Assignor.
The Assignor (a) represents and warrants that (i) it is the legal and beneficial owner of the Assigned Interest, (ii) the Assigned
Interest is free and clear of any lien, encumbrance or other adverse claim, and (iii) it has full power and authority, and has
taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated
hereby; and (b) assumes no responsibility with respect to (i) any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection
with the Note Purchase Agreement or any other Transaction Document, (ii) the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness,
sufficiency or value of the Transaction Documents or any collateral thereunder, (iii) the financial condition of the Note Obligors,
any of their Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person obligated in respect of any Transaction Document, (iv) any requirements
under applicable law for the Assignee to become an Investor under the Note Purchase Agreement or to charge interest at the rate
set forth therein from time to time, or (v) the performance or observance by the Note Obligors, any of their Subsidiaries or Affiliates
or any other Person of any of their respective obligations under any Transaction Document.

1.2 Assignee.
The Assignee (a) represents and warrants that (i) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute
and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to become an Investor under
the Note Purchase Agreement and under applicable law, (ii) it satisfies the requirements, if any, specified in the Note Purchase
Agreement that are required to be satisfied by it in order to acquire the Assigned Interest and become an Investor, (iii) from
and after the Effective Date, it shall be bound by the provisions of the Note Purchase Agreement as an Investor thereunder and,
to the extent of the Assigned Interest, shall have the obligations of an Investor thereunder, (iv) it is sophisticated with respect
to decisions to acquire assets of the type represented by the Assigned Interest and either it, or the Person exercising discretion
in making its decision to acquire the Assigned Interest, is experienced in acquiring assets of such type, (v) it has received
and/or had the opportunity to review a copy of the Note Purchase Agreement to the extent it has in its sole discretion deemed
necessary, together with copies of the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 7(a)(i) and (ii) thereof (or, prior to the first such delivery, the financial statements referred to in Section 2(e)(i) and (ii) thereof), as applicable, and such other documents and information as it has in its sole discretion deemed appropriate to make
its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and Assumption and to purchase the Assigned Interest on the
basis of which it has made such analysis and decision independently and without reliance on the Notes Agent, the Collateral Agent,
the Assignor or any other Investor or any of their respective Related Parties and (vi) attached to this Assignment and Assumption
is any documentation required to be delivered by it pursuant to the terms of the Note Purchase Agreement, duly completed and executed
by the Assignee (including, if applicable, a completed administrative questionnaire, tax forms, know your customer
documentation and an executed Joinder Agreement (as defined in the Collateral Agency Agreement)); (b) agrees that
it will, independently and without reliance on the Notes Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Assignor or any other Investor, and
based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in
taking or not taking action under the Transaction Documents; (c) appoints and authorizes the Notes Agent and the Collateral Agent
to take such action as agents on its behalf and to exercise such powers under the Note Purchase Agreement and the other Transaction
Documents as are delegated to or otherwise conferred upon the Notes Agent and the Collateral Agent, respectively, by the terms
thereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto; and (d) agrees that it will perform in accordance with
their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Transaction Documents are required to be performed by it as an Investor.

2. Payments.
From and after the Effective Date, the Note Obligors shall make all payments in respect of the Assigned Interest (including payments
of principal, interest, fees and other amounts) to the Assignee whether such amounts have accrued prior to or on or after the
Effective Date. The Assignor and the Assignee shall make all appropriate adjustments in payments by the Note Obligors for periods
prior to the Effective Date or with respect to the making of this assignment directly between themselves.

3. Effect
of Assignment. Upon the delivery of a fully executed original hereof to the Notes Agent, as of the Effective Date, (i) the
Assignee shall be a party to the Note Purchase Agreement and, to the extent of the Assigned Interest and as provided in this Assignment
and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of an Investor thereunder and under the other Transaction Documents and (ii) the
Assignor shall, to the extent as provided in this Assignment and Assumption, relinquish its rights and be released from its obligations
under the Note Purchase Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to the extent of the Assigned Interest.

4. General
Provisions. This Assignment and Assumption shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their
respective successors and assigns. This Assignment and Assumption may be executed in any number of counterparts, which together
shall constitute one instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Assignment and Assumption by
telecopy or other means of electronic imaging shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Assignment
and Assumption. THIS ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF
NEW YORK.

ANNEX
F

SCHEDULE
V

SCHEDULE
OF SIXTH AMENDMENT WARRANTS

Name Sixth
Amendment Warrant Shares

BlackRock
Strategic Income Opportunities Portfolio of BlackRock Funds V 1,032,088

BlackRock
Global Allocation Fund, Inc. 612,553

BlackRock
Capital Allocation Term Trust 261,005

BlackRock
Total Return Fund of BlackRock Bond Fund, Inc. 262,154

BlackRock
Global Allocation V.I. Fund of BlackRock Variable Series Funds, Inc. 136,707

LVIP
BlackRock Global Allocation Fund 33,652

BlackRock
ESG Capital Allocation Term Trust 155,888

BlackRock
Total Return Bond Fund 88,154

BlackRock
Global Allocation Collective Fund 57,115

Brighthouse
Funds Trust II BlackRock Bond Income Portfolio 43,128

BlackRock
Global Long/Short Credit Fund of BlackRock Funds IV 38,747

BlackRock
Strategic Global Bond Fund, Inc. 22,714

Strategic
Income Opportunities Bond Fund 12,640

For
BlackRock Investment Management (Australia) Limited as responsible entity of the BlackRock Global Allocation Fund 8,692

BlackRock
Global Allocation Portfolio of BlackRock Series Fund, Inc. 4,568

Senator
Global Opportunity Master Fund L.P. 2,230,194

TOTAL 5,000,000

ANNEX
G

OUTSTANDING
PRINCIPAL BALANCE OF NOTES

Name Notes
(issued 

prior to 

Amendment No. 3 

Effective Date) Bridge
Notes First
Additional

Bridge Notes Second
Additional 

Notes Totals

BlackRock
Strategic Income Opportunities Portfolio of BlackRock Funds V 36,831,408.96 2,126,531.55 1,259,665.98 1,519,902.64 41,737,509.13

BlackRock
Global Allocation Fund, Inc. 21,859,778.29 1,262,115.94 747,623.29 902,076.12 24,771,593.63

BlackRock
Capital Allocation Term Trust 9,314,301.39 537,778.94 318,557.14 384,368.42 10,555,005.88

BlackRock
Total Return Fund of BlackRock Bond Fund, Inc. 9,355,328.68 540,147.72 319,960.32 386,061.47 10,601,498.19

BlackRock
Global Allocation V.I. Fund of BlackRock Variable Series Funds, Inc. 4,878,576.43 281,673.90 166,851.52 201,321.68 5,528,423.53

LVIP
BlackRock Global Allocation Fund 1,360,896.67 0 0 0 1,360,896.67

BlackRock
ESG Capital Allocation Term Trust 5,563,077.41 321,194.88 190,262.04 229,568.63 6,304,102.95

BlackRock
Total Return Bond Fund 3,564,937.97 0 0 0 3,564,937.97

BlackRock
Global Allocation Collective Fund 2,309,724.99 0 0 0 2,309,724.99

Brighthouse
Funds Trust II BlackRock Bond Income Portfolio 1,539,077.44 88,861.57 52,637.78 63,512.31 1,744,089.10

BlackRock
Global Long/Short Credit Fund of BlackRock Funds IV 1,382,730.20 79,834.57 47,290.56 57,060.42 1,566,915.74

BlackRock
Strategic Global Bond Fund, Inc. 810,565.99 46,799.57 27,722.07 33,449.21 918,536.84

Strategic
Income Opportunities Bond Fund 511,177.73 0 0 0 511,177.73

For
BlackRock Investment Management (Australia) Limited as responsible entity of the BlackRock Global Allocation Fund 351,503.99 0 0 0 351,503.99

BlackRock
Global Allocation Portfolio of BlackRock Series Fund, Inc. 163,000.27 9,411.13 5,574.74 6,726.43 184,712.57

Senator
Global Opportunity Master Fund L.P. 83,163,405.33 4,411,958.12 2,613,454.57 0 90,188,818.02

TOTALS $182,959,491.74 $9,706,307.88 $5,749,600.01 $3,784,047.33 $202,199,446.95

ANNEX
H

FORM
OF SIXTH AMENDMENT WARRANT

NEITHER
THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THIS WARRANT NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS WARRANT IS EXERCISABLE FOR OR CONVERTIBLE INTO HAVE BEEN
REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED
FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE ACT), OR PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE ACT. THE NUMBER OF SHARES
OF COMMON STOCK ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS WARRANT MAY BE LESS THAN THE AMOUNTS SET FORTH ON THE FACE HEREOF PURSUANT TO SECTION
2 OF THIS WARRANT.

COMMON
STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

SONDER
HOLDINGS INC. 

Warrant Shares: [] Expiration Date: April 11, 2030

THIS
COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, [] or its assigns (the
Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter
set forth, at any time on or after the date the date the Company obtains Stockholder Approval (as defined below) (the Initial
Exercise Date) and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City
time) on April 11, 2030 (the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase
from Sonder Holdings Inc, a Delaware corporation (the Company), up to [] shares (as subject to adjustment
hereunder, the Warrant Shares) of Common Stock. The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this
Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section
1. Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant, the following terms have the meanings indicated
in this Section 1:

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common
control with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed
to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential
employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of
any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks
in The City of New York generally are open for use by customers on such day.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

1

Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.001 per share, and any other class of securities into which
such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to
acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument
that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive,
Common Stock.

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Market
Price means, with respect to any security, as of a particular date (the Valuation Date), the following:
(i) if such security is then quoted on The NASDAQ Global Select Market (the NASDAQGSM), The New York Stock
Exchange (NYSE), The NASDAQ Global Market (the NASDAQGM), Pink OTC Markets (the OTC)
or any similar exchange, quotation system or association (each, a Trading Market), the arithmetic average
of the daily volume weighted average prices, as reported by Bloomberg Financial L.P. (or a comparable service if unavailable),
of one share of such security on the principal Trading Market for the period of five trading days consisting of the trading day
immediately prior to the Valuation Date and the four trading days immediately prior to such date or (ii) in all other cases, the
fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Company,
the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

NPA
means that certain Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 10, 2021, by and among the Company and the other
persons party thereto, as amended.

NPA
Amendment means that certain limited waiver, consent and amendment agreement dated on or about the date hereof that,
among other things, provides for modification of the notes issued pursuant to the NPA, in exchange for the Company issuing this
Warrant, among others.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Stockholder
Approval means the requisite stockholder approval under Section 5635 of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLCs Listed
Company Manual and the requisite stockholder approval to increase the number of authorized shares of Common Stock, each as contemplated
under the Securities Purchase Agreement, each dated on or about the date hereof and between the Company and the purchaser party
thereto.

2

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company
formed or acquired after the date hereof.

Transfer
Agent means Computershare Trust Company, N.A., the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of
150 Royall Street, Canton, MA 02021, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

Section
2. Exercise.

a) Exercise
of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times
on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed PDF
copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit A (the
Notice of Exercise). Within two Business Days following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder will
deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise, at its option, (i) by wire
transfer of immediately available funds or (ii) by cashless exercise as set forth in Section 2(c); provided, however, in the event
that the Holder has not delivered such aggregate Exercise Price within two Business Days following the date of such exercise as
aforesaid, the Company will not be obligated to deliver such Warrant Shares hereunder until such payment is made. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the
Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, at which time,
the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three (3) trading days of the date on which the
final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of
the total number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares
purchasable hereunder by the number of Warrant Shares equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased in connection
with such partial exercise. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and
the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Business Day of receipt
of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions
of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available
for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

b) Exercise
Price. The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $1.00, subject to adjustment hereunder (the
Exercise Price).

c) Cashless
Exercise. In lieu of paying the aggregate Exercise Price for the Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise
by wire transfer of immediately available funds pursuant to Section 2(a), the Holder may elect to exercise the purchase rights
represented by this Warrant by authorizing the Company to withhold and not issue to the Holder, in payment of the Exercise Price
thereof, a number of such Warrant Shares equal to the quotient of (i) the product of (A) number of Warrant Shares for which the
Warrant is being exercised, multiplied by (B) the Exercise Price, divided by (ii) the Market Price on the Exercise Date (and such
withheld Warrant Shares will no longer be issuable under the Warrant, and the Holder will not have any rights or be entitled to
any payment with respect to such withheld Warrant Shares).

3

d) Mechanics
of Exercise.

i. Delivery
of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer
Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository
Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant
in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or
resale of the Warrant Shares by Holder or (B) this Warrant is being exercised via cashless exercise, and otherwise by book-entry
of the Warrant Shares, registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number
of Warrant Shares set forth in the Notice of Exercise to the address specified by the Holder in such Notice of Exercise promptly,
in no event later than two Business Days after delivery of the applicable Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant
Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes
to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective
of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of
a cashless exercise) is received within two Business Days following delivery of the Notice of Exercise. The Company agrees to
maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable.

ii. Delivery
of New Warrant Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder
and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant
evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall
in all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii. No
Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise
of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the
Company shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction
multiplied by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

4

e) Holders
Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to
exercise all or any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such
issuance upon exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates,
and any other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution
Parties)), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes
of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution
Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination
is being made, but shall exclude the number of the Warrant Shares which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining,
nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii)
exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation,
any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein
beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence,
for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act
and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing
to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible
for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e)
applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together
with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion
of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this
Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties)
and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company
shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group
status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a
Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic
or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a
more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding.
Upon the written or oral request of a Holder (which may be via e-mail), the Company shall within one trading day confirm orally
and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares
of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including
this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares
of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% (or, upon election by a
Holder prior to the issuance of any warrants, 9.99%) of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving
effect to the issuance of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase
or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation
in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance
of Warrant Shares upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply.
Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered
to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity
with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with
the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly
give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.
If this Warrant is unexercisable as a result of the Holders Beneficial Ownership Limitation, the Company shall owe no alternate
consideration to the Holder.

5

f) Registration
Rights. The Company agrees that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than thirty (30) calendar days after the Company
has filed its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, it shall use its commercially reasonable
efforts to file with the Commission a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act of the shares of Common
Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant, which may include registering such shares in the registration statement to be filed
with the Commission by the Company to register shares of Common Stock acquired pursuant to transactions exempt from registration
under the Securities Act. The Company shall use its best efforts to cause the same to become effective and to maintain the effectiveness
of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of this Warrant in accordance
with the provisions of this Agreement.

Section
3. Certain Adjustments.

a) Stock
Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise
makes a distribution or distributions on shares of Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in
shares of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any Warrant Shares issued by the Company upon exercise
of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including
by way of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification
of shares of Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied
by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding
immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately
after such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that
the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant remains unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become
effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution
and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or reclassification.

6

b) Dividends.
If the Company, at any time while the Warrant is outstanding and unexpired, shall pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash,
securities or other assets to the holders of the shares of Common Stock on account of such shares of Common Stock (or other shares
of the Companys capital stock into which the Warrant is convertible), other than (a) as described in Section 3(a) above
or (b) in connection with any distribution of its assets upon its liquidation (any such non-excluded event being referred to herein
as an Extraordinary Dividend), then each Holder shall have the right to receive, upon exercise of the Warrant,
the same amount and kind of cash, securities or other assets as it would have been entitled to receive upon the occurrence of
such Extraordinary Dividend if it had been, immediately prior to such Extraordinary Dividend, the holder of the number of share
of Common Stock then issuable upon exercise in full of this Warrant.

c) Fundamental
Transaction. In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (other than a change
under Section 3(a) or Section 3(b) hereof or that solely affects the par value of such shares of Common Stock), or in the case
of any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger in which
the Company is the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding
shares of Common Stock), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property
of the Company as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which the Company is dissolved, the Holder shall
thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in this Warrant
and in lieu of the shares of Common Stock of the Company immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise
of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of shares of stock or other securities or property (including cash) receivable
upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer,
that the Holder would have received if the Holder had exercised this Warrant immediately prior to such event (the Alternative
Issuance); provided, however, that (i) if the holders of the shares of Common Stock were entitled to exercise a right
of election as to the kind or amount of securities, cash or other assets receivable upon such consolidation or merger, then the
kind and amount of securities, cash or other assets constituting the Alternative Issuance for which the Warrant shall become exercisable
shall be deemed to be the weighted average of the kind and amount received per share by the holders of the shares of Common Stock
in such consolidation or merger that affirmatively make such election, and (ii) if a tender, exchange or redemption offer shall
have been made to and accepted by the holders of the shares of Common Stock under circumstances in which, upon completion of such
tender or exchange offer, the maker thereof, together with members of any group (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under
the Exchange Act (or any successor rule)) of which such maker is a part, and together with any affiliate or associate of such
maker (within the meaning of Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act (or any successor rule)) and any members of any such group of which
any such affiliate or associate is a part, own beneficially (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act (or any successor
rule)) more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, the Holder shall be entitled to receive as the Alternative Issuance,
the highest amount of cash, securities or other property to which such holder would actually have been entitled as a stockholder
if the Holder had exercised this Warrant prior to the expiration of such tender or exchange offer, accepted such offer and all
of the shares of Common Stock held by such holder had been purchased pursuant to such tender or exchange offer, subject to adjustments
(from and after the consummation of such tender or exchange offer) as nearly equivalent as possible to the adjustments provided
for in this Section 3; provided, further, that if less than 70% of the consideration receivable by the holders of the shares of
Common Stock in the applicable event is payable in the form of common stock in the successor entity that is listed for trading
on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading or
quoted immediately following such event, and if the Holder properly exercises the Warrant within thirty (30) days following the
public disclosure of the consummation of such applicable event by the Company pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with
the Commission, the Exercise Price shall be reduced by an amount (in dollars) equal to the difference of (i) the Exercise Price
in effect prior to such reduction minus (ii) (A) the Per Share Consideration (as defined below) (but in no event less than zero)
minus (B) the Black-Scholes Warrant Value (as defined below). The Black-Scholes Warrant Value means the value
of the Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of the applicable event based on the Black-Scholes Warrant Model for a Capped
American Call on Bloomberg. For purposes of calculating such amount, (1) the price of each share of Common Stock shall be the
volume weighted average price of the Common Stock as reported during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading day
prior to the effective date of the applicable event, (2) the assumed volatility shall be the ninety (90) day volatility obtained
from the HVT function on Bloomberg determined as of the trading day immediately prior to the day of the announcement of the applicable
event, and (3) the assumed risk-free interest rate shall correspond to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal to the remaining
term of the Warrant. Per Share Consideration means (i) if the consideration paid to holders of the shares
of Common Stock consists exclusively of cash, the amount of such cash per share of Common Stock, and (ii) in all other cases,
the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock as reported during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading
day prior to the effective date of the applicable event. The provisions of this Section 3(c) shall similarly apply to successive
reclassifications, reorganizations, mergers or consolidations, sales or other transfers. In no event will the Exercise Price be
reduced to less than the par value per share issuable upon exercise of the Warrant.

7

d) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be.
For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall
be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

e) Adjustment
to Exercise Price. Whenever the number of shares of Common Stock purchasable upon the exercise of the Warrants is adjusted,
the Exercise Price shall be adjusted (to the nearest cent) by multiplying such Exercise Price immediately prior to such adjustment
by a fraction (x) the numerator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock purchasable upon the exercise of the Warrants
immediately prior to such adjustment, and (y) the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock so purchasable
immediately thereafter.

8

f) Other
Events. In case any event shall occur affecting the Company as to which none of the provisions of the preceding subsections
of this Section 3 are strictly applicable, but which would require an adjustment to the terms of the Warrants in order to (i)
avoid an adverse impact on the Warrants and (ii) effectuate the intent and purpose of this Section 3, then, in each such case,
the Company shall appoint a firm of independent public accountants, investment banking or other appraisal firm of recognized national
standing, which shall give its opinion as to whether or not any adjustment to the rights represented by the Warrants is necessary
to effectuate the intent and purpose of this Section 3 and, if they determine that an adjustment is necessary, the terms of such
adjustment. The Company shall adjust the terms of the Warrants in a manner that is consistent with any adjustment recommended
in such opinion. For the avoidance of doubt, any expenses incurred in connection with this subsection 3(f) shall be borne solely
by the Company.

Section
4. Transfer of Warrant.

a) Transferability.
This Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in
part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment
of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney
and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer; provided, however, that in the event
that this Warrant surrendered for transfer bears a restrictive legend, the Company shall not cancel this Warrant and issue new
Warrants in exchange therefor until the Company, based on the advice of counsel, determines that such transfer may be made in
compliance with applicable laws. Unless otherwise determined by the Company, based on the advice of counsel, such new Warrants
shall bear the same restrictive legends as were on the surrendered Warrants. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment,
the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in
the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing
the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to
the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned
this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) trading days of the
date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned
in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.
No service charge shall be made for any exchange or registration of transfer of Warrants.

b) New
Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of
the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed
by the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such
division or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants
to be divided or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial
issuance date of this Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant
thereto.

9

c) Warrant
Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant
Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered
Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder,
and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

Section
5. Miscellaneous.

a) No
Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights,
dividends or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2, except as expressly
set forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise
pursuant to Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(a) herein, in no event shall the Company be required
to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

b) Loss,
Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant
Shares, and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case
of the Warrant, shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate,
if mutilated, the Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation,
in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

c) Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required
or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding
Business Day.

d) 
Authorized Shares.

The
Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding and exercisable, it will reserve from its authorized and
unissued shares of Common Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise
of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full
authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase
rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares
may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading
Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise
of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and
payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free
from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer
occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

10

Except
and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation,
amending its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution,
issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the
terms of this Warrant, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all
such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any shares of Common Stock
above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action
as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable shares
of Common Stock upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations,
exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company
to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before
taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or
in the Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be
necessary from any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e) Governing
Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be governed
by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles
of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense
of the transactions contemplated by this Warrant (whether brought against a party hereto or their respective affiliates, directors,
officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts
sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal
courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith
or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any
suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit,
action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal
service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered
or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under
this Warrant and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing
contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If either
party shall commence an action, suit, or proceeding to enforce any provision of this Warrant, the prevailing party in such action,
suit or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for their reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses
incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

11

f) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and the Holder
does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g) Nonwaiver
and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate
as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies.

h) Notices.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder including, without limitation,
any Notice of Exercise, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight
courier service, addressed to the Company, at 447 Sutter St., Suite 405 #542, San Francisco, California, Attention: Vanessa Barmack,
Email: [***]@sonder.com, or such other email address or address as the Company may specify for such purposes by notice
to the Holders. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in
writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder
at the e-mail address or address of such Holder appearing on the books of the Company. Any notice or other communication or deliveries
hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication
is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (ii)
the next trading day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address
set forth in this Section on a day that is not a trading day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any trading day,
(iii) the second trading day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, or
(iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder
constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously
file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.

i) Limitation
of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase
Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder
for the purchase price of any share of Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by
the Company or by creditors of the Company.

12

j) Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled
to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation
for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert
the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k) Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure
to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns
of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and
shall be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l) Amendment.
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company, on the one hand,
and the Holder or the beneficial owner of this Warrant, on the other hand.

m) Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable
law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective
to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions
of this Warrant.

n) Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of
this Warrant.

********************

(Signature
Page Follows)

13

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first
above indicated.

SONDER
HOLDINGS INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

14

EXHIBIT
A

NOTICE
OF EXERCISE

To: sonder
HOLDINGS INC.

(1)
The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant
(only if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer
taxes, if any.

(2)
Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box):

[
] in lawful money of the United States; or

[
] if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in
subsection 2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless
exercise procedure set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3)
Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

The
Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: 

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: 

Name of Authorized Signatory: 

Title of Authorized Signatory: 

Date: 

EXHIBIT
B

ASSIGNMENT
FORM

(To
assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please
Print)

Address: 

(Please
Print)

Phone
Number: 

Email
Address: 

Dated:
__________________ __, ______ 

Holders
Signature: _____________________________________ 

Holders
Address: ______________________________________
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>g084774_ex10-4.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10-4
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.4

EXECUTION VERSION

WAIVER,
CONSENT AND SIXTH AMENDMENT TO LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT

This
WAIVER, CONSENT AND SIXTH AMENDMENT TO LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT, dated as of April 11, 2025 (this Agreement),
is entered into by and among (a) (i) Sonder Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation (Sonder Holdings), (ii)
Sonder Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, (iii) Sonder Group Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company,
(iv) Sonder Technology Inc., a Delaware corporation, (v) Sonder Hospitality USA Inc., a Delaware corporation, (vi) Sonder USA
Inc., a Delaware corporation, (vii) Sonder Hospitality Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, (viii) Sonder Partner
Co., a Delaware corporation, and (ix) Sonder Guest Services LLC, a Washington limited liability company (individually and collectively,
jointly and severally, Borrower), and (b) Silicon Valley Bank, a division of First-Citizens Bank & Trust
Company (Bank). Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Agreement shall have the meanings assigned
thereto in the Loan Agreement (as defined below).

WHEREAS,
reference is made to that certain Loan and Security Agreement dated as of December 21, 2022, as amended by that certain First
Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement dated as of April 28, 2023, as further amended by that certain Second Amendment to Loan
and Security Agreement dated as of November 6, 2023, as further amended by that certain Waiver and Third Amendment to Loan and
Security Agreement dated as of June 10, 2024 (the Third Amendment), as further amended by that certain Fourth
Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement dated as of July 12, 2024, as further amended by that certain Fifth Amendment to Loan
and Security Agreement dated as of August 13, 2024, as further affected by that certain Waiver Agreement dated as of September
26, 2024, and as further affected by that certain Waiver Agreement dated as of October 28, 2024 (as the same has been and may
from time to time be further amended, modified, supplemented or restated, the Loan Agreement), by and among
Borrower and Bank;

WHEREAS,
reference is made to those certain Securities Purchase Agreements (the Securities Purchase Agreements) dated
as of April 11, 2025, by and between Sonder Holdings and the purchasers party thereto related to the purchase of approximately
$17.5 million of Sonder Holdings Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Series
A Convertible Preferred Stock);

WHEREAS,
the Defaults or Events of Default as specified on Schedule A hereto have occurred or may occur (such Defaults and Events
of Default, the Sixth Amendment Waived Matters); and

WHEREAS,
Borrower has requested that Bank (a) consent to the consummation of the Securities Purchase Agreements and issuance of the Series
A Convertible Preferred Stock pursuant to the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreements, (b) waive the Sixth Amendment Waived
Matters and (c) amend certain terms of the Loan Agreement.

NOW
THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties
hereto agree as follows:

I.
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS

1
Acknowledgments. Borrower hereby acknowledges
and agrees, upon execution and delivery of this Agreement, subject to the terms set forth herein, that:

(a) Notwithstanding
the effectiveness of this Agreement, the Liens granted by Borrower as collateral security for the Indebtedness, obligations and
liabilities of Borrower evidenced by the Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents pursuant to, each of the Loan Documents to
which Borrower is a party shall not be impaired, and each of the Loan Documents to which Borrower is a party is, and shall continue
to be, in full force and effect in all respects;

(b) Borrower
agrees that the Loan Documents constitute (and as modified by this Agreement shall continue to constitute) valid and binding obligations
and agreements of Borrower enforceable against Borrower in accordance with their respective terms except as such enforceability
may be limited by Applicable Laws and by general principles of equity and principles of good faith and fair dealing;

(c) Subject
to the terms of this Agreement, Bank has not waived, released or compromised, and does not hereby waive, release or compromise,
and may never waive, release or compromise any events, occurrences, acts, or omissions that may constitute or give rise to any
Defaults or Events of Default that existed or may have existed, or may presently exist, or may arise in the future (other than
with respect to certain matters described in previous amendments to the Loan Agreement (the Previously Waived Matters)
and the Sixth Amendment Waived Matters);

(d) The
execution and delivery of this Agreement shall not: (i) constitute an extension, modification, or waiver of any aspect of any
of the Loan Documents (except as specifically and expressly set forth herein); (ii) extend the maturity of the Obligations or
the due date of any payment of any Obligations or other obligations under the other Loan Documents or payable in connection with
the Loan Documents; (iii) give rise to any obligation on the part of Bank to extend, modify or waive any term or condition of
the Loan Documents (except as specifically and expressly set forth herein); (iv) establish any course of dealing with respect
to the Loan Documents; or (v) give rise to any defenses or counterclaims to the right of Bank to compel payment of the Obligations
or otherwise enforce its rights and remedies set forth in the Loan Documents; and

(e) The
Waiver (as defined below) and consent herein by Bank shall not, except as expressly provided herein, invalidate, impair, negate
or otherwise affect Banks ability to exercise its rights and remedies under the Loan Documents or otherwise, and Bank shall
be free to exercise any or all rights or remedies.

2.
Consent. Bank hereby acknowledges and consents
to, upon execution and delivery of this Agreement, subject to the terms set forth herein, (A) the entrance into and consummation
of the Securities Purchase Agreements and the issuance of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock pursuant to the terms of the Securities
Purchase Agreements, provided that nothing herein shall be deemed a consent to any distribution, dividend, repurchase or other
payment in respect of such preferred stock and (B) the entrance into and consummation of the Sixth NPA Amendment (as defined below)
and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the issuance of warrants pursuant to the terms of the Sixth NPA Amendment.

II.
WAIVER

1. Waiver.
Subject to the satisfaction of each of the conditions precedent set forth in Section VI.1 to the effectiveness of this Agreement,
Bank hereby permanently waives any non-compliance resulting from the Sixth Amendment Waived Matters under the Loan Agreement and
the other Loan Documents and waives any interest accruing at the Default Rate on or prior to the date hereof (the Waiver).

2. Acknowledgement.
BORROWER HEREBY AGREES AND ACKNOLWEDGES THAT BANK WILL REQUIRE STRICT PERFORMANCE BY BORROWER OF ALL OF ITS OBLIGATIONS, AGREEMENTS
AND COVENANTS CONTAINED IN THE LOAN AGREEMENT AND ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS, AND NO INACTION OR ACTION BY BANK REGARDING ANY DEFAULT
OR EVENT OF DEFAULT (OTHER THAN THE PREVIOUSLY WAIVED MATTERS AND SIXTH AMENDMENT WAIVED MATTERS) IS INTENDED TO BE OR SHALL BE
A WAIVER THEREOF. BORROWER HEREBY ALSO AGREES AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT NO COURSE OF DEALING AND NO DELAY IN EXERCISING ANY RIGHT,
POWER OR REMEDY CONFERRED TO BANK IN THE LOAN AGREEMENT OR IN ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS OR NOW OR HEREAFTER EXISTING AT LAW, IN
EQUITY, BY STATUTE OR OTHERWISE SHALL OPERATE AS A WAIVER OF OR OTHERWISE PREJUDICE ANY SUCH RIGHT, POWER OR REMEDY, OTHER THAN
AS SPECIFIED HEREIN WITH RESPECT TO THE SIXTH AMENDMENT WAIVED MATTERS.

III.
AMENDMENTS TO LOAN AGREEMENT

1. Section
1.2(a) (Letters of Credit Sublimit). The second sentence of Section 1.2(a) of the Loan Agreement is deleted in its entirety
and replaced with the following:

The
aggregate Dollar Equivalent of the face amount of outstanding Letters of Credit (including drawn but unreimbursed Letters of Credit
and any Letter of Credit Reserve) may not exceed the lesser of (a) $35,000,000 and (b) the Revolving Line, minus all outstanding
principal amounts of any Advances.

2. Section
5.3(b) (Monthly Financial Statements). Section 5.3(b) of the Loan Agreement is deleted in its entirety and replaced with
the following:

(b)
Monthly and Quarterly Financial Statements.

(i) As
soon as available, but no later than 30 days after the last day of each month, beginning with the month ending July 31, 2025,
a company prepared consolidated balance sheet, income statement, and cash flow statement covering Borrowers and Guarantors
and each of their respective Subsidiaries consolidated operations for such month, presented on a rolling trailing twelve-month
basis, broken out by month, and otherwise in a form reasonably acceptable to Bank. Calculations for the Minimum Adjusted EBITDA
financial covenant set forth in Section 5.8 hereof and, to the extent such month is the last month of a fiscal year or any of
the first three fiscal quarters of a fiscal year, Free Cash Flow of Borrower, the Guarantors and each of their respective Subsidiaries
on a consolidated basis for the applicable testing period, to the extent required by the Notes Documents, shall be included as
schedules to the monthly financial statements (in the case of Minimum Adjusted EBITDA, reconciling back to financial statement
line items). Borrowers balance sheet shall include (i) off-balance sheet liabilities in addition to the calculation of
the Adjusted Quick Ratio for purposes of the covenant set forth in Section 5.16, (ii) to the extent such month is the last month
of a fiscal year or any of the first three fiscal quarters of a fiscal year, reasonably detailed calculations of Liquidity as
of the last day of such month, which calculations shall separate out Liquidity attributable to Borrower and the Guarantors from
Liquidity attributable to Borrowers Subsidiaries that are not Guarantors, and (iii) reasonably detailed calculations of
the current outstanding face amount of any letters of credit issued for the account of Borrower, any Guarantor or any of their
respective Subsidiaries with any issuer other than Bank as of the last date of the applicable month.

(ii) For
the quarters ending December 31, 2024 and March 31, 2025, by June 30, 2025, and for the quarter ending June 30, 2025, by August
31, 2025, a company prepared consolidated balance sheet, income statement, and cash flow statement covering Borrowers and
Guarantors and each of their respective Subsidiaries consolidated operations for such quarter, presented on a rolling trailing
four quarter basis, broken out by month, and otherwise in a form reasonably acceptable to Bank. Calculations for the Minimum Adjusted
EBITDA financial covenant set forth in Section 5.8 hereof and Free Cash Flow of Borrower, the Guarantors and each of their respective
Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis for the applicable testing period, to the extent required by the Notes Documents, shall be
included as schedules to the quarterly financial statements (in the case of Minimum Adjusted EBITDA, reconciling back to financial
statement line items). Borrowers balance sheet shall include (i) off-balance sheet liabilities in addition to the calculation
of the Adjusted Quick Ratio for purposes of the covenant set forth in Section 5.16, (ii) reasonably detailed calculations of Liquidity
as of the last day of such quarter, which calculations shall separate out Liquidity attributable to Borrower and the Guarantors
from Liquidity attributable to Borrowers Subsidiaries that are not Guarantors, and (iii) reasonably detailed calculations
of the current outstanding face amount of any letters of credit issued for the account of Borrower, any Guarantor or any of their
respective Subsidiaries with any issuer other than Bank as of the last date of the applicable quarter.

3. Section
5.3(c) (Compliance Certificate). Section 5.3(c) of the Loan Agreement is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the
following:

(c)
Compliance Certificate.

(i) Within
30 days after the last day of each month, beginning with the month ending July 31, 2025, and together with the statements set
forth in Section 5.3(b)(i), a duly completed Compliance Statement, confirming that as of the end of such month or year, as applicable,
Borrower was in full compliance with all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and setting forth (i) calculations showing
compliance with the financial covenants (to the extent applicable) and Adjusted Quick Ratio set forth in this Agreement, (ii)
if tested under the Notes Documents at the end of such month or year, calculations showing compliance with the Liquidity and Free
Cash Flow covenants set forth in the Notes Documents, (iii) a list and the outstanding face amount of any letters of credit issued
for the account of Borrower, any Guarantor or any of their respective Subsidiaries with any issuer other than Bank as of the last
date of the applicable month, and (iv) such other information as Bank may reasonably request.

(ii) For
the quarters ending September 30, 2024, December 31, 2024, and March 31, 2025, by June 30, 2025, and for the quarter ending June
30, 2025, by August 31, 2025, and together with the statements set forth in Section 5.3(b)(ii), a duly completed Compliance Statement,
confirming that as of the end of such quarter or year, as applicable, Borrower was in full compliance with all of the terms and
conditions of this Agreement (other than with respect to non-compliance waived pursuant to the Sixth Amendment), and setting forth
(i) calculations showing compliance with the financial covenants (to the extent applicable) and Adjusted Quick Ratio set forth
in this Agreement, (ii) if tested under the Notes Documents at the end of such quarter or year, calculations showing compliance
with the Liquidity and Free Cash Flow covenants set forth in the Notes Documents, (iii) a list and the outstanding face amount
of any letters of credit issued for the account of Borrower, any Guarantor or any of their respective Subsidiaries with any issuer
other than Bank as of the last date of the applicable month, and (iv) such other information as Bank may reasonably request.

4. Section
5.3(e) (Annual Audited Financial Statements). Section 5.3(e) of the Loan Agreement is deleted in its entirety and replaced
with the following:

(e) Annual Audited Financial Statements. As soon as available, and in any event within 120 days following the end of Borrowers
fiscal year, audited consolidated financial statements prepared under GAAP, consistently applied, together with an unqualified
opinion on the financial statements from Deloitte LLP, or another independent certified public accounting firm reasonably acceptable
to Bank; provided, however, that (i) for Borrowers fiscal year ending December 31, 2023, such financial statements shall
be delivered by September 30, 2024, and (ii) for Borrowers fiscal year ending December 31, 2024, such financial statements
shall be delivered by June 30, 2025;

5. Section
5.7 (Accounts). Section 5.7(a) of the Loan Agreement is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:

(a)
Maintain account balances in Borrowers, any of its Subsidiaries, and any Guarantors operating accounts, securities
accounts and depository accounts at or through Bank or Banks Affiliates representing at least ninety percent (90.0%) of
the Dollar Equivalent value of Borrowers and its Subsidiaries consolidated domestic cash and Cash Equivalents, provided
that the balance of a Blocked Cash Collateral Account, the HSBC Cash Collateral Accounts and any other cash collateral accounts
subject to Liens permitted by clause (v) of the definition of Permitted Liens shall not be included in the foregoing calculation.

6. Section
6.1 (Dispositions). Section 6.1 of the Loan Agreement is amended by (a) deleting and from the end of clause
(n) thereof, (b) adding and to the end of clause (o) thereof and (c) adding a new clause (p) as follows:

(p)
Transfers consisting of dispositions of inventory, furniture, fixtures and equipment from Borrowers distribution center
located as 11900 S. Fwy, Burleson, TX 76028 in connection with its closure.

7. Section
12.2 (Definitions). Clause (l) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced
with the following:

(l)
unsecured Indebtedness not otherwise permitted by Section 6.4 in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed (i) (A) on or prior
to December 31, 2025, $30,000,000 in respect of past due rent payments or past due accounts payable, (B) after December 31, 2025
and on or prior to December 31, 2026, $15,000,000 in respect of past due rent payments or past due accounts payable and (C) thereafter
$6,000,000 in respect of past due rent payments or past due accounts payable and (ii) $5,000,000 in respect of other unsecured
Indebtedness, in each case at any time outstanding.

8. Schedule
I (Section 1.2(a) Letter of Credit Sublimit). The reference to the Loan Agreement provision for Section 1.2(a)
Letter of Credit Sublimit in Schedule I of the Loan Agreement is amended in its entirety and the following inserted in
its place:

The
aggregate Dollar Equivalent of the face amount of outstanding Letters of Credit (including drawn but unreimbursed Letters of Credit
and any Letter of Credit Reserve) may not exceed the lesser of (a) $35,000,000.00 and (b) $35,000,000 less the amount of Advances
not used for Letters of Credit.

9. Schedule
I (12.2 Revolving Line). The reference to the Loan Agreement provision for Section 12.2 
Revolving Line in Schedule I of the Loan Agreement is amended in its entirety and the following inserted in its
place:

Revolving
Line is an aggregate principal amount equal to $35,000,000.00.

IV.
OTHER AGREEMENTS

1. Payment
of Expenses. Borrower, jointly and severally, agree to pay and reimburse Bank promptly for all of its reasonable documented
out-of-pocket costs and expenses for which invoices have been, including without limitation, the fees of their counsel to the
extent provided for in the Loan Agreement.

2. Loan
Document. This Agreement is a Loan Document for the purposes of the provisions of the other Loan Documents.

V.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

In
consideration of the foregoing agreements, Borrower jointly and severally hereby represents and warrants to Bank, as follows:

1. after
giving effect to this Agreement, all representations and warranties made in the Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents made
by it that have no materiality or material adverse effect qualification are true and correct in all material respects, and the
representations and warranties in the Loan Agreement and in the Loan Documents that have a materiality or material adverse effect
qualification are true and correct in all respects, in each case with the same effect as though made on and as of the Agreement
Effective Date or, to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, as of such earlier date,
in each case, other than any such representation and warranty regarding no Default or Event of Default solely as a result of the
Previously Waived Matters or the Sixth Amendment Waived Matters;

2. after
giving effect to this Agreement, no Default or Event of Default exists and is continuing as of the Agreement Effective Date;

3. the
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement are within Borrowers corporate, limited liability company, partnership
or other organizational powers, as applicable, and have been duly authorized by appropriate organizational and governing action
and proceedings;

4. each
person who is executing this Agreement on behalf of Borrower has the full power, authority and legal right to do so, and this
Agreement has been duly executed by such person and delivered to Bank; and

5. this
Agreement is the legal, valid and binding obligation of Borrower, enforceable against Borrower in accordance with its terms, subject
to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and
subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law.

VI.
MISCELLANEOUS

1. Condition
Precedent to Effectiveness of this Agreement. This Agreement shall become effective on the date of satisfaction of each
of the following conditions (the date on which such conditions are satisfied, the Agreement Effective Date):

(a) Bank
shall have received a fully executed copy of this Agreement, duly executed by Borrower;

(b) Bank
shall have received payment and reimbursement from Borrower for all of its reasonable documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses
of counsel for which invoices have been presented to Borrower at least one Business Day prior to the Agreement Effective Date;
and

(c) Bank
shall have received a fully executed copy of that certain Waiver, Consent and Sixth Amendment, dated as of April 11, 2025 (as
in effect on the date hereof, the Sixth NPA Amendment), by and among the Note Obligors (as defined therein),
the Investors (as defined therein) party thereto and Alter Domus (US) LLC, as collateral agent, duly executed by the parties party
thereto.

2. Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed and delivered in any number of counterparts with the same effect as if the signatures on each counterpart
were upon the same instrument. Any counterpart delivered by facsimile or by other electronic method of transmission shall be deemed
an original signature thereto.

3. Choice
of Law, Venue and Jury Trial Waiver; Judicial Reference. Section 10 of the Loan Agreement is hereby incorporated by reference,
mutatis mutandis.

4. Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon each of Borrower, Bank and their respective successors and assigns,
and shall inure to the benefit of each such person and their permitted successors and assigns.

5. Headings.
Section headings in this Agreement are included herein for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part of this
Agreement for any other purpose.

6. Amendment.
This Agreement may only be amended or modified in writing by the parties hereto, subject to any additional requirements under
the Loan Agreement, if applicable.

7. Entire
Agreement. THIS AGREEMENT, THE LOAN AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS COLLECTIVELY REPRESENT THE FINAL AGREEMENT
BY AND AMONG THE PARTIES HERETO AND MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS, OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS
OF SUCH PARTIES. THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS BETWEEN OR AMONG THE PARTIES HERETO.

8. Consistent
Changes. The Loan Agreement is hereby amended wherever necessary to reflect the changes described herein.

9. Release
by Borrower.

(a) FOR
GOOD AND VALUABLE CONSIDERATION, Borrower hereby forever relieves, releases, and discharges Bank and its present or former employees,
officers, directors, agents, representatives, attorneys, and each of them, from any and all (in each case, relating to, or arising
out of, the Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated thereby) claims, debts, liabilities, demands, obligations, promises,
acts, agreements, costs and expenses, actions and causes of action, of every type, kind, nature, description or character whatsoever,
whether known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, absolute or contingent, arising out of or in any manner whatsoever connected
with or related to facts, circumstances, issues, controversies or claims (in each case, relating to, or arising out of, the Loan
Documents or the transactions contemplated thereby) existing or arising from the beginning of time through and including the date
of execution of this Agreement (collectively Released Claims). Without limiting the foregoing, the Released
Claims shall include any and all liabilities or claims arising out of or in any manner whatsoever connected with or related to
the Loan Documents, the recitals hereto, any instruments, agreements or documents executed in connection with any of the foregoing
or the origination, negotiation, administration, servicing and/or enforcement of any of the foregoing. Notwithstanding anything
in this Agreement, the releases set forth in this Agreement shall not extend to any of Banks obligations under the Loan
Agreement arising after the date of this Agreement, including to make extensions of credit to Borrower in accordance with the
terms of the Loan Agreement.

(b) In
furtherance of this release, Borrower expressly acknowledges and waives any and all rights under Section 1542 of the California
Civil Code, which provides as follows:

A
general release does not extend to claims that the creditor or releasing party does not know or suspect to exist in his or
her favor at the time of executing the release and that, if known by him or her, would have materially affected his or her settlement
with the debtor or released party. (Emphasis added.)

(c) By
entering into this release, Borrower recognizes that no facts or representations are ever absolutely certain and it may hereafter
discover facts in addition to or different from those which it presently knows or believes to be true, but that it is the intention
of Borrower hereby to fully, finally and forever settle and release all Released Claims, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected;
accordingly, if Borrower should subsequently discover that any fact that it relied upon in entering into this release was untrue,
or that any understanding of the facts was incorrect, Borrower shall not be entitled to set aside this release by reason thereof,
regardless of any claim of mistake of fact or law or any other circumstances whatsoever. Borrower acknowledges that it is not
relying upon and has not relied upon any representation or statement made by Bank with respect to the facts underlying this release
or with regard to any of such partys rights or asserted rights.

(d) This
release may be pleaded as a full and complete defense and/or as a cross-complaint or counterclaim against any action, suit, or
other proceeding that may be instituted, prosecuted or attempted in breach of this release. Borrower acknowledges that the release
contained herein constitutes a material inducement to Bank to enter into this Agreement, and that Bank would not have done so
but for Banks expectation that such release is valid and enforceable in all events.

(e) Borrower
hereby represents and warrants to Bank, and Bank is relying thereon, as follows:

(i) Except
as expressly stated in this Agreement, neither Bank nor any agent, employee or representative of Bank has made any statement or
representation to Borrower regarding any fact relied upon by Borrower in entering into this Agreement.

(ii) Borrower
has made such investigation of the facts pertaining to this Agreement and all of the matters appertaining thereto, as it deems
necessary.

(iii) The
terms of this Agreement are contractual and not a mere recital.

(iv) This
Agreement has been carefully read by Borrower, the contents hereof are known and understood by Borrower, and this Agreement is
signed freely, and without duress, by Borrower.

(v) Borrower
represents and warrants that it is the sole and lawful owner of all right, title and interest in and to every claim and every
other matter which it releases herein, and that it has not heretofore assigned or transferred, or purported to assign or transfer,
to any person, firm or entity any claims or other matters herein released. Borrower shall indemnify Bank, defend and hold it harmless
from and against all claims based upon or arising in connection with prior assignments or purported assignments or transfers of
any claims or matters released herein.

[SIGNATURE
PAGES FOLLOW]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized officers as
of the day and year first above written.

BORROWER:

SONDER HOLDINGS INC.,

a Delaware corporation

By: /s/ David Alan Watt 

Name: David Alan Watt

Title: Treasurer / Head
of Treasury

SONDER HOLDINGS LLC,

a Delaware limited liability
company

By: /s/ David Alan Watt 

Name: David Alan Watt

Title: Treasurer / Head
of Treasury

SONDER GROUP HOLDINGS
LLC,

a Delaware limited liability
company

By: /s/ David Alan Watt 

Name: David Alan Watt

Title: Treasurer / Head
of Treasury

SONDER TECHNOLOGY
INC.,

a Delaware corporation

By: /s/ David Alan Watt 

Name: David Alan Watt

Title: Treasurer / Head
of Treasury

[Signature
Page to Sixth Amendment]

SONDER
HOSPITALITY USA INC.,

a Delaware corporation

By: /s/ David Alan Watt 

Name: David Alan Watt

Title: Treasurer / Head
of Treasury

SONDER USA INC.,

a Delaware corporation

By: /s/ David Alan Watt 

Name: David Alan Watt

Title: Treasurer / Head
of Treasury

SONDER HOSPITALITY
HOLDINGS LLC,

a Delaware limited liability
company

By: /s/ David Alan Watt 

Name: David Alan Watt

Title: Treasurer / Head
of Treasury

SONDER PARTNER CO.,

a Delaware corporation

By: /s/ David Alan Watt 

Name: David Alan Watt

Title: Treasurer / Head
of Treasury

SONDER GUEST SERVICES
LLC,

a Washington limited
liability company

By: /s/ David Alan Watt 

Name: David Alan Watt

Title: Treasurer / Head
of Treasury

[Signature
Page to Sixth Amendment]

BANK:

FIRST-CITIZENS BANK
& TRUST

COMPANY

By: /s/ Trefor Bacon 

Name: Trefor Bacon

Title: Managing Director

[Signature
Page to Sixth Amendment]

SCHEDULE
A
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>g084774_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Sonder Holdings Inc. Announces Capital Raise
and Provides Update on Integration with Marriott International, Inc.

~$18 Million Equity Financing and Amended Note
and Warrant Purchase Agreement Strengthen Balance Sheet

Full Integration with Marriott's Digital Channels
and Platform Anticipated by the End of the Second Quarter of 2025

Implementing ~$50 Million of Annualized Cost
Reductions

SAN FRANCISCO April 14, 2025 Sonder Holdings Inc. (Nasdaq:
SOND) (Sonder or the Company) today announced a series of actions intended to strengthen its balance sheet
and generate significant cost savings, and provided an update on its integration with Marriott International, Inc. (Nasdaq: MAR) (Marriott):

Sale of approximately $18 million shares of its Series A preferred stock on April 11, 2025;

Amendments to the existing Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement, which include a reduction of the outstanding principal balance by
15% and an approximate 50% reduction of the interest rate;

Full integration with Marriott's digital channels and platform anticipated by the end of second quarter of 2025;

Receipt of $7.5 million in previously announced key money from Marriott on April 11, 2025; and

Implementation of approximately $50 million of annualized cost reductions enabled by the Marriott integration.

These events are expected to bring us closer to completing our
transformation. The integration with Marriott is expected to enhance the positive RevPAR and profitability trends that our portfolio has
already experienced over the last several months, said Francis Davidson, Co-Founder and CEO of Sonder. With the integration
nearing completion, we are capitalizing on these opportunities and right-sizing our organization for the next era of Sonder. With the
implementation of substantial cost savings and approximately $18 million of additional capital, we believe that Sonder is well positioned
to support long-term value creation.

Marriott Integration Update

Sonder anticipates the full Marriott integration will be completed
by the end of the second quarter of 2025, at which time all Sonder properties will be available on Marriotts digital channels,
including Marriott.com and the Marriott Bonvoy mobile app under the new Sonder by Marriott Bonvoy collection, and are
expected to benefit from access to Marriotts global sales organization and third-party agreements. Sonders properties will
also continue participating in the highly regarded Marriott Bonvoy travel platform with nearly 228 million members, which began in
October 2024 after the first phase of integration was complete.

Sonder also today announced it is implementing cost reduction initiatives
which, when complete, are expected to deliver approximately $50 million of annualized cost savings compared to the third quarter of 2024.
The savings are anticipated to come from a combination of headcount reductions, software savings and other efficiencies in conjunction
with the Marriott integration.

Additional information regarding the completed Series A preferred stock
financing and the amendments to agreements governing the Companys indebtedness can be found in a Form 8-K to be filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC).

Advisors

Moelis & Company LLC served as financial advisor to Sonder.

1 

About Sonder

Sonder (NASDAQ: SOND) is a leading global brand of premium, design-forward
apartments and intimate boutique hotels serving the modern traveler. Launched in 2014, Sonder offers inspiring, thoughtfully designed
accommodations and innovative, tech-enabled service combined into one seamless experience. Sonder properties are found in prime locations
in over 40 markets, spanning nine countries and three continents. The Sonder app gives guests full control over their stay. Complete with
self-service features, simple check-in and 24/7 on-the-ground support, amenities and services at Sonder are just a tap away, making a
world of better stays open to all.

To learn more, visit http://www.sonder.com
or follow Sonder on Instagram, LinkedIn or X.

Download the Sonder app on Apple
or Google Play.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning
of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that are based upon current expectations or beliefs, as well as assumptions about
future events. Forward-looking statements include all statements that are not historical facts and can generally be identified by terms
such as could, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan,
potentially, or will or similar expressions and the negatives of those terms. These statements include, but
are not limited to, statements regarding improvements in liquidity and profitability; the anticipated benefits and synergies from the
strategic licensing agreement with Marriott; the integration efforts and timing under the strategic licensing agreement with Marriott;
the preferred stock financing and other sources of liquidity; improving Sonders balance sheet and long-term profitable growth;
and other information concerning Sonders financial and operating goals and estimated, possible, or assumed future financial or
operating results and measures, cash flow, or liquidity. These forward-looking statements are based on managements current expectations,
estimates, and beliefs, as well as a number of assumptions concerning future events and are not guarantees of future performance, conditions,
or results. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the forward-looking statements due to a number
of risks and uncertainties, including the risks and uncertainties described in the Companys reports filed with the SEC and under
the heading Risk Factors in its most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, which are available
at www.sec.gov. These forward-looking statements are only as of the date of this press release. Except as required by law, the Company
does not undertake any obligation to update or revise its forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date
of this press release.

Media:

press@sonder.com

Investor:

ir@sonder.com

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>sond-20250411.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>sond-20250411_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>sond-20250411_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Warrants, each 20 warrants exercisable for one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of $230.00 per share 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>sond-20250411_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 11, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 11, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 001-39907

Entity Registrant Name SONDER
HOLDINGS INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001819395

Entity Tax Identification Number 85-2097088

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 447
Sutter St., Suite 405 #542

Entity Address, City or Town San
Francisco

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 94108

City Area Code (617)

Local Phone Number 300-0956

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol SOND

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Warrants, each 20 warrants exercisable for one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of $230.00 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants, each 20 warrants exercisable for one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of $230.00 per share

Trading Symbol SONDW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=SOND_CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=SOND_WarrantsEach20WarrantsExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockAtExercisePriceOf230.00PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
3 
24 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://sonder.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

g084774_8k.htm 
sond-20250411.xsd 
sond-20250411_def.xml 
sond-20250411_lab.xml 
sond-20250411_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>0001753926-25-000627-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>g084774_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001819395 

2025-04-11 
2025-04-11 

0001819395 

SOND:CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember 

2025-04-11 
2025-04-11 

0001819395 

SOND:WarrantsEach20WarrantsExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockAtExercisePriceOf230.00PerShareMember 

2025-04-11 
2025-04-11 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--12-31 
0001819395 
8-K 
2025-04-11 
SONDER HOLDINGS INC. 
DE 
001-39907 
85-2097088 
447 Sutter St., Suite 405 #542 
San Francisco 
CA 
94108 
(617) 
300-0956 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
SOND 
NASDAQ 
Warrants, each 20 warrants exercisable for one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of $230.00 per share 
SONDW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>