<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001178913-25-000143.txt : 20250117
<SEC-HEADER>0001178913-25-000143.hdr.sgml : 20250117
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250117065603
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001178913-25-000143
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		19
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250115
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250117
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250117

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Silexion Therapeutics Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002022416
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42253
		FILM NUMBER:		25536987

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12 ABBA HILLEL ROAD
		CITY:			RAMAT GAN
		STATE:			L3
		ZIP:			5250606
		BUSINESS PHONE:		972-8-6286005

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12 ABBA HILLEL ROAD
		CITY:			RAMAT GAN
		STATE:			L3
		ZIP:			5250606

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Biomotion Sciences
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20240506
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>zk2532563.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000202241600-0000000972NASDAQNASDAQ00020224162025-01-152025-01-150002022416slxn:WarrantsExercisableForOrdinarySharesAtAnExercisePriceOf1150PerShareMember2025-01-152025-01-150002022416slxn:OrdinarySharesParValue00001PerShareMember2025-01-152025-01-15

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): January 15, 2025

Silexion Therapeutics Corp

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Cayman Islands

001-42253

N/A

(State or other jurisdiction 

(Commission File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

of incorporation) 

Identification No.) 

12 Abba Hillel Road

Ramat-Gan, Israel 

5250606

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code) 

+972-8-6286005

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K is
intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written

communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting

material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement

communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement

communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which

registered

Ordinary Shares, par value $0.0009 per share

SLXN

The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Warrants exercisable for Ordinary Shares at an exercise price of $103.50 per share

SLXNW

The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an
emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if
the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry Into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On January 15, 2025, Silexion Therapeutics Corp (the Company or Silexion) offered and sold in a public offering on a best efforts basis (the Offering) (i) 2,145,998 of the Companys ordinary shares (the Shares), par value $0.0009 per share (Ordinary Shares), (ii) 1,557,705 pre-funded warrants to purchase up to
1,557,705 Ordinary Shares (the Pre-Funded Warrants), and (iii) 3,703,703 warrants to purchase up to 3,703,703 Ordinary Shares (the Investor Warrants and together with the Pre-Funded Warrants, the Warrants), at a purchase price of $1.35 per Share and accompanying Investor Warrant, and $1.3499 per Pre-Funded Warrant and accompanying Investor Warrant. Aggregate gross proceeds from the Offering (without taking
into account any proceeds from any future exercises of Warrants) are expected to be approximately $5 million. The Offering is expected to close on or about January 17, 2025 (the Closing Date), subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions.

The Pre-Funded Warrants will be immediately exercisable at an exercise price of $0.0001 per Ordinary Share and will
not expire until exercised in full. The Investor Warrants have an exercise price of $1.35 per Ordinary Share, are immediately exercisable, and may be exercised for five years from issuance.

A holder of the Warrants will not have the right to exercise any portion of its Pre-Funded Warrants and Investor
Warrants if the holder (together with such holders affiliates, and any persons acting as a group together with such holder or any of such holders affiliates or any other persons whose beneficial ownership of ordinary shares would be aggregated with
the holders or any of the holders affiliates), would beneficially own ordinary shares in excess of 4.99% (or, at the election of the holder, 9.99%) of the number of the ordinary shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise.

Certain investors in the Offering entered into a definitive securities purchase agreement with the Company (the Purchase Agreement). The Purchase Agreement contains representations, warranties, indemnification and other provisions customary for transactions of
this nature. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company agreed to abide by certain customary standstill restrictions for a period of sixty (60) days following the closing of the Offering. In addition, subject to limited exceptions, the Purchase
Agreement provides that for a period of one year following the closing of the Offering, the Company will not effect or enter into an agreement to effect a variable rate transaction as defined in the Purchase Agreement.

H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC acted as the sole placement agent (the Placement Agent), on a best efforts basis, in connection with the Offering. On September 8, 2024, the Company and the Placement Agent had entered into a letter agreement with the
Company to serve as exclusive underwriter, agent or advisor in any offering of securities of the Company for a six-month term (the Engagement
Agreement). Under the Engagement Agreement, the Company agreed to pay the Placement Agent an aggregate cash fee equal to 7.0% of the gross proceeds received by the Company in the Offering, as well as a management fee equal to 1.0% of
the gross proceeds raised in the Offering. The Company also agreed under the Engagement Agreement to reimburse the Placement Agent $25,000 for non-accountable expenses and up to $100,000 for fees and expenses of legal counsel and other
out-of-pocket expenses of the Placement Agent in connection with the Offering. Pursuant to the Engagement Agreement, the Company will issue to the Placement Agent or its designees 259,259 warrants to purchase up to 259,259 Ordinary Shares,
representing 7.0% of the sum of the Shares and Pre-Funded Warrants to be sold in the Offering (the Placement Agent Warrants). The Placement
Agent Warrants have an exercise price of $1.6875 per Ordinary Share (representing 125% of the public offering price per Share and accompanying Investor Warrant), are exercisable for five years from the date of the commencement of sales in this
offering, and otherwise reflect substantially the same terms as the Investor Warrants. The Engagement Agreement contains representations, warranties, indemnification and other provisions customary for transactions of this nature.

The net proceeds to the Company from the Offering are approximately $4.26 million before deducting estimated offering
expenses payable by the Company. The Company intends to use the proceeds from the Offering to advance its pre-clinical clinical studies, and for general corporate purposes.

The Offering was made pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-282932), previously filed by the
Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) and declared effective by the SEC on January 15, 2025.

The foregoing descriptions of the Purchase Agreement, the Pre-Funded Warrants, the Investor Warrants and the
Placement Agent Warrants are not complete, and are qualified in their entireties by reference to the full text of such documents, copies of which are filed as exhibits to this Current Report on Form 8-K (a Form 8-K) and are incorporated by reference herein.

On January 15, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the pricing of the Offering. A copy of that press
release is filed as Exhibit 99.1 to this Form 8-K.

This Form 8-K shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation to buy nor shall there be any sale of the shares
or warrants in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This Form 8-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All statements
other than statements of historical fact contained in this report, including statements regarding the completion of the Offering, the satisfaction of customary closing conditions related to the Offering and the intended use of net proceeds from the
Offering. Those forward-looking statements are generally identified by terminology such as may, should, could, might, plan, possible, project, strive, budget, forecast, expect, intend, will, estimate, anticipate,
believe, predict, potential or continue, or the negatives of these terms or variations of them or similar terminology. Forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, and actual results or events may
differ materially from those projected or implied in those statements. Important factors that could cause such differences include, but are not limited to: (i) Silexions ability to successfully complete preclinical studies and initiate clinical
trials; (ii) Silexions strategy, future operations, financial position, projected costs, prospects, and plans; (iii) the impact of the regulatory environment and compliance complexities; (iv) expectations regarding future partnerships or other
relationships with third parties; (v) Silexions future capital requirements and sources and uses of cash, including its ability to obtain additional capital; and (vi) other risks and uncertainties set forth in the documents filed or to be filed by
the Company with the SEC, including the final prospectus for the Offering filed with the SEC on January 17, 2025. Silexion cautions you against placing undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which reflect current beliefs and are based on
information currently available as of the date a forward-looking statement is made. Forward-looking statements set forth herein speak only as of the date they are made. Silexion undertakes no obligation to revise forward-looking statements to
reflect future events, changes in circumstances, or changes in beliefs, except as otherwise required by law.

Item 9.01Financial Statements and Exhibits

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit No. 

Description

4.1 

Form of Ordinary
Warrant to be sold in the Offering

4.2 

Form of Pre-Funded
Warrant to be sold in the Offering

4.3 

Form of Placement Agent
Warrant to be issued to the Placement Agent

10.1 

Securities Purchase
Agreement, dated January 15, 2025, by and between the Company and each investor party thereto

99.1 

Press release issued
by the Company on January 15, 2025 announcing the pricing of the Offering

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in Inline XBRL)

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

SILEXION THERAPEUTICS CORP

Date: January 17, 2025 

/s/ Ilan Hadar

Name: 

Ilan Hadar

Title: 

Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>exhibit_4-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

ORDINARY SHARE PURCHASE WARRANT

SILEXION THERAPEUTICS CORP

Warrant Shares: _______ 

Initial Exercise Date: January 17, 2025

THIS ORDINARY SHARE PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, _____________ or its assigns (the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject
to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after the date hereof (the Initial Exercise Date) and on or
prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on January 17, 2030 (the Termination
Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Silexion Therapeutics Corp, a Cayman Islands corporation (the Company), up
to ______ Ordinary Shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares). The purchase price of Ordinary Share under this Warrant shall be
equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section 1. Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant, the following terms have the meanings indicated in this Section 1:

Affiliate means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Bid Price means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Ordinary Shares are then listed or
quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Ordinary Shares for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Ordinary Shares are then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading
Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Ordinary Shares for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as
applicable, (c) if the Ordinary Shares are not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Ordinary Shares are then reported on the Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of
reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Ordinary Share so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value an Ordinary Share as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a
majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Board of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized or required by
law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any other
similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New
York generally are open for use by customers on such day.

Commission means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Ordinary Share means the ordinary shares of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such securities may
hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Ordinary Share Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time
Ordinary Shares, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred shares, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive,
Ordinary Shares.

Person means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Purchase Agreement means the securities purchase agreement, dated
as of January 15, 2025, by and between the Company and each of the purchasers signatory thereto. 

Registration Statement means the Companys registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-282932).

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Subsidiary means any subsidiary of the Company and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed or
acquired after the date hereof.

Trading Day means a day on which the Ordinary Shares are traded on a Trading Market.

2

Trading Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Ordinary Shares are listed or quoted for trading on the date in question:
the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange, OTCQB or OTCQX (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transfer Agent means Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 1 State
Street, 30th Floor, New York, NY 10004-1571, Attention: Maria Vaz, Account Manager and an email address of mvaz@continentalstock.com, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

VWAP means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Ordinary Shares are then listed or
quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Ordinary Shares for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Ordinary Shares are then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P.
(based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Ordinary Shares for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Ordinary Shares are not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Ordinary Shares are then reported on the Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding
to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per Ordinary Shares so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of an Ordinary Share as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the holders
of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Warrants means this Warrant and other Ordinary Share purchase warrants issued by the Company pursuant to the Registration Statement.

Section 2. Exercise.

a) Exercise of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on
or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice of
Exercise). Within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall
deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified
in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to
the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder
shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the
total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company
shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise on the Trading Day of receipt of such notice. The

Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for
purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

3

b) Exercise Price. The exercise price per Ordinary Share
under this Warrant shall be $1.35, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise
Price).

c) Cashless Exercise. If at the time of exercise hereof there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus contained
therein is not available for the issuance of the Warrant Shares to the Holder, then this Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of
Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) 

= as applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2)
delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) the Bid Price
of the Ordinary Shares on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg) as of the time of the Holders execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular
trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) thereof or (iii) the VWAP on the date of
the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after two (2) hours following the close of regular trading hours on such
Trading Day;

(B) = the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise
were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

If Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the
Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised. The Company agrees not to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

4

d) 

Mechanics of Exercise.

i. 

Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance
account with The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the
issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by Holder or (B) this Warrant is being exercised via cashless exercise, and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the
name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earlier of (i) one (1)
Trading Day after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant
Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised,
irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number
of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period following delivery of the Notice of Exercise. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share
Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Ordinary Shares on the date of the applicable
Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the third Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered
or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period
means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Ordinary Shares as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, with respect to any Notice(s) of Exercise delivered on or prior to 12:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Initial Exercise Date, which may be delivered at any time after the time of execution of the Purchase Agreement, the
Company agrees to deliver the Warrant Shares subject to such notice(s) by 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Initial Exercise Date and the Initial Exercise Date shall be the Warrant Share Delivery Date for purposes hereunder, provided
that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received by such Warrant Share Delivery Date.

ii. Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder
and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new
Warrant shall in all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii. Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section
2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

iv. Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the
Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section 2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date (other than any
such failure that is solely due to any action or inaction by the Holder with respect to such exercise), and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage
firm otherwise purchases, Ordinary Shares to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder
the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the Ordinary Shares so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was
required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the
Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of Ordinary Shares that would have been issued had the Company
timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Ordinary Shares having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of Ordinary Shares with an
aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating
the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in
equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver Ordinary Shares upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

5

v. No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this
Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such
fraction multiplied by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

vi. Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other
incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the
Holder; provided, however, that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto
duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day
processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii. Closing of Books. The Company will not close its shareholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this
Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

e) Holders Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise
any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any
other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of
the foregoing sentence, the number of Ordinary Shares beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such
determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of Ordinary Shares which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution
Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Ordinary Share Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise
analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be
calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with
Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this
Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission
of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this
Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as
contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding Ordinary Shares, a Holder
may rely on the number of outstanding Ordinary Shares as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent
written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of Ordinary Shares outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within one Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the
number of Ordinary Shares then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding Ordinary Shares shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its
Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding Ordinary Shares was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% (or, upon written election by a Holder prior to the issuance of any
Warrants, 9.99%) of the number of Ordinary Shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of Ordinary Shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of Ordinary
Shares upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section
2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to
such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

6

Section 3. Certain Adjustments.

a) Share Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a share dividend or otherwise makes a
distribution or distributions on Ordinary Shares or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in Ordinary Shares (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any Ordinary Shares issued by the Company upon exercise of this
Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding Ordinary Shares into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse share split) outstanding Ordinary Shares into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares
of the Ordinary Shares any shares of capital of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of Ordinary Shares (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding
immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of Ordinary Shares outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that
the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to receive such dividend
or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or reclassification.

b) Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues or
sells any Ordinary Share Equivalents or rights to purchase shares, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders of any class of Ordinary Shares (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire,
upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of Ordinary Shares acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any
limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the
date as of which the record holders of Ordinary Shares are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result
in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such Ordinary Shares as a result of such Purchase Right to such
extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

7

c) Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other
distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of Ordinary Shares, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, shares or other securities, property or options by way of
a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to
participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of Ordinary Shares acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on
exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of Ordinary
Shares are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holder's right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any Ordinary Shares as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such
Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). To the extent that this Warrant has not been
partially or completely exercised at the time of such Distribution, such portion of the Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until the Holder has exercised this Warrant.

d) Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this
Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person (other than solely for the purpose of changing the Companys name and/or the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Company or a holding company for the Company), (ii) the Company or any Subsidiary, directly or indirectly,
effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange
offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Ordinary Shares are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of
greater than 50% of the outstanding Ordinary Shares or greater than 50% of the voting power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification,
reorganization or recapitalization of the Ordinary Shares or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Ordinary Shares are effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or
indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with
another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires greater than 50% of the outstanding Ordinary Shares or greater than 50% of the voting power of the common equity of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon
such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of Ordinary Shares of the successor or
acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as
a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of Ordinary Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of
this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one Ordinary
Share in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If
holders of Ordinary Shares are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of
this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in the event of a Fundamental Transaction, the Company or any Successor Entity (as defined below) shall, at the Holders option, exercisable at any
time concurrently with, or within 30 days after, the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction (or, if later, the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction), purchase this Warrant from the Holder by paying to the Holder an amount of cash equal to the Black Scholes Value (as defined below) of the remaining unexercised portion of this Warrant on the date of the
consummation of such Fundamental Transaction; provided,however, that, if the Fundamental Transaction is not within the Company's control, including not approved by the Company's Board of Directors, the Holder shall
only be entitled to receive from the Company or any Successor Entity the same type or form of consideration (and in the same proportion), at the Black Scholes Value of the unexercised portion of this Warrant, that is being offered and paid to the
holders of Ordinary Shares of the Company in connection with the Fundamental Transaction, whether that consideration be in the form of cash, stock or any combination thereof, or whether the holders of Ordinary Shares are given the choice to
receive from among alternative forms of consideration in connection with the Fundamental Transaction; provided, further, that if holders of Ordinary Shares of the Company are not offered or paid any consideration in such Fundamental Transaction, such holders of Ordinary Shares will be deemed to
have received ordinary shares of the Successor Entity (which Successor Entity may be the Company following such Fundamental Transaction) in such Fundamental Transaction. Black Scholes Value means the value of this Warrant based on the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model obtained from the OV function on Bloomberg, L.P. (Bloomberg) determined as of the day of consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction for pricing purposes and reflecting (A) a risk-free interest rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal to
the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date, (B) an expected volatility equal to the volatility for the remaining exercise period as obtained from the HVT
function on Bloomberg (determined utilizing a 252 day annualization factor) as of the Trading Day immediately following the consummation of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction, (C) the underlying price per share used in such
calculation shall be the VWAP for the 30 days prior to the Trading Day immediately preceding the consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction contemplated,

(D) a remaining option time equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date and (E) cost of borrow for the Companys shares at the exercise date. The
payment of the Black Scholes Value will be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds (or such other consideration) within the later of (i) five Business Days of the Holders election and (ii) the date of consummation of the Fundamental
Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity)
to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(e) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the
Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument
substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the Ordinary Shares acquirable and receivable
upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but
taking into account the relative value of the Ordinary Shares pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of
protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental
Transaction, the Successor Entity shall be added to the term Company under this Warrant (so that from and after the occurrence or consummation of such Fundamental Transaction, each and every provision of this Warrant and the other Transaction
Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead to each of the Company and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally), and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally with the Company, may
exercise every right and power of the Company prior thereto and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities shall assume all of the obligations of the Company prior thereto under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents with the same
effect as if the Company and such Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally, had been named as the Company herein.

8

e) Calculations. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be.
For purposes of this Section 3, the number of Ordinary Shares deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of Ordinary Shares (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

f) Notice to Holder.

i. Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall
promptly deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Ordinary Shares, (B)
the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Ordinary Shares, (C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Ordinary Shares rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares
of capital of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any shareholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the Ordinary Shares, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its
Subsidiaries) is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Ordinary Shares are converted into other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the
voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder at its last email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register
of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or
warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Ordinary Shares of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such
reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Ordinary Shares of record shall be entitled to exchange their Ordinary
Shares for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall
not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the
Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the
effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

g) Voluntary Adjustment By Company. Subject to the rules and regulations of the
Trading Market, the Company may at any time during the term of this Warrant reduce the then current Exercise Price to any amount and for any period of time deemed appropriate by the board of directors of the Company.

9

Section 4. Transfer of Warrant.

a) Transferability. This Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable, in whole
or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or
attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or
assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be
cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this
Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new
holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b) New Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company,
together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such
division or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated
the initial issuance date of this Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c) Warrant Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant
Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the
Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

10

Section 5. Miscellaneous.

a) No Rights as Shareholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or
other rights as a shareholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly set forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise
pursuant to Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in no event shall the Company be required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

b) Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any share certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in
the case of the Warrant, shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or share certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or share certificate of like tenor and
dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or share certificate.

c) Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or
granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

d) Authorized Shares.

The Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Ordinary Shares a sufficient number
of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are
charged with the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as
provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Ordinary Shares may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise
of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable
and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

11

Except and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its articles of
association or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant,
but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may
be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations,
exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price,
the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e) Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be governed by and
construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense
of the transactions contemplated by this Warrant (whether brought against a party hereto or their respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and
federal courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder
or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of
any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or
proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Warrant and agrees that such service shall constitute good
and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If either party shall commence an action, suit or proceeding to
enforce any provisions of this Warrant, the prevailing party in such action, suit or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for their reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation
and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

12

f) Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and the Holder
does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g) Nonwaiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as
a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision of this Warrant, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results
in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings,
incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h) Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder including, without limitation,
any Notice of Exercise, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service, addressed to the Company, at 12 Abba Hillel Silver St. Ramat Gan, Israel, Attention:Meni Sofiof, Director of Finance, email address: meni@silexion.com, or such other email address or address as the Company may specify for such purposes by notice to the Holders. Any and all notices or
other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder at the e-mail address or
address of such Holder appearing on the books of the Company. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is
delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail at the
e-mail address set forth in this Section on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight
courier service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any
Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.

i) Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase
Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase price of any Ordinary Shares or as a shareholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted
by the Company or by creditors of the Company.

13

j) Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled
to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive
and not to assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k) Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to
the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this
Warrant and shall be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l) Amendment. This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company, on the one
hand, and the Holder of this Warrant, on the other hand.

m) Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under
applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions
or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

n) Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of
this Warrant.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

14

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

SILEXION THERAPEUTICS CORP

By: 

Name: Ilan Hadar

Title: Chief Executive Officer

By: 

Name: Mirit Horenshtein-Hadar, CPA

Title: Chief Financial Officer

15

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

TO: SILEXION THERAPEUTICS CORP

(1) The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised in full), and
tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box):

[ ] in lawful money of the United States; or

[ ] if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection 2(c), to exercise this Warrant with
respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3) Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

[SIGNATURE OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: ________________________________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: _________________________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: ___________________________________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________________________________

Date: ________________________________________________________________________________________

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please Print) 

Address: 

(Please Print) 

Phone Number: 

Email Address: 

Dated: _______________ ____, _______ 

Holders Signature: _______________ 

Holders Address: ________________
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>exhibit_4-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.2

PRE-FUNDED ORDINARY SHARE PURCHASE WARRANT

SILEXION THERAPEUTICS CORP

Warrant Shares: _______ 

Initial Exercise Date: January 17, 2025

THIS PRE-FUNDED ORDINARY SHARE PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, _____________ or its assigns (the Holder) is entitled, upon
the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after the date hereof (the Initial Exercise Date) and until this Warrant is exercised in full(the Termination Date)
but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Silexion Therapeutics Corp, a Cayman Islands corporation (the Company), up to ______ Ordinary Shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares). The purchase
price of Ordinary Share under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section 1. Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant, the following terms have the meanings indicated in this Section 1:

Affiliate means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Bid Price means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Ordinary Shares are then listed or
quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Ordinary Shares for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Ordinary Shares are then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading
Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Ordinary Shares for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as
applicable, (c) if the Ordinary Shares are not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Ordinary Shares are then reported on the Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of
reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Ordinary Share so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value an Ordinary Share as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a
majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Board of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized or required by
law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any other
similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New
York generally are open for use by customers on such day.

Commission means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Ordinary Share means the ordinary shares of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such securities may
hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Ordinary Share Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time
Ordinary Shares, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred shares, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive,
Ordinary Shares.

Person means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Purchase Agreement means the securities
purchase agreement, dated as of January 15, 2025, by and between the Company and each of the purchasers signatory thereto.

Registration Statement means the Companys registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-282932).

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Subsidiary means any subsidiary of the Company and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed or
acquired after the date hereof.

Trading Day means a day on which the Ordinary Shares are traded on a Trading Market.

Trading Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Ordinary Shares are listed or quoted for trading on the date in question:
the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange, OTCQB or OTCQX (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

2

Transfer Agent means Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 1 State
Street, 30th Floor, New York, NY 10004-1571, Attention: Maria Vaz, Account Manager and an email address of mvaz@continentalstock.com, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

VWAP means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Ordinary Shares are then listed or
quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Ordinary Shares for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Ordinary Shares are then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P.
(based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Ordinary Shares for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Ordinary Shares are not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Ordinary Shares are then reported on the Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding
to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per Ordinary Shares so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of an Ordinary Share as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the holders
of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Warrants means this Warrant and other Ordinary Share purchase warrants issued by the Company pursuant to the Registration Statement.

Section 2. Exercise.

a) Exercise of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on
or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice of
Exercise). Within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall
deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified
in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to
the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder
shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the
total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company
shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise on the Trading Day of receipt of such notice. The

Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for
purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

3

b) Exercise Price. The aggregate exercise price of this Warrant, except for a nominal exercise price of $0.0001 per Warrant Share, was
pre-funded to the Company on or prior to the Initial Exercise Date and, consequently, no additional consideration (other than the nominal exercise price of $0.0001 per Warrant Share) shall be required to be paid by the Holder to any Person to
effect any exercise of this Warrant. The Holder shall not be entitled to the return or refund of all, or any portion, of such pre-paid aggregate exercise price under any circumstance or for any reason whatsoever, including in the event this
Warrant shall not have been exercised prior to the Termination Date. The remaining unpaid exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $0.0001, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise Price).

c) Cashless Exercise. This Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the
Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) 

= as applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2)
delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) the Bid Price
of the Ordinary Shares on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg) as of the time of the Holders execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular
trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof, or (iii) the VWAP on the date of
the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after two (2) hours following the close of regular trading hours on such
Trading Day;

4

(B) = the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise
were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

If Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the
Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised. The Company agrees not to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

d) 

Mechanics of Exercise.

i. 

Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance
account with The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the
issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by Holder or (B) this Warrant is being exercised via cashless exercise, and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the
name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earlier of (i) one (1)
Trading Day after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant
Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised,
irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number
of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period following delivery of the Notice of Exercise. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share
Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Ordinary Shares on the date of the applicable
Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the third Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered
or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period
means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Ordinary Shares as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, with respect to any Notice(s) of Exercise delivered on or prior to 12:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Initial Exercise Date, which may be delivered at any time after the time of execution of the Purchase Agreement, the
Company agrees to deliver the Warrant Shares subject to such notice(s) by 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Initial Exercise Date and the Initial Exercise Date shall be the Warrant Share Delivery Date for purposes hereunder, provided
that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received by such Warrant Share Delivery Date.

5

ii. Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder
and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new
Warrant shall in all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii. Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section
2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

iv. Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the
Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section 2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date (other than any
such failure that is solely due to any action or inaction by the Holder with respect to such exercise), and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage
firm otherwise purchases, Ordinary Shares to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder
the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the Ordinary Shares so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was
required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the
Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of Ordinary Shares that would have been issued had the Company
timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Ordinary Shares having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of Ordinary Shares with an
aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating
the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in
equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver Ordinary Shares upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

6

v. No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this
Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such
fraction multiplied by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

vi. Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other
incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the
Holder; provided, however, that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto
duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day
processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii. Closing of Books. The Company will not close its shareholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this
Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

7

e) Holders Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise
any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any
other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of
the foregoing sentence, the number of Ordinary Shares beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such
determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of Ordinary Shares which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution
Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Ordinary Share Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise
analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be
calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with
Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this
Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission
of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this
Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as
contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding Ordinary Shares, a Holder
may rely on the number of outstanding Ordinary Shares as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent
written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of Ordinary Shares outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within one Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the
number of Ordinary Shares then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding Ordinary Shares shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its
Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding Ordinary Shares was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% (or, upon written election by a Holder prior to the issuance of any
Warrants, 9.99%) of the number of Ordinary Shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of Ordinary Shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of Ordinary
Shares upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section
2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to
such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

8

Section 3. Certain Adjustments.

a) Share Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a share dividend or otherwise makes a
distribution or distributions on Ordinary Shares or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in Ordinary Shares (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any Ordinary Shares issued by the Company upon exercise of this
Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding Ordinary Shares into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse share split) outstanding Ordinary Shares into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares
of the Ordinary Shares any shares of capital of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of Ordinary Shares (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding
immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of Ordinary Shares outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that
the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to receive such dividend
or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or reclassification.

b) Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues or
sells any Ordinary Share Equivalents or rights to purchase shares, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders of any class of Ordinary Shares (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire,
upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of Ordinary Shares acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any
limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the
date as of which the record holders of Ordinary Shares are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result
in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such Ordinary Shares as a result of such Purchase Right to such
extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

9

c) Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other
distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of Ordinary Shares, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, shares or other securities, property or options by way of
a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to
participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of Ordinary Shares acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on
exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of Ordinary
Shares are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holder's right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any Ordinary Shares as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such
Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). To the extent that this Warrant has not been
partially or completely exercised at the time of such Distribution, such portion of the Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until the Holder has exercised this Warrant.

d) Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this
Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person (other than solely for the purpose of changing the Companys name and/or the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Company or a holding company for the Company), (ii) the Company or any Subsidiary, directly or indirectly,
effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange
offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Ordinary Shares are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of
greater than 50% of the outstanding Ordinary Shares or greater than 50% of the voting power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification,
reorganization or recapitalization of the Ordinary Shares or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Ordinary Shares are effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or
indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with
another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires greater than 50% of the outstanding Ordinary Shares or greater than 50% of the voting power of the common equity of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon
such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of Ordinary Shares of the successor or
acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as
a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of Ordinary Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of
this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one Ordinary
Share in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If
holders of Ordinary Shares are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of
this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(e) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity
evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the Ordinary
Shares acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to
such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the Ordinary Shares pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price
being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any
such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall be added to the term Company under this Warrant (so that from and after the occurrence or consummation of such Fundamental Transaction, each and every provision of this Warrant and the
other Transaction Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead to each of the Company and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally), and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally with
the Company, may exercise every right and power of the Company prior thereto and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities shall assume all of the obligations of the Company prior thereto under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents
with the same effect as if the Company and such Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally, had been named as the Company herein.

10

e) Calculations. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be.
For purposes of this Section 3, the number of Ordinary Shares deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of Ordinary Shares (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

f) Notice to Holder.

i. Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall
promptly deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii. Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the
Ordinary Shares, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Ordinary Shares, (C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Ordinary Shares rights or warrants to subscribe for or
purchase any shares of capital of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any shareholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the Ordinary Shares, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or
any of its Subsidiaries) is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Ordinary Shares are converted into other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall
authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder at its last email address as it shall appear upon the
Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution,
redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Ordinary Shares of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date
on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Ordinary Shares of record shall be entitled to exchange
their Ordinary Shares for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery
thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any
of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice
to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

11

Section 4. Transfer of Warrant.

a) Transferability. This Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable, in whole
or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or
attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or
assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be
cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this
Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new
holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b) New Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company,
together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such
division or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated
the initial issuance date of this Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

12

c) Warrant Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant
Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the
Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

Section 5. Miscellaneous.

a) No Rights as Shareholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or
other rights as a shareholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly set forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise
pursuant to Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in no event shall the Company be required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

b) Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any share certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in
the case of the Warrant, shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or share certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or share certificate of like tenor and
dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or share certificate.

c) Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or
granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

d) Authorized Shares.

The Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Ordinary Shares a sufficient number
of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are
charged with the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as
provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Ordinary Shares may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise
of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable
and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

13

Except and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its articles of
association or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant,
but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may
be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations,
exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price,
the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e) Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be governed by and
construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense
of the transactions contemplated by this Warrant (whether brought against a party hereto or their respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and
federal courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder
or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of
any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or
proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Warrant and agrees that such service shall constitute good
and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If either party shall commence an action, suit or proceeding to
enforce any provisions of this Warrant, the prevailing party in such action, suit or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for their reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation
and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

14

f) Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and the Holder
does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g) Nonwaiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as
a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision of this Warrant, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results
in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings,
incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h) Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder including, without limitation,
any Notice of Exercise, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service, addressed to the Company, at 12 Abba Hillel Silver St. Ramat Gan, Israel, Attention:Meni Sofiof, Director of Finance, email address: meni@silexion.com, such other email address or address as the Company may specify for such purposes by notice to the Holders. Any and all notices or other
communications or deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder at the e-mail address or address of
such Holder appearing on the books of the Company. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via
e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address set
forth in this Section on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service,
or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the
Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.

15

i) Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase
Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase price of any Ordinary Shares or as a shareholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted
by the Company or by creditors of the Company.

j) Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled
to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive
and not to assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k) Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to
the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this
Warrant and shall be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l) Amendment. This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company, on the one
hand, and the Holder of this Warrant, on the other hand.

m) Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under
applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions
or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

n) Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of
this Warrant.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

16

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

SILEXION THERAPEUTICS CORP

By: 

Name: Ilan Hadar

Title: Chief Executive Officer

By: 

Name: Mirit Horenshtein-Hadar, CPA

Title: Chief Financial Officer

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

TO: SILEXION THERAPEUTICS CORP

(1) The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised in full), and
tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box):

in lawful money of the United States; or

if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection 2(c), to exercise this Warrant with
respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3) Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

[SIGNATURE OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: ________________________________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: _________________________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: ___________________________________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________________________________

Date: ________________________________________________________________________________________

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please Print) 

Address: 

(Please Print) 

Phone Number: 

Email Address: 

Dated: _______________ ____, _______ 

Holders Signature: _______________ 

Holders Address: ________________
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>exhibit_4-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.3

PLACEMENT AGENT ORDINARY SHARE PURCHASE WARRANT

SILEXION THERAPEUTICS CORP

Warrant Shares: _______ 

Initial Exercise Date: January 17, 2025

THIS PLACEMENT AGENT ORDINARY SHARE PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, _____________ or its assigns (the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms
and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after the date hereof (the Initial Exercise Date) and
on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on January 17, 2030 (the Termination
Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Silexion Therapeutics Corp, a Cayman Islands corporation (the Company), up to
______ Ordinary Shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares). The purchase price of Ordinary Share under this Warrant shall be equal to
the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b). This Warrant is issued pursuant to that certain Engagement Agreement, dated as of September 8, 2024, by and between the
Company and H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC, as amended.

Section 1. Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant, the following terms have the meanings indicated in this Section 1:

Affiliate means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a
Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Bid Price means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Ordinary Shares are then listed or
quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Ordinary Shares for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Ordinary Shares are then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day
from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Ordinary Shares for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as
applicable, (c) if the Ordinary Shares are not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Ordinary Shares are then reported on the Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of
reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Ordinary Share so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value an Ordinary Share as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority
in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Board of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized or required by law to
remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any other similar
orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York generally
are open for use by customers on such day.

Commission means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Ordinary Share means the ordinary shares of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such securities may
hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Ordinary Share Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Ordinary
Shares, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred shares, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Ordinary Shares.

Person means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Purchase Agreement means the securities
purchase agreement, dated as of January 15, 2025, by and between the Company and each of the purchasers signatory thereto.

Registration Statement means the Companys registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-282932).

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Subsidiary means any subsidiary of the Company and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed or
acquired after the date hereof.

2

Trading Day means a day on which the Ordinary Shares are traded on a Trading Market.

Trading Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Ordinary Shares are listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the
NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange, OTCQB or OTCQX (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transfer Agent means Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 1 State Street,
30th Floor, New York, NY 10004-1571, Attention: Maria Vaz, Account Manager and an email address of mvaz@continentalstock.com, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

VWAP means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Ordinary Shares are then listed or quoted on
a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Ordinary Shares for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Ordinary Shares are then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a
Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Ordinary Shares for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX
as applicable, (c) if the Ordinary Shares are not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Ordinary Shares are then reported on the Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of
reporting prices), the most recent bid price per Ordinary Shares so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of an Ordinary Share as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the holders of a majority in
interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Warrants means this Warrant and other Ordinary Share purchase warrants issued by the Company pursuant to the Registration Statement.

Section 2. Exercise.

a) Exercise of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on or
after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice of Exercise).

Within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate
Exercise Price for the shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice
of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall
not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the
Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available
hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of
Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise on the Trading Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of
this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less
than the amount stated on the face hereof.

3

b) Exercise Price. The exercise price per Ordinary Share
under this Warrant shall be $1.6875, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise
Price).

c) Cashless Exercise. If at the time of exercise hereof there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus contained
therein is not available for the issuance of the Warrant Shares to the Holder, then this Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of
Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) 

= as applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2)
delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) the Bid Price of
the Ordinary Shares on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg) as of the time of the Holders execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading
hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) thereof or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the
applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after two (2) hours following the close of regular trading hours on such Trading
Day;

(B) = the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by
means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

If Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the
Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised. The Company agrees not to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

4

d) 

Mechanics of Exercise.

i.Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the
Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system
(DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale
of the Warrant Shares by Holder or (B) this Warrant is being exercised via cashless exercise, and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of
Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of
Exercise and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). 

Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the
Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement
Period following delivery of the Notice of Exercise. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as
liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Ordinary Shares on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on
the third Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a
participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period,
expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Ordinary Shares as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Notice(s) of Exercise
delivered on or prior to 12:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Initial Exercise Date, which may be delivered at any time after the time of execution of the Purchase Agreement, the Company agrees to deliver the Warrant Shares subject to such notice(s)
by 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Initial Exercise Date and the Initial Exercise Date shall be the Warrant Share Delivery Date for purposes hereunder, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless
exercise) is received by such Warrant Share Delivery Date.

ii. Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and
upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant
shall in all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii. Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i)
by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

iv. Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder,
if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section 2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date (other than any such failure
that is solely due to any action or inaction by the Holder with respect to such exercise), and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise
purchases, Ordinary Shares to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any,
by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the Ordinary Shares so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to
the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number
of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of Ordinary Shares that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and
delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Ordinary Shares having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of Ordinary Shares with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such
purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect
of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of
specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver Ordinary Shares upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

5

v. No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this
Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction
multiplied by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

vi. Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other
incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the
Holder; provided, however, that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly
executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any
Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii. Closing of Books. The Company will not close its shareholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this
Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

e) Holders Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any
portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other
Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the
foregoing sentence, the number of Ordinary Shares beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is
being made, but shall exclude the number of Ordinary Shares which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii)
exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Ordinary Share Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the
limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with
Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act
and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to
other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to
be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with
Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding Ordinary Shares, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding Ordinary Shares as
reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting
forth the number of Ordinary Shares outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within one Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of Ordinary Shares then outstanding. In any case, the
number of outstanding Ordinary Shares shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such
number of outstanding Ordinary Shares was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% (or, upon written election by a Holder prior to the issuance of any Warrants, 9.99%) of the number of Ordinary Shares outstanding
immediately after giving effect to the issuance of Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided
that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of Ordinary Shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of Ordinary Shares upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of
this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to
the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or
inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor
holder of this Warrant.

6

Section 3. Certain Adjustments.

a) Share Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a share dividend or otherwise makes a
distribution or distributions on Ordinary Shares or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in Ordinary Shares (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any Ordinary Shares issued by the Company upon exercise of this Warrant),
(ii) subdivides outstanding Ordinary Shares into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse share split) outstanding Ordinary Shares into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the
Ordinary Shares any shares of capital of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of Ordinary Shares (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately
before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of Ordinary Shares outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate
Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution
and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or reclassification.

b) Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues or sells
any Ordinary Share Equivalents or rights to purchase shares, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders of any class of Ordinary Shares (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the
terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of Ordinary Shares acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on
exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the
record holders of Ordinary Shares are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such Ordinary Shares as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right
to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

c) Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other
distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of Ordinary Shares, by way of return of capital or otherwise, other than cash (including, without limitation, any distribution of shares or other securities, property or options by
way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled
to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of Ordinary Shares acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise
hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of Ordinary Shares are to
be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holder's right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation,
then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any Ordinary Shares as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in
abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). To the extent that this Warrant has not been partially or completely exercised at the
time of such Distribution, such portion of the Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until the Holder has exercised this Warrant.

7

d) Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this
Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person (other than solely for the purpose of changing the Companys name and/or the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Company or a holding company for the Company), (ii) the Company or any Subsidiary, directly or indirectly, effects
any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer
(whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Ordinary Shares are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of greater than
50% of the outstanding Ordinary Shares or greater than 50% of the voting power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or
recapitalization of the Ordinary Shares or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Ordinary Shares are effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or
more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of
Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires greater than 50% of the outstanding Ordinary Shares or greater than 50% of the voting power of the common equity of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise
of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to
any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of Ordinary Shares of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate
Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of Ordinary Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section
2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in
respect of one Ordinary Share in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate
Consideration. If holders of Ordinary Shares are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon
any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in the event of a Fundamental Transaction, the Company or any Successor Entity (as defined below) shall, at the Holders option,
exercisable at any time concurrently with, or within 30 days after, the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction (or, if later, the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction), purchase this Warrant from the Holder
by paying to the Holder an amount of cash equal to the Black Scholes Value (as defined below) of the remaining unexercised portion of this Warrant on the date of the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction; provided, however, that, if the
Fundamental Transaction is not within the Company's control, including not approved by the Company's Board of Directors, the Holder shall only be entitled to receive from the Company or any Successor Entity the same type or form of consideration (and
in the same proportion), at the Black Scholes Value of the unexercised portion of this Warrant, that is being offered and paid to the holders of Ordinary Shares of the Company in connection with the Fundamental Transaction, whether that consideration
be in the form of cash, stock or any combination thereof, or whether the holders of Ordinary Shares are given the choice to receive from among alternative forms of consideration in connection with the Fundamental Transaction; provided, further, that
if holders of Ordinary Shares of the Company are not offered or paid any consideration in such Fundamental Transaction, such holders of Ordinary Shares will be deemed to have received ordinary shares of the Successor Entity (which Successor Entity
may be the Company following such Fundamental Transaction) in such Fundamental Transaction. Black Scholes Value means the value of this Warrant based on the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model obtained from the OV function on Bloomberg, L.P.
(Bloomberg) determined as of the day of consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction for pricing purposes and reflecting (A) a risk-free interest rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal to the time between the date
of the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date, (B) an expected volatility equal to the volatility for the remaining exercise period as obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg
(determined utilizing a 252 day annualization factor) as of the Trading Day immediately following the consummation of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction, (C) the underlying price per share used in such calculation shall be the VWAP
for the 30 days prior to the Trading Day immediately preceding the consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction contemplated, (D) a remaining option time
equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date and (E) cost of borrow for the Companys shares at the exercise date. The payment of the Black Scholes
Value will be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds (or such other consideration) within the later of (i) five Business Days of the Holders election and (ii) the date of consummation of the Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall
cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant in accordance with the provisions of this Section
3(e) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the
Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such
Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the Ordinary Shares acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an
exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the Ordinary Shares pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such
number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and
substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall be added to the term Company under this Warrant (so that from and after the occurrence or consummation of such Fundamental Transaction,
each and every provision of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead to each of the Company and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally), and the Successor Entity or
Successor Entities, jointly and severally with the Company, may exercise every right and power of the Company prior thereto and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities shall assume all of the obligations of the Company prior thereto under this
Warrant and the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if the Company and such Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally, had been named as the Company herein.

e) Calculations. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For
purposes of this Section 3, the number of Ordinary Shares deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of Ordinary Shares (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

8

f) Notice to Holder.

i. Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly
deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii. Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Ordinary
Shares, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Ordinary Shares, (C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Ordinary Shares rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any
shares of capital of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any shareholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the Ordinary Shares, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its
Subsidiaries) is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Ordinary Shares are converted into other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the
voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder at its last email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of
the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or
warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Ordinary Shares of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such
reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Ordinary Shares of record shall be entitled to exchange their Ordinary
Shares for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not
affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries,
the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of
the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

Section 4. Transfer of Warrant.

a) Transferability. Pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1), neither this Warrant nor any Warrant Shares issued upon exercise of this Warrant shall be
sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated, or be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that would result in the effective economic disposition of the securities by any person for a period of 180 days
immediately following the commencement of sales of the offering pursuant to which this Warrant is being issued, except as permitted under FINRA Rule 5110(e)(2). Subject to the foregoing restriction, this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including,
without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the
form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and
deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this
Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in
full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in
accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

9

b) New Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company,
together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such
division or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the
initial issuance date of this Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c) Warrant Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant
Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder,
and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

Section 5. Miscellaneous.

a) No Rights as Shareholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or
other rights as a shareholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly set forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant
to Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in no event shall the Company be required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

b) Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to
it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any share certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the
Warrant, shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or share certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or share certificate of like tenor and dated as of such
cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or share certificate.

c) Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted
herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

d) Authorized Shares.

The Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Ordinary Shares a sufficient number of
shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with
the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein
without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Ordinary Shares may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase
rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all
taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

10

Except and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its articles of
association or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but
will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or
appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents
from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price, the
Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e) Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be governed by and
construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of
the transactions contemplated by this Warrant (whether brought against a party hereto or their respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal
courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in
connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such
court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by
mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Warrant and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient
service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If either party shall commence an action, suit or proceeding to enforce any provisions
of this Warrant, the prevailing party in such action, suit or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for their reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such
action or proceeding.

f) Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and the Holder
does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g) Nonwaiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as a
waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision of this Warrant, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in any
material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the
Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h) Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder including, without limitation, any
Notice of Exercise, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service, addressed to the Company, at 12 Abba Hillel Silver St. Ramat Gan, Israel, Attention:Meni Sofiof, Director of Finance, email address: meni@silexion.com, or such other email address or address as the Company may specify for such purposes by notice to the Holders. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries
to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder at the e-mail address or address of such Holder appearing on the
books of the Company. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth
in this Section prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section on a day that is not
a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom
such notice is required to be given. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the
Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.

11

i) Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase
Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase price of any Ordinary Shares or as a shareholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by
the Company or by creditors of the Company.

j) Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to
specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not
to assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k) Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant
and shall be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l) Amendment. This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company, on the one hand,
and the Holder of this Warrant, on the other hand.

m) Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under
applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or
the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

n) Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this
Warrant.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

12

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

SILEXION THERAPEUTICS CORP

By: 

Name: Ilan Hadar

Title: Chief Executive Officer

By: 

Name: Mirit Horenshtein-Hadar, CPA

Title: Chief Financial Officer

13

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

TO: SILEXION THERAPEUTICS CORP

(1) The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised in full), and tenders
herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box):

[ ] in lawful money of the United States; or

[ ] if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection 2(c), to exercise this Warrant with
respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3) Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

[SIGNATURE OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: ________________________________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: _________________________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: ___________________________________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________________________________

Date: ________________________________________________________________________________________

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please Print) 

Address: 

(Please Print) 

Phone Number: 

Email Address: 

Dated: _______________ ____, _______ 

Holders Signature: _______________ 

Holders Address: ________________
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>exhibit_10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This Securities Purchase Agreement (this Agreement) is dated as of January 15, 2025, between Silexion Therapeutics Corp, a Cayman Islands corporation (the Company), and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto (each, including its successors and assigns, a Purchaser and collectively the Purchasers).

WHEREAS, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act (as defined below), the
Company desires to issue and sell to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser, severally and not jointly, desires to purchase from the Company, securities of the Company as more fully described in this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby
acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser agree as follows:

ARTICLE I.

DEFINITIONS

1.1 Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings set
forth in this Section 1.1:

Acquiring Person shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.5.

Action shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(j).

Affiliate means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Board of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized or required by
law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any other
similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New
York are generally open for use by customers on such day.

Closing means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to Section 2.1.

Closing Date means the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties thereto, and
all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchasers obligations to pay the Subscription Amount and (ii) the Companys obligations to deliver the Securities, in each case, have been satisfied or waived, but in no event later than the first (1st) Trading
Day following the date hereof (or the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date hereof if this Agreement is signed on a day that is not a Trading Day or after 4:00
p.m. (New York City time) and before midnight (New York City time) on a Trading Day).

Commission means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Company Cayman Counsel means Conyers Dill & Pearman LLP, with offices located at Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive, P.O. Box 2681, Grand Cayman,
KY1-1111, Cayman Islands.

Company Israeli Counsel means Meitar Law Offices, with offices located at 16 Abba Hillel Road, Ramat Gan, Israel 5251608.

Company U.S. Counsel means Greenberg Traurig, LLP, with offices located at 132 Menachem Begin Rd., Tel Aviv, Israel 6701101.

Disclosure Schedules means the Disclosure Schedules of the Company delivered concurrently herewith.

Disclosure Time means, (i) if this Agreement is signed on a day that is not a Trading Day or after 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) and before midnight
(New York City time) on any Trading Day, 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately following the date hereof, unless otherwise instructed as to an earlier time by the Placement Agent, and (ii) if this Agreement is signed between
midnight (New York City time) and 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, no later than 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the date hereof, unless otherwise instructed as to an earlier time by the Placement Agent.

EGS means Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP, with offices located at 1345 Avenue of the Americas, New York, New York 10105-0302.

Evaluation Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(s).

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exempt Issuance means the issuance of (a) Ordinary Shares, restricted share unit or options to employees, officers or directors of the Company
pursuant to any share or option plan duly adopted for such purpose, by a majority of the non-employee members of the Board of Directors or a majority of the members of a committee of non-employee directors established for such purpose for services
rendered to the Company, (b) securities upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any Securities issued hereunder, warrants to the Placement Agent in connection with the transactions pursuant to this Agreement and any securities upon
exercise of warrants to the Placement Agent and/or other securities exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into Ordinary Shares issued and outstanding on the date of this Agreement, provided that such securities have not been amended since
the date of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities (other than in connection with share splits or combinations) or to extend the term of such
securities, and (c) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic transactions approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company, provided that such securities are issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule
144) and carry no registration rights that require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith during the prohibition period in Section 4.11(a) herein, and provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or
to the equityholders of a Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the business of the Company and shall provide to the Company additional benefits in addition
to the investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing in securities.

2

FCPA means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

FDA shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(hh).

FDCA shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(hh).

Federal Reserve shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(nn).

GAAP shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Indebtedness shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(aa).

Intellectual Property Rights shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(p).

Liens means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

Lock-Up Agreement means the Lock-Up Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and among the Company and the directors, and officers of the Company,
in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto.

Material Adverse Effect shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1(b).

Material Permits shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(n).

Ordinary Share means the ordinary shares of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such securities may
hereafter be reclassified or changed.

3

Ordinary Share Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time
Ordinary Shares, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred share, right, option, restricted share unit, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder
thereof to receive, Ordinary Shares.

Ordinary Warrants means the Ordinary Share purchase warrants delivered to the Purchasers at the Closing in accordance with Section 2.2(a) hereof,
which Ordinary Warrants shall be exercisable immediately and have a term of exercise equal to five (5) years, in the form of Exhibit B attached hereto.

Ordinary Warrant Shares means the Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Ordinary Share Warrants.

Money Laundering Laws shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(oo).

Per Share Purchase Price equals $1.35, subject to adjustment for reverse and forward share splits, share dividends, share combinations and other similar transactions of the Ordinary Shares that occur
after the date of this Agreement and prior to the Closing Date, provided that the purchase price per Pre-Funded Warrant shall be the Per Share Purchase Price minus $0.0001.

Person means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Pharmaceutical Product shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(hh).

Placement Agent means H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC.

Pre-Funded Warrant means, collectively, the Pre-Funded Ordinary Share purchase warrants delivered to the Purchasers at the Closing in accordance with
Section 2.2(a) hereof, which Pre-Funded Warrants shall be exercisable immediately and shall expire when exercised in full, in the form of Exhibit C attached hereto.

Preliminary Prospectus means any preliminary prospectus included in the Registration Statement, as originally filed or as part of any amendment
thereto, or filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(a) of the rules and regulations of the Commission under the Securities Act, including all information, documents and exhibits filed with or incorporated by reference into such preliminary
prospectus, including all information, documents and exhibits filed with or incorporated by reference into such preliminary prospectus.

Pricing Prospectus means (i) the
Preliminary Prospectus relating to the Securities that was included in the Registration Statement immediately prior to 5:15 p.m. (New York City time) on the date hereof and (ii) any free writing prospectus (as defined in the Securities Act) identified on Schedule I hereto, taken together.

4

Proceeding means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

Prospectus means the final prospectus filed for the Registration Statement.

Purchaser Party shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.8.

Registration Statement means the effective registration statement with Commission on Form S-1 (File No. 333-282932) which registers the sale of the
Shares, the Warrants and the Warrant Shares to the Purchasers, and includes any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement.

Required Approvals shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e).

Rule 144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time, or
any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

Rule 424 means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time, or
any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

Rule 462(b) Registration Statement means any registration statement prepared by the Company registering additional Securities, which was filed with
the Commission on or prior to the date hereof and became automatically effective pursuant to Rule 462(b) promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act.

SEC Reports shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Securities means the Shares, the Warrants and the Warrant Shares.

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Shares means the shares of Ordinary Shares issued or issuable to each Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement.

Short Sales means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be deemed to include locating
and/or borrowing Ordinary Shares). 

5

Subscription Amount means, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be paid for Shares and Warrants purchased hereunder as specified below such
Purchasers name on the signature page of this Agreement and next to the heading Subscription Amount, in United States dollars and in immediately available funds (excluding for the avoidance of doubt, if applicable, a Purchasers aggregate
exercise price of the Pre-Funded Warrants, which amounts shall be paid as and when such Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised for cash).

Subsidiary means any subsidiary of the Company as set forth on Schedule 3.1(a), and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or
indirect subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof.

Trading Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Ordinary Shares are listed or quoted for trading on the date in question:
the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange, the Pink Open Market, OTCQB or the OTCQX (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction Documents means this Agreement, the Lock-Up Agreement, the Warrants, all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto and any other documents
or agreements executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

Transfer Agent means Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 1 State
Street, 30th Floor, New York, NY 10004-1571, Attention: Maria Vaz, Account Manager and an email address of mvaz@continentalstock.com, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

Variable Rate Transaction shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.11(b).

Warrants means, collectively, the Ordinary Share Warrants and Pre-Funded Warrants.

Warrant Shares means the Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants.

ARTICLE II.

PURCHASE AND SALE

2.1 Closing. On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchasers, severally and not jointly, agree to purchase, up to an
aggregate of $2,000,000.70of Shares and Ordinary Warrants; provided, however, that, to the extent that a Purchaser determines, in its
sole discretion, that such Purchaser (together with such Purchasers Affiliates, and any Person acting as a group together with such Purchaser or any of such Purchasers Affiliates) would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation, or as such Purchaser may otherwise choose, in lieu of purchasing Shares such Purchaser may elect to purchase Pre-Funded Warrants in lieu of Shares in such manner to result in the same aggregate purchase price being paid by such
Purchaser to the Company. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% (or, at the election of the Purchaser at Closing, 9.99%) of the number of Ordinary Shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of the
Securities on the Closing Date. Each Purchasers Subscription Amount as set forth on the signature page hereto executed by such Purchaser shall be made available for Delivery Versus Payment (DVP) settlement with the Company or its designee.
The Company shall deliver to each Purchaser its respective Shares Pre-Funded Warrants and Ordinary Warrants as determined pursuant to Section 2.2(a), and the Company and each Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.2
deliverable at the Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, the Closing shall take place remotely by electronic transfer of the Closing documentation. Each Purchaser acknowledges that,
concurrently with the Closing and pursuant to the Prospectus, the Company may sell up to $2,999,998.35 of additional Shares and Warrants to purchasers not party to this Agreement and will issue to such purchasers such Shares and Ordinary Warrants
or Pre-Funded Warrants and Ordinary Warrants in the same form and at the same Per Share Purchase Price. Unless otherwise directed by the Placement Agent, settlement of the Shares shall occur via DVP(i.e., on the Closing Date, the Company shall issue, or cause its Transfer Agent to issue, the Shares registered in the Purchasers names and addresses and released by the
Transfer Agent directly to the account(s) at the Placement Agent identified by each Purchaser; upon receipt of such Shares, the Placement Agent shall promptly electronically deliver such Shares to the applicable Purchaser, and payment therefor
shall be made by the Placement Agent (or its clearing firm) by wire transfer to the Company). Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time on or after the time of execution of this Agreement by the Company and an applicable
Purchaser, through, and including the time immediately prior to the Closing (the Pre-Settlement Period), such Purchaser sells to any Person all, or any portion, of the Shares to be issued hereunder to such Purchaser at the Closing
(collectively, the Pre-Settlement Shares), such Purchaser shall, automatically hereunder (without any additional required actions by such Purchaser or the Company), be deemed to be unconditionally bound to purchase, such Pre-Settlement Shares
at the Closing; provided, that the Company shall not be required to deliver any Pre-Settlement Shares to such Purchaser prior to the Companys receipt of the purchase price of such Pre-Settlement Shares hereunder; and provided further that the
Company hereby acknowledges and agrees that the forgoing shall not constitute a representation or covenant by such Purchaser as to whether or not during the Pre-Settlement Period such Purchaser shall sell any Ordinary Shares to any Person and
that any such decision to sell any Ordinary Shares by such Purchaser shall solely be made at the time such Purchaser elects to effect any such sale, if any. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Notice(s) of Exercise (as defined in
the applicable Warrants) delivered on or prior to 12:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Closing Date, which may be delivered at any time after the time of execution of this Agreement, the Company agrees to deliver the Warrant Shares subject to
such notice(s) by 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Closing Date and the Closing Date shall be the Warrant Share Delivery Date (as defined in the applicable Warrants) for purposes hereunder.

6

2.2 Deliveries.

(a) On or prior to the Closing Date (except as indicated below), the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser the following:

(i) this Agreement duly executed by the Company;

(ii) a legal opinion of Company U.S. Counsel, directed to the Placement Agent and the Purchasers, in a form and substance reasonably acceptable to the
Placement Agent and the Purchasers;

(iii) a legal opinion of Company Israeli Counsel, directed to the Placement Agent and the Purchasers, in a form and substance reasonably acceptable to
the Placement Agent and the Purchasers;

(iv) a legal opinion of Company Cayman Counsel, directed to the Placement Agent and the Purchasers, in a form and substance reasonably acceptable to
the Placement Agent and the Purchasers;

(v) subject to Section 2.1, the Company shall have provided each Purchaser with the Companys wire instructions, on Company letterhead and executed by
the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer;

(vi) subject to Section 2.1, a copy of the irrevocable instructions to the Transfer Agent instructing the Transfer Agent to deliver on an expedited
basis via The Depository Trust Company Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) Shares equal to such Purchasers Subscription Amount divided by the Per Share Purchase Price, registered in the name of such Purchaser;

(vii) an Ordinary Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser to purchase up to a number of Ordinary Shares equal to 100% of such Purchasers Shares, with an exercise price equal to $1.35, subject to adjustment
therein;

(viii) for each Purchaser of Pre-Funded Warrants pursuant to Section 2.1, a Pre-Funded Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser to purchase up
to a number of Ordinary Shares equal to the portion of such Purchasers Subscription Amount applicable to Pre-Funded Warrant divided by the Per Share Purchase Price minus $0.0001, with an exercise price equal to $0.0001, subject to adjustment
therein;

(ix) on the date hereof, the duly executed Lock-Up Agreements; and

(x) the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus (which may be delivered in accordance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act).

(b) On or prior to the Closing Date, each Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company the following:

(i) this Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser; and

(ii) such Purchasers Subscription Amount, which shall be made available for Delivery Versus Payment settlement with the Company or its designee.

7

2.3 Closing Conditions.

(a) The obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in
all respects) on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained herein (unless as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or
warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) as of such date);

(ii) all obligations, covenants and agreements of each Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed in
all material respects; and

(iii) the delivery by each Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement.

(b) The respective obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in
all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (unless as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate in all material respects or, to the extent
representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) as of such date);

(ii) all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed;

(iii) the delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement;

(iv) there shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company since the date hereof; and

(v) from the date hereof to the Closing Date, trading in the Ordinary Shares shall not have been suspended by the Commission or the Companys
principal Trading Market, and, at any time prior to the Closing Date, trading in securities generally as reported by Bloomberg L.P. shall not have been suspended or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on securities whose
trades are reported by such service, or on any Trading Market, nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared either by the United States or New York State authorities nor shall there have occurred any material outbreak or escalation of
hostilities or other national or international calamity of such magnitude in its effect on, or any material adverse change in, any financial market which, in each case, in the reasonable judgment of such Purchaser, makes it impracticable or
inadvisable to purchase the Securities at the Closing.

8

ARTICLE III.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

3.1 Representations and Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth in the Disclosure Schedules, which Disclosure Schedules shall be deemed a part hereof and
shall qualify any representation made herein to the extent of the disclosure contained in the corresponding section of the Disclosure Schedules, the Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to each Purchaser:

(a) Subsidiaries. All of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company are set forth on Schedule 3.1(a). The Company owns,
directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens, and all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid,
non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. If the Company has no subsidiaries, all other references to the Subsidiaries or any of them in the Transaction Documents shall be disregarded.

(b) Organization and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly
existing and in good standing (if the concept of good standing exists in such jurisdiction) under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power and authority to own and use its properties and assets and
to carry on its business as currently conducted and described in the SEC Reports. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or
other organizational or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business
conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, would not have or reasonably be expected to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the
legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document, (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole,
or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material Adverse Effect) and no Proceeding has
been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification.

(c) Authorization; Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company
and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys
shareholders in connection herewith or therewith other than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party has been (or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the
Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by general equitable
principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance,
injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

9

(d) No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is
a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or
articles of association, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien
upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, anti-dilution or similar adjustments, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of,
any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company or any
Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to
which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii),
such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(e) Filings, Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice to,
or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than:
(i) the filings required pursuant to Section 4.4 of this Agreement, (ii) the filing with the Commission of the Prospectus Supplement, (iii) application(s) to each applicable Trading Market for the listing of the Shares and Warrant Shares for
trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby, and (iv) such filings as are required to be made under applicable state securities laws (collectively, the Required Approvals).

(f) Issuance of the Securities; Registration. The
Securities are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company. The Warrant
Shares, when issued in accordance with the terms of the Warrants, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company. The Company has reserved from its duly authorized share capital the maximum
number of Ordinary Shares issuable pursuant to this Agreement and the Warrants. The Company has prepared and filed the Registration Statement in conformity with the requirements of the Securities Act, which became effective on January 15, 2025 (the Effective Date), including the Prospectus, and such
amendments and supplements thereto as may have been required to the date of this Agreement. The Registration Statement is effective under the Securities Act and no stop order preventing or suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement
or suspending or preventing the use of and Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus has been issued by the Commission and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or, to the knowledge of the Company, are threatened by the Commission. 
The Company, if required by the rules and regulations of the Commission, shall file the Prospectus with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b). At the time the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto became effective, at the date of this
Agreement and at the Closing Date, the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto conformed and will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and did not and will not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; and the Pricing Prospectus and the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto, at the time the
Pricing Prospectus and the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto was issued and at the Closing Date, conformed and will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and did not and will not contain an
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

10

(g) Capitalization. The capitalization of the Company as
of the date hereof is as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g), which Schedule
3.1(g) shall also include the number of Ordinary Shares owned beneficially, and of record, by Affiliates of the Company as of the date hereof. Except as disclosed in Schedule 3.1(g), the Company has not issued any share capital since its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, other

than pursuant to the exercise of employee or director share options under the Companys share option plans, the issuance of Ordinary Shares to employees or directors pursuant to the Companys employee share purchase plans and pursuant to the
vesting, conversion and/or exercise of Ordinary Share Equivalents outstanding as of the date of the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act. No Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or
any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Except as a result of the purchase and sale of the Securities and set forth on Schedule 3.1(g), there are no outstanding options, restricted share units, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations
convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any Ordinary Shares or the share capital of any Subsidiary, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the
Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional Ordinary Shares or Ordinary Share Equivalents or share capital of any Subsidiary. The issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to
issue Ordinary Shares or other securities to any Person (other than the Purchasers). Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g), there are no outstanding
securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary with any provision that adjusts the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price of such security or instrument upon an issuance of securities by the Company or any Subsidiary. There are
no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may
become bound to redeem a security of the Company or such Subsidiary. The Company does not have any stock appreciation rights or phantom stock plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of
the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued in compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or
similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. Other than the Required Approvals, no further approval or authorization of any shareholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Securities. There
are no shareholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys share capital to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Companys shareholders.

(h) SEC Reports; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be
filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the two years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file
such material) (the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, together with the Pricing Prospectus and the Prospectus, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports) on
a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the
requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in
order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company has never been an issuer subject to Rule 144(i) under the Securities Act. The financial statements of the Company included
in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in
accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (GAAP), except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that
unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of
operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments.

11

(i) Material Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included
within the SEC Reports, except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(i), (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has had or that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not
incurred any liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Companys
financial statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in the SEC Reports, (iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting, (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property to its shareholders
or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its share capital and (v) the Company has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant to existing Company option plans. 
The Company does not have pending before the Commission any request for confidential treatment of information. Except for the issuance of the Securities contemplated by this Agreement or as set forth on Schedule 3.1(i), no event, liability,
fact, circumstance, occurrence or development has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to occur or exist with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, prospects, properties, operations, assets or financial
condition that would be required to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws at the time this representation is made or deemed made that has not been publicly disclosed at least 1 Trading Day prior to the date that this
representation is made.

(j) Litigation. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(j), there is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or
investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory
authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign) (collectively, an Action). None of the Actions set forth on Schedule 3.1(j), (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the
Transaction Documents or the Securities or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any
director or officer thereof (in his or her capacity as such), is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty which would, if
there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission involving
the Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company (in his or her capacity as such). The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company
or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

12

(k) Labor Relations. No material labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees of
the Company, which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys or its Subsidiaries employees is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary,
and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe that their relationships with their employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive
officer of the Company or any Subsidiary, is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information agreement or non-competition agreement, or any other
contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third party, and the continued employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability with respect to any of the foregoing
matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except where the failure to be in
compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(l) Compliance. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that has not
been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor has the Company or any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of,
any indenture, loan or credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound (whether or not such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment,
decree or order of any court, arbitrator or other governmental authority or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental authority, including without limitation all foreign, federal, state and
local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational health and safety, product quality and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect.

(m) Environmental Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws
relating to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata), including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of
chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the environment, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage,
disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, permits, plans or regulations, issued, entered,
promulgated or approved thereunder (Environmental Laws); (ii) have received all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses; and (iii) are in compliance
with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval where in each clause (i), (ii) and (iii), the failure to so comply could be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

13

(n) Regulatory Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate
federal, state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports, except where the failure to possess such permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect (Material Permits), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any Material Permit.

(o) Title to Assets. The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to or have valid rights to lease or
otherwise use all real property that is described on the SEC Reports and good and marketable title in or have valid rights to lease or otherwise use all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company and the
Subsidiaries, in each case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the
Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens for the payment of federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and, the payment of which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real
property and facilities held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance except where such failure to so comply would
not be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(p) Intellectual Property. The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks,
trademark applications, service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights and similar rights necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses as described
in the SEC Reports and which the failure to so have, or have the right to use, could have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights). None of, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a
notice (written or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual Property Rights has expired, terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned, within two (2) years from the date of this Agreement, except as would not
reasonably be expeted to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within the SEC Reports, a written notice of a claim or otherwise has
any knowledge that the Intellectual Property Rights violate or infringe upon the rights of any Person, except as would not have or reasonably be expected to not have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Company, all such Intellectual
Property Rights are enforceable and there is no existing infringement by another Person of any of the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality
and value of all of their intellectual properties, except where failure to do so could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

14

(q) Insurance. The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks
and in such amounts as are prudent and customary for companies of similar size as the Company in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged, including, but not limited to, directors and officers insurance coverage at least
equal to the aggregate Subscription Amount. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from
similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business without a significant increase in cost.

(r) Transactions With Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(r), none of the officers or directors of the
Company or any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and
directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or
otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee,
shareholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000 other than for (i) payment of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and (iii) other employee benefits,
including share option agreements under any share option plan of the Company.

(s) Sarbanes-Oxley; Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance in all material respects with any and all
applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended that are effective as of the date hereof, and any and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the Commission thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof and
as of the Closing Date. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(s), the Company and the Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance
with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only
in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. The
Company and the Subsidiaries have established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries and designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that
information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms. The Companys
certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures of the Company and the Subsidiaries as of the end of the period covered by the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act (such date, the
Evaluation Date). The Company presented in its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act the conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their
evaluations as of the Evaluation Date. Since the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in the internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in the Exchange Act) of the Company and its Subsidiaries that have materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the internal control over financial reporting of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

15

(t) Certain Fees. Except as set forth in the Pricing Prospectus and the Prospectus, no brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will
be payable by the Company or any Subsidiary to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The Purchasers
shall have no obligation with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this Section that may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated by the
Transaction Documents.

(u) Investment Company. The Company is not required to be registered as, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment
for the Securities, will not be required to be registered as or be an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. The Company shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will
not become an investment company subject to registration under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(v) Registration Rights. No Person has any right to cause the Company or any Subsidiary to effect the registration under the Securities Act of
any securities of the Company or any Subsidiary.

(w) Listing and Maintenance Requirements. The Ordinary Shares are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, and the
Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Ordinary Shares under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is
contemplating terminating such registration. The Company has not, in the 12 months preceding the date hereof, received notice from any Trading Market on which the Ordinary Shares are or have been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is
not in compliance with the listing or maintenance requirements of such Trading Market. The Company is, and has no reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance with all such listing and maintenance
requirements. The Ordinary Shares are currently eligible for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation and the Company is current in payment of the fees to the Depository Trust Company (or
such other established clearing corporation) in connection with such electronic transfer.

16

(x) Application of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to render
inapplicable any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or other similar antitakeover provision under the Companys certificate of incorporation (or similar charter
documents) or the laws of its state of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the Purchasers as a result of the Purchasers and the Company fulfilling their obligations or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents,
including without limitation as a result of the Companys issuance of the Securities and the Purchasers ownership of the Securities.

(y) Disclosure. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, the
Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided any of the Purchasers or their agents or counsel with any information that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information which is
not otherwise disclosed in the Pricing Prospectus and the Prospectus. The Company understands and confirms that the Purchasers will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. All of the
disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchasers regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries, their respective businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Disclosure Schedules to this Agreement, is true
and correct in all material respects and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading. The press releases disseminated by the Company during the twelve months preceding the date of this Agreement taken as a whole do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to
be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made and when made, not misleading. The Company acknowledges and agrees that no Purchaser makes or has made any
representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth in Section 3.2 hereof.

(z) No Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, neither the
Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf (other than the Placement Agent) has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances
that would cause this offering of the Securities to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of any applicable shareholder approval provisions of any Trading Market on which any of the securities of the Company are listed or
designated.

(aa) Solvency. Based on the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the Closing Date, after giving effect to the receipt by the
Company of the proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder, (i) the fair saleable value of the Companys assets exceeds the amount that will be required to be paid on or in respect of the Companys existing debts and other liabilities
(including known contingent liabilities) as they mature, (ii) the Companys assets do not constitute unreasonably small capital to carry on its business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted including its capital needs taking into
account the particular capital requirements of the business conducted by the Company, consolidated and projected capital requirements and capital availability thereof, and (iii) the current cash flow of the Company, together with the proceeds the
Company would receive, were it to liquidate all of its assets, after taking into account all anticipated uses of the cash, would be sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of its liabilities when such amounts are required to be paid. The
Company does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature (taking into account the timing and amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt). The Company has no knowledge of any facts or circumstances
which lead it to believe that it will file for reorganization or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization laws of any jurisdiction within one year from the Closing Date. Schedule 3.1(aa) sets forth as of the date hereof all
outstanding secured and unsecured Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary, or for which the Company or any Subsidiary has commitments. For the purposes of this Agreement, Indebtedness means (x) any liabilities for borrowed money or
amounts owed by the Company in excess of $50,000 (other than trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (y) all guaranties, endorsements and other contingent obligations in respect of indebtedness of others, whether or not
the same are or should be reflected in the Companys consolidated balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business;
and (z) the present value of any lease payments in excess of $50,000 due under leases required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP. Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or would reasonably be expected to
result in a Material Adverse Effect, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default with respect to any Indebtedness.

17

(bb) Tax Status. Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all United States federal, state and local income and all foreign income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is
subject, (ii) has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations except for such taxes, if any, as are being contested in good faith
and as to which adequate reserves have been established by the Company in accordance with GAAP, and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all unpaid material taxes in accordance with GAAP. There are no
unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary know of no basis for any such claim.

(cc) Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any agent or
other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made
any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary
(or made by any person acting on its behalf of which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law, or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA.

(dd) Accountants. The Companys independent registered public accounting firm is set forth in the Pricing Prospectus and the Prospectus. To
the knowledge and belief of the Company, such accounting firm (i) is a registered public accounting firm as required by the Exchange Act and (ii) shall express its opinion with respect to the financial statements to be included in the Companys
Annual Report for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2024.

(ee) Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each of the Purchasers is acting
solely in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby. The Company further acknowledges that no Purchaser is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the
Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by any Purchaser or any of their respective representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction
Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby is merely incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to each Purchaser that the Companys decision to enter into this Agreement and the other
Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the transactions contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives.

(ff) Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Trading Activity. Anything in this Agreement or elsewhere herein to the contrary notwithstanding
(except for Sections 3.2(f) and 4.13 hereof), it is understood and acknowledged by the Company that: (i) none of the Purchasers has been asked by the Company to agree, nor has any Purchaser agreed, to desist from purchasing or selling, long and/or
short, securities of the Company, or derivative securities based on securities issued by the Company or to hold the Securities for any specified term; (ii) past or future open market or other transactions by any Purchaser, specifically including,
without limitation, Short Sales or derivative transactions, before or after the closing of this or future private placement transactions, may negatively impact the market price of the Companys publicly-traded securities; (iii) any Purchaser, and
counter-parties in derivative transactions to which any such Purchaser is a party, directly or indirectly, presently may have a short position in the Ordinary Shares, and (iv) each Purchaser shall not be deemed to have any affiliation with or
control over any arms length counter-party in any derivative transaction. The Company further understands and acknowledges that (y) one or more Purchasers may engage in hedging activities at various times during the period that the Securities
are outstanding, including, without limitation, during the periods that the value of the Warrant Shares deliverable with respect to Securities are being determined, and (z) such hedging activities (if any) could reduce the value of the existing
shareholders equity interests in the Company at and after the time that the hedging activities are being conducted. The Company acknowledges that such aforementioned hedging activities do not constitute a breach of any of the Transaction
Documents.

18

(gg) Regulation M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly,
any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or, paid any compensation for
soliciting purchases of, any of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of the Company, other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), compensation
paid to the Placement Agent in connection with the placement of the Securities.

(hh) FDA. As to each product subject to the jurisdiction of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) under the Federal Food, Drug
and Cosmetic Act, as amended, and the regulations thereunder (FDCA) that is manufactured, packaged, labeled, tested, distributed, sold, and/or marketed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (each such product, a Pharmaceutical
Product), such Pharmaceutical Product is being manufactured, packaged, labeled, tested, distributed, sold and/or marketed by the Company in compliance with all applicable requirements under FDCA and similar laws, rules and regulations
relating to registration, investigational use, premarket clearance, licensure, or application approval, good manufacturing practices, good laboratory practices, good clinical practices, product listing, quotas, labeling, advertising, record keeping
and filing of reports, except where the failure to be in compliance would not have a Material Adverse Effect. There is no pending, completed or, to the Company's knowledge, threatened, action (including any lawsuit, arbitration, or legal or
administrative or regulatory proceeding, charge, complaint, or investigation) against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice, warning letter or other communication from the
FDA or any other governmental entity, which (i) contests the premarket clearance, licensure, registration, or approval of, the uses of, the distribution of, the manufacturing or packaging of, the testing of, the sale of, or the labeling and
promotion of any Pharmaceutical Product, (ii) withdraws its approval of, requests the recall, suspension, or seizure of, or withdraws or orders the withdrawal of advertising or sales promotional materials relating to, any Pharmaceutical Product,
(iii) imposes a clinical hold on any clinical investigation by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (iv) enjoins production at any facility of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (v) enters or proposes to enter into a consent decree of
permanent injunction with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or (vi) otherwise alleges any violation of any laws, rules or regulations by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and which, either individually or in the aggregate, would have a
Material Adverse Effect. The properties, business and operations of the Company have been and are being conducted in all material respects in accordance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations of the FDA. The Company has not been informed
by the FDA that the FDA will prohibit the marketing, sale, license or use in the United States of any product proposed to be developed, produced or marketed by the Company nor has the FDA expressed any concern as to approving or clearing for
marketing any product being developed or proposed to be developed by the Company which would have a Material Adverse Effect.

19

(ii) Cybersecurity. (i)(x) There has been no security breach or other compromise of or relating to any of the Companys or any Subsidiarys
information technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data (including the data of its respective customers, employees, suppliers, vendors and any third party data maintained by or on behalf of it), equipment or technology
(collectively, IT Systems and Data) and (y) the Company and the Subsidiaries have not been notified of, and has no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in, any security breach or other compromise
to its IT Systems and Data except in the case of each of clauses (i)(x) and (y), such as would not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; (ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries are presently in compliance with all
applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and
Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; (iii) the Company and the Subsidiaries
have implemented and maintained commercially reasonable safeguards to maintain and protect its material confidential information and the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security of all IT Systems and Data; and (iv) the Company and
the Subsidiaries have implemented backup and disaster recovery technology consistent with industry standards and practices.

(jj) Compliance with Data Privacy Laws. (i) The Company and the Subsidiaries are, and at all times during the last three (3) years were, in
compliance in all material respects with all applicable state, federal and foreign data privacy and security laws and regulations, including, without limitation, the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU 2016/679)
(collectively, Privacy Laws); (ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries have in place, comply with, and take appropriate steps reasonably designed to ensure compliance with their policies and procedures relating to data privacy and security
and the collection, storage, use, disclosure, handling and analysis of Personal Data (as defined below) (the Policies); (iii) the Company provides accurate notice of its applicable Policies to its customers, employees, third party vendors
and representatives as required by the Privacy Laws; and (iv) applicable Policies provide accurate and sufficient notice of the Companys then-current privacy practices relating to its subject matter, and do not contain any material omissions of
the Companys then-current privacy practices, as required by Privacy Laws. Personal Data means (i) a natural persons name, street address, telephone number, email address, photograph, social security number, bank information, or customer
or account number; (ii) any information which would qualify as personally identifying information under the Federal Trade Commission Act, as amended; (iii) personal data as defined by GDPR; and (iv) any other piece of information that allows
the identification of such natural person, or his or her family, or permits the collection or analysis of any identifiable data related to an identified persons health or sexual orientation. (i) None of such disclosures made or contained in any of
the Policies have been inaccurate, misleading, or deceptive in violation of any Privacy Laws and (ii) the execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents will not result in a breach of any Privacy Laws or Policies. Neither the
Company nor the Subsidiaries (i) to the knowledge of the Company, has received written notice of any actual or potential liability of the Company or the Subsidiaries under, or actual or potential violation by the Company or the Subsidiaries of, any
of the Privacy Laws; (ii) is currently conducting or paying for, in whole or in part, any investigation, remediation or other corrective action pursuant to any regulatory request or demand pursuant to any Privacy Law; or (iii) is a party to any
order, decree, or agreement by or with any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority that imposed any obligation or liability under any Privacy Law.

20

(kk) Share Option Plans. Each share option granted by the Company under the Companys share option plan was granted (i) in accordance with the
terms of the Companys share option plan and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the Ordinary Shares on the date such share option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No share option granted
under the Companys share option plan has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no Company policy or practice to knowingly grant, share options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of
share options with, the release or other public announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results or prospects.

(ll) Office of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Company's knowledge, any director, officer, agent,
employee or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC).

(mm) U.S. Real Property Holding Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within the meaning
of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon Purchasers request.

(nn) Bank Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of
1956, as amended (the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly,
five percent (5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent or more of the total equity of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve.

21

(oo) Money Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with
applicable financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, applicable money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money

Laundering Laws), and no Action or Proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the
knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened.

3.2 Representations and Warranties of the Purchasers. Each Purchaser, for itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents and warrants as of the date hereof
and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein, in which case they shall be accurate as of such date):

(a) Organization; Authority. Such Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited liability company or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the
Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance by such Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have
been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership, limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to which it is a party has been duly executed by such Purchaser, and
when delivered by such Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except: (i) as limited by general equitable
principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance,
injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

(b) Understandings or Arrangements. Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and has no direct or indirect
arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Securities (this representation and warranty not limiting such Purchasers right to sell the Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement
or otherwise in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws). Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities hereunder in the ordinary course of its business.

(c) Purchaser Status. At the time such Purchaser was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, and on each date on
which it exercises any Warrants, it will be an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7), (a)(8), (a)(9), (a)(12), or (a)(13) under the Securities Act.

22

(d) Experience of Such Purchaser. Such Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication and
experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the Securities, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Such Purchaser is able to bear the
economic risk of an investment in the Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

(e) Access to Information. Such Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review the Transaction Documents (including all
exhibits and schedules thereto) and the SEC Reports and has been afforded, (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed necessary of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of
the offering of the Securities and the merits and risks of investing in the Securities; (ii) access to information about the Company and its financial condition, results of operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to
enable it to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the opportunity to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that is necessary to make an informed investment decision with
respect to the investment. Such Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that neither the Placement Agent nor any Affiliate of the Placement Agent has provided such Purchaser with any information or advice with respect to the Securities nor is such
information or advice necessary or desired. Neither the Placement Agent nor any Affiliate has made or makes any representation as to the Company or the quality of the Securities and the Placement Agent and any Affiliate may have acquired
non-public information with respect to the Company which such Purchaser agrees need not be provided to it. In connection with the issuance of the Securities to such Purchaser, neither the Placement Agent nor any of its Affiliates has acted as a
financial advisor or fiduciary to such Purchaser.

(f) Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than
consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Purchaser has not, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, directly or indirectly executed any purchases or sales, including Short
Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that such Purchaser first received a term sheet (written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the definitive pricing terms of the transactions contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of
a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio
managers managing other portions of such Purchasers assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities
covered by this Agreement. Other than to other Persons party to this Agreement or to such Purchasers representatives, including, without limitation, its officers, directors, partners, legal and other advisors, employees, agents and Affiliates,
such Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing
contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

The Company acknowledges and agrees that the representations contained in this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect such Purchasers right to rely on the Companys representations and
warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties contained in any other Transaction Document or any other document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement or the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order to
effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

23

ARTICLE IV.

OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1 Warrant Shares. If all or any portion of a Warrant is exercised at a time when there is an effective registration statement to cover the issuance or resale
of the Warrant Shares or if the Warrant is exercised via cashless exercise, the Warrant Shares issued pursuant to any such exercise shall be issued free of all legends. If at any time following the date hereof the Registration Statement (or any
subsequent registration statement registering the sale or resale of the Warrant Shares) is not effective or is not otherwise available for the sale or resale of the Warrant Shares, the Company shall reasonably promptly notify the holders of the
Warrants in writing that such registration statement is not then effective and thereafter shall reasonably promptly notify such holders when the registration statement is effective again and available for the sale or resale of the Warrant Shares
(it being understood and agreed that the foregoing shall not limit the ability of the Company to issue, or any Purchaser to sell, any of the Warrant Shares in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws). The Company shall use
reasonable best efforts to keep a registration statement (including the Registration Statement) registering the issuance or resale of the Warrant Shares effective during the term of the Warrants.

4.2 Furnishing of Information. Until the earliest of the time that (i) no Purchaser owns Securities or (ii) the Warrants have expired, the Company covenants to
use reasonable best efforts to timely file (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act even if the Company
is not then subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act.

4.3 Integration. The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in Section 2
of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities for purposes of the rules and regulations of any Trading Market such that it would require shareholder approval prior to the closing of such other transaction
unless shareholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.

4.4 Securities Laws Disclosure; Publicity. The Company shall (a) by the Disclosure Time, issue a press release disclosing the material terms of the transactions
contemplated hereby, and (b) file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including copies of the Transaction Documents (or forms thereof) as exhibits thereto, with the Commission within the time required by the Exchange Act. From and after the issuance of
such press release, the Company represents to the Purchasers that it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to any of the Purchasers by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective
officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agents, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. In addition, effective upon the issuance of such press
release, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement, whether written or oral, between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors,
employees, Affiliates or agents, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, on the one hand, and any of the Purchasers or any of their Affiliates on the other hand, shall terminate and be of no further force or effect. The Company
understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. The Company and the Placement Agent shall consult with each other in issuing any other press releases
with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, and neither the Company nor any Purchaser shall issue any such press release nor otherwise make any such public statement without the prior consent of the Company, with respect to any press
release of any Purchaser, or without the prior consent of the Placement Agent, with respect to any press release of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure is required by law, in which
case the disclosing party shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement or communication. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of any Purchaser, or include the name of
any Purchaser in any filing with the Commission or any regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the prior written consent of such Purchaser, except (a) as required by federal securities law in connection with the filing of final Transaction
Documents with the Commission and (b) to the extent such disclosure is required by law or Trading Market regulations, in which case the Company shall provide the Purchasers with prior notice of such disclosure permitted under this clause (b) and
reasonably cooperate with such Purchaser regarding such disclosure.

24

4.5 Shareholder Rights Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person, that any Purchaser is an Acquiring

Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by the Company, or that any
Purchaser could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving Securities under the Transaction Documents or under any other agreement between the Company and the Purchasers.

4.6 Non-Public Information. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, which shall
be disclosed pursuant to Section 4.4, the Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other Person acting on its behalf will provide any Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably
believes constitutes, material non-public information, unless prior thereto such Purchaser shall have consented in writing to the receipt of such information and agreed in writing with the Company to keep such information confidential. The Company
understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. To the extent that the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers,
directors, agents, employees or Affiliates delivers any material, non-public information to a Purchaser without such Purchasers consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that such Purchaser shall not have any duty of confidentiality to the
Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agents, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, or a duty to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective
officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agents, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, not to trade on the basis of, such material, non-public information, provided that the Purchaser shall remain subject to applicable law. To
the extent that any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously with the delivery of such notice file
such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.

4.7 Use of Proceeds. Except as set forth in the Pricing Prospectus and the Prospectus, the Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the Securities
hereunder for working capital purposes and other general corporate purposes and shall not use such proceeds: (a) for the satisfaction of any portion of the Companys debt (other than payment of trade payables in the ordinary course of the Companys
business and prior practices), (b) for the redemption of any Ordinary Shares or Ordinary Share Equivalents, (c) for the settlement of any outstanding litigation or (d) in violation of FCPA or OFAC regulations.

25

4.8 Indemnification of Purchasers. Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.8, the Company will indemnify and hold each Purchaser and its directors,
officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls such
Purchaser (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders, agents, members, partners or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a
Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of such controlling persons (each, a Purchaser Party) harmless from any and all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and
expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or incur as a result of or relating to (a) any breach of any of the
representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents or (b) any action instituted against the Purchaser Parties in any capacity, or any of them or their respective
Affiliates, by any shareholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of such Purchaser Party, with respect to any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (unless such action is solely based upon a material breach of such 
Purchaser Partys representations, warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings such Purchaser Party may have with any such shareholder or any violations by such Purchaser Party of state or federal
securities laws or any conduct by such Purchaser Party which is finally judicially determined to constitute fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct. If any action shall be brought against any Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity may
be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Purchaser Party shall promptly notify the Company in writing, and, the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser
Party. Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Purchaser Party except to the extent
that (i) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized by the Company in writing, (ii) the Company has failed after a reasonable period of time to assume such defense and to employ counsel or (iii) in such action there is, in the
reasonable opinion of counsel a material conflict on any material issue between the position of the Company and the position of such Purchaser Party, in which case the Company shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of no more
than one such separate counsel. The Company will not be liable to any Purchaser Party under this Agreement (y) for any settlement by a Purchaser Party effected without the Companys prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld
or delayed; or (z) to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss, claim, damage or liability is attributable to any Purchaser Partys breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by a Purchaser Party in this
Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents. The indemnification required by this Section 4.8 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or are
incurred. The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to any cause of action or similar right of any Purchaser Party against the Company or others and any liabilities the Company may be subject to pursuant to law.

4.9 Reservation of Ordinary Shares. As of the date hereof, the Company has reserved and the Company shall continue to reserve and keep available at all times,
free of preemptive rights, a sufficient number of Ordinary Sharesfor the purpose of enabling the Company to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement and Warrant Shares pursuant to any exercise of the Warrants.

4.10 Listing of Ordinary Shares . The Company hereby agrees to use reasonable best efforts to maintain the listing or quotation of the Ordinary Shares on
the Trading Market on which is the Ordinary Shares are currently listed, and concurrently with the Closing, the Company shall apply to list or quote all of the Shares and Warrant Shares on such Trading Market and promptly secure the listing of all
of the Shares and Warrant Shares on such Trading Market. The Company further agrees, if the Company applies to have the Ordinary Shares traded on any other Trading Market, it will then include in such application all of the Shares and Warrant
Shares, and will take such other action as is necessary to cause all of the Shares and Warrant Shares to be listed or quoted on such other Trading Market as promptly as possible. The Company will then take all action reasonably necessary to
continue the listing and trading of its Ordinary Shares on a Trading Market and will comply in all respects with the Companys reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Trading Market. The Company agrees to
maintain the eligibility of the Ordinary Shares for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation, including, without limitation, by timely payment of fees to the Depository Trust Company or
such other established clearing corporation in connection with such electronic transfer.

26

4.11 Subsequent Equity Sales.

(a) From the date hereof until sixty (60) days after the Closing Date, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall (i) issue, enter into any
agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of Ordinary Shares or Ordinary Share Equivalents or (ii) file any registration statement or amendment or supplement thereto, other than the Prospectus, the filing of any
amendment or supplement to an existing registration statement for an at the market offering with the Placement Agent as sales agent, or filing a registration statement on Form S-8 in connection with any employee benefit plan.

(b) From the date hereof until the one (1) year from the Closing Date, the Company shall be prohibited from effecting or entering into an agreement
to effect any issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of Ordinary Shares or Ordinary Share Equivalents (or a combination of units thereof) involving a Variable Rate Transaction. Variable Rate Transaction means a transaction in which the Company (i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include the right to
receive additional Ordinary Shares either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate or other price that is based upon and/or varies with the trading prices of or quotations for the Ordinary Shares at any time after the initial
issuance of such debt or equity securities, or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified or
contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the Ordinary Shares or (ii) enters into, or effects a transaction under, any agreement, including, but not limited to, an equity line of credit or
an at-the-market offering, whereby the Company may issue securities at a future determined price regardless of whether shares pursuant to such agreement have actually been issued and regardless of whether such agreement is subsequently
canceled; provided, however, that, after sixty (60) days after
the Closing Date, (i) the entry into and/or issuance of Ordinary Shares in an at the market offering with the Placement Agent as sales agent shall not be deemed a Variable Rate Transaction and (ii) the issuance of shares pursuant to the Share
Purchase Agreement, dated August 13, 2024 and effective as of August 15, 2024, by and between the Company and White Lion Capital, LLC shall not be deemed a Variable Rate Transaction, as such may be amended from time to time after sixty (60) days after the Closing Date. Any Purchaser shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be in
addition to any right to collect damages.

(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 4.12 shall not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance, except that no Variable Rate Transaction shall
be an Exempt Issuance.

4.12 Equal
Treatment of Purchasers. No consideration (including any modification of the Transaction Documents) shall be offered or paid to any Person to
amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of the Transaction Documents unless the same consideration is also offered to all of the parties to
the Transaction Documents. For clarification purposes, this provision constitutes a separate right granted to each Purchaser by the Company and negotiated
separately by each Purchaser, and is intended for the Company to treat the Purchasers as a class and shall not in any way be construed as the Purchasers acting in concert or as a group with respect to the purchase, disposition or voting of
Securities or otherwise.

27

4.13 Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that neither it nor any Affiliate
acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales, including Short Sales of any of the Companys securities during the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at such time
that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that until such
time as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4, such Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this
transaction and the information included in the Disclosure Schedules (other than as disclosed to its legal representatives). Notwithstanding the foregoing and notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company
expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) no Purchaser makes any representation, warranty or covenant hereby that it will not engage in effecting transactions in any securities of the Company after the time that the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4, (ii) no Purchaser shall be restricted or prohibited from effecting any transactions in any securities of the Company in accordance with
applicable securities laws from and after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4 and (iii) no Purchaser shall have any duty of
confidentiality or duty not to trade in the securities of the Company to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates, or agent, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent,
after the issuance of the initial press release as described in Section 4.4. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such
Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchasers assets, the covenant set forth above shall only apply with respect to the
portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement.

4.14 Reserved.

4.15 Exercise Procedures. The form of Notice of Exercise included in the Warrants set forth the totality of the procedures required of the Purchasers in order to
exercise the Warrants. No additional legal opinion, other information or instructions shall be required of the Purchasers to exercise their Warrants. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required,
nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise form be required in order to exercise the Warrants. The Company shall honor exercises of the Warrants and shall deliver Warrant Shares in
accordance with the terms, conditions and time periods set forth in the Transaction Documents.

4.16 Lock-Up Agreements. The Company shall not amend, modify, waive or terminate any provision of any of the Lock-Up Agreements except to extend the term of the
lock-up period and shall enforce the provisions of each Lock-Up Agreement in accordance with its terms. If any party to a Lock-Up Agreement breaches any provision of a Lock-Up Agreement, the Company shall promptly use its best efforts to seek
specific performance of the terms of such Lock-Up Agreement.

28

ARTICLE V.

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchasers obligations hereunder only and without any effect whatsoever on the
obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other parties, if the Closing has not been consummated on or before the fifth (5th)
Trading Day following the date hereof; provided, however, that no such termination will affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties).

5.2 Fees and Expenses. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and expenses of its advisers,
counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees
(including, without limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company and any exercise notice delivered by a Purchaser), stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the
delivery of any Securities to the Purchasers.

5.3 Entire Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, the Pricing Prospectus and the Prospectus, contain the entire
understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such
documents, exhibits and schedules.

5.4 Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed
given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City
time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a
Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally
recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto.

5.5 Amendments; Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed, in the case of an
amendment, by the Company and Purchasers which purchased at least 50.1% in interest of the Shares and Pre-Funded Warrants based on the initial Subscription Amounts hereunder (or, prior to the Closing, the Company and each Purchaser) or, in the case
of a waiver, by the party against whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought, provided that if any amendment, modification or waiver disproportionately and adversely impacts a Purchaser (or multiple Purchasers), the consent of such
disproportionately impacted Purchaser (or at least 50.1% in interest of such multiple Purchasers) shall also be required. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a
continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the
exercise of any such right. Any proposed amendment or waiver that disproportionately, materially and adversely affects the rights and obligations of any Purchaser relative to the comparable rights and obligations of the other Purchasers shall
require the prior written consent of such adversely affected Purchaser. Any amendment effected in accordance with this Section 5.5 shall be binding upon each Purchaser and holder of Securities and the Company.

29

5.6 Headings. The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the
provisions hereof.

5.7 Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns. The Company
may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Purchaser (other than by merger). Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom such
Purchaser assigns or transfers any Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred Securities, by the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Purchasers.

5.8 No Third-Party Beneficiaries. The Placement Agent shall be the third party beneficiary of the representations, warranties, and covenants of the Company in
this Agreement and the representations, warranties, and covenants of the Purchasers in this Agreement. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and is not for the
benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise set forth in Section 4.8 and this Section 5.8.

5.9 Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be governed by and
construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and
defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be
commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for
the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and
agrees not to assert in any Action or Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such Action or Proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such Proceeding. Each party hereby
irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such Action or Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the
address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve
process in any other manner permitted by law. If any party shall commence an Action or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of the Company under Section 4.8, the prevailing party
in such Action or Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the non-prevailing party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such Action or Proceeding.

30

5.10 Survival. The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Securities for two (2) years following the
Closing Date.

5.11 Execution. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement and
shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party, it being understood that the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by e-mail delivery of
a .pdf format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

5.12 Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, void or
unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially
reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the
parties that they would have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

5.13 Rescission and Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions of) any of the other
Transaction Documents, whenever any Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction Document and the Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then such Purchaser may
rescind or withdraw, in its sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election in whole or in part without prejudice to its future actions and rights; provided, however,
that, in the case of a rescission of an exercise of a Warrant, the applicable Purchaser shall be required to return any Ordinary Shares subject to any such rescinded exercise notice concurrently with the return to such Purchaser of the
aggregate exercise price paid to the Company for such shares and the restoration of such Purchasers right to acquire such shares pursuant to such Purchasers Warrant (including, issuance of a replacement warrant certificate evidencing such
restored right).

31

5.14 Replacement of Securities. If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall issue or
cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation), or in lieu of and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to
the Company of such loss, theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also pay any reasonable third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such
replacement Securities.

5.15 Remedies. In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, each of the Purchasers and
the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary damages may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the
Transaction Documents and hereby agree to waive and not to assert in any Action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate.

5.16 Payment Set Aside. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document or a Purchaser enforces
or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by or
are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including, without limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then
to the extent of any such restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

5.17 Independent Nature of Purchasers Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document are several and not joint with
the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance or non-performance of the obligations of any other Purchaser under any Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or in any other
Transaction Document, and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the
Purchasers are in any way acting in concert or as a group with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each Purchaser shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce its rights including,
without limitation, the rights arising out of this Agreement or out of the other Transaction Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional party in any Proceeding for such purpose. Each Purchaser
has been represented by its own separate legal counsel in its review and negotiation of the Transaction Documents. For reasons of administrative convenience only, each Purchaser and its respective counsel have chosen to communicate with the
Company through EGS. EGS does not represent any of the Purchasers and only represents The Placement Agent. The Company has elected to provide all Purchasers with the same terms and Transaction Documents for the convenience of the Company and not
because it was required or requested to do so by any of the Purchasers. It is expressly understood and agreed that each provision contained in this Agreement and in each other Transaction Document is between the Company and a Purchaser, solely,
and not between the Company and the Purchasers collectively and not between and among the Purchasers.

32

5.18 Liquidated Damages. The Companys obligations to pay any partial liquidated damages or other amounts owing under the Transaction Documents is a continuing
obligation of the Company and shall not terminate until all unpaid partial liquidated damages and other amounts have been paid notwithstanding the fact that the instrument or security pursuant to which such partial liquidated damages or other
amounts are due and payable shall have been canceled.

5.19 Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc.If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein shall
not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

5.20 Construction. The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise the Transaction Documents
and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each
and every reference to share prices and Ordinary Shares in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse and forward share splits, share dividends, share combinations and other similar
transactions of the Ordinary Shares that occur after the date of this Agreement.

5.21 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER
PARTY, THE PARTIES EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY.

(Signature Pages Follow)

33

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first
indicated above.

SILEXION THERAPEUTICS CORP 

Address for Notice:

By: 

Name: Ilan Hadar E-Mail:

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

By: 

Name: Mirit Horenshtein-Hadar, CPA 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): 

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

SIGNATURE PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]

34

[PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGES TO SILEXION THERAPEUTICS CORP SECURITIES 

PURCHASE AGREEMENT]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated
above.

Name of Purchaser: ________________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser: _________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: _______________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: ________________________________________________

Email Address of Authorized Signatory: _________________________________________

Address for Notice to Purchaser:

Address for Delivery of Securities to Purchaser (if not same as address for notice):

Subscription Amount: $_________________

Shares: _________________

Pre-Funded Warrant Shares: ___________ Beneficial Ownership Blocker 4.99% or 9.99%

Warrant Shares: __________________ Beneficial Ownership Blocker 4.99% or 9.99%

EIN Number: ____________________

Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, by checking this box (i) the obligations of the above-signed to purchase the securities set forth in this Agreement to be
purchased from the Company by the above-signed, and the obligations of the Company to sell such securities to the above-signed, shall be unconditional and all conditions to Closing shall be disregarded, (ii) the Closing shall occur on the first
(1st) Trading Day following the date of this Agreement and (iii) any condition to Closing contemplated by this Agreement (but prior to being disregarded by clause (i) above) that required delivery by the Company or the above-signed of any
agreement, instrument, certificate or the like or purchase price (as applicable) shall no longer be a condition and shall instead be an unconditional obligation of the Company or the above-signed (as applicable) to deliver such agreement,
instrument, certificate or the like or purchase price (as applicable) to such other party on the Closing Date.

[SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE]

35
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>exhibit_99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Silexion Therapeutics Announces Pricing of $5.0 Million Public Offering

Cayman Islands, January 15, 2025 -- Silexion Therapeutics Corp. (NASDAQ: SLXN) (Silexion Therapeutics or the Company), a
clinical-stage biotech developing RNA interference (RNAi) therapies for KRAS-driven cancers, today announced the pricing of a public offering of an aggregate of 3,703,703 of the Companys ordinary shares (or ordinary share equivalents) and warrants
to purchase up to 3,703,703 ordinary shares at a combined public offering price of $1.35 per share (or per ordinary share equivalent) and accompanying warrant. The warrants will have an exercise price of $1.35 per share, will be exercisable
immediately upon issuance and will expire five years from the date of issuance. The closing of the offering is expected to occur on or about January 17, 2025, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions.

H.C. Wainwright & Co. is acting as the exclusive placement agent for the offering.

The gross proceeds from the offering, before deducting the placement agent's fees and other offering expenses, are expected to be
approximately $5.0 million. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from this offering to advance the Companys pre-clinical studies, and for general corporate purposes.

The securities described above are being offered pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-282932), which was
declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on January 15, 2025. The offering is being made only by means of a prospectus forming part of the effective registration statement relating to the offering. A preliminary
prospectus relating to the offering has been filed with the SEC. Electronic copies of the final prospectus, when available, may be obtained on the SECs website at http://www.sec.gov and may also be obtained by contacting H.C. Wainwright & Co.,
LLC at 430 Park Avenue, 3rd Floor, New York, NY 10022, by phone at (212) 856-5711 or e-mail at placements@hcwco.com.

This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any of the securities described herein,
nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or other
jurisdiction.

About Silexion Therapeutics

Silexion Therapeutics is a pioneering clinical-stage, oncology-focused biotechnology company developing innovative RNA interference
(RNAi) therapies to treat solid tumors driven by KRAS mutations, the most common oncogenic driver in human cancers. The company's first-generation product, LODER, has shown promising results in a Phase 2 trial for non-resectable pancreatic cancer.
Silexion is also advancing its next-generation siRNA candidate, SIL-204, designed to target a broader range of KRAS mutations and showing significant potential in preclinical studies. The company remains committed to pushing the boundaries of
therapeutic innovation in oncology, with a focus on improving outcomes for patients with difficult-to-treat cancers. For more information please visit: https://silexion.com

Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All statements other than
statements of historical fact contained in this communication, including statements regarding the completion of the offering, the satisfaction of customary closing conditions related to the offering and the intended use of net proceeds from the
offering. These forward-looking statements are generally identified by terminology such as "may", "should", "could", "might", "plan", "possible", "project", "strive", "budget", "forecast", "expect", "intend", "will", "estimate", "anticipate",
"believe", "predict", "potential" or "continue", or the negatives of these terms or variations of them or similar terminology. Forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, and actual results or events may
differ materially from those projected or implied in those statements. Important factors that could cause such differences include, but are not limited to: (i) Silexions ability to successfully complete preclinical studies and initiate clinical
trials; (ii) Silexions strategy, future operations, financial position, projected costs, prospects, and plans; (iii) the impact of the regulatory environment and compliance complexities; (iv) expectations regarding future partnerships or other
relationships with third parties; (v) Silexions future capital requirements and sources and uses of cash, including its ability to obtain additional capital; and (vi) other risks and uncertainties set forth in the documents filed or to be filed with
the SEC by the company, including the proxy statement/prospectus filed with the SEC on July 17, 2024. Silexion cautions you against placing undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which reflect current beliefs and are based on information
currently available as of the date a forward-looking statement is made. Forward-looking statements set forth herein speak only as of the date they are made. Silexion undertakes no obligation to revise forward-looking statements to reflect future
events, changes in circumstances, or changes in beliefs, except as otherwise required by law.

Company Contact:

Silexion Therapeutics Corp

Ms. Mirit Horenshtein Hadar, CFO

mirit@silexion.com

Capital Markets & IR Contact:

ARX | Capital Markets Advisors

North American Equities Desk

silexion@arxadvisory.com

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>slxn-20250115.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>slxn-20250115_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>slxn-20250115_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Domain] 

Class of Stock [Axis] 

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Amendment Flag 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Ex Transition Period 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Entity Listings [Table] 

Entity Listings [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Warrants exercisable for Ordinary Shares at an exercise price of $11.50 per share [Member] 

Ordinary Shares, par value $0.0001 per share [Member]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>slxn-20250115_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Document and Entity Information

Jan. 15, 2025

Entity Listings [Line Items] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 15, 2025

Entity File Number 001-42253

Entity Registrant Name Silexion Therapeutics Corp

Entity Central Index Key 0002022416

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code E9

Entity Tax Identification Number 00-0000000

Entity Address, Address Line One 12 Abba Hillel Road

Entity Address, City or Town Ramat-Gan

Entity Address, Country IL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 5250606

City Area Code 972

Local Phone Number 8-6286005

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Entity Ex Transition Period false

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Ordinary Shares, par value $0.0001 per share [Member] 

Entity Listings [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Ordinary Shares, par value $0.0009 per share

Trading Symbol SLXN

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Warrants exercisable for Ordinary Shares at an exercise price of $11.50 per share [Member] 

Entity Listings [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants exercisable for Ordinary Shares at an exercise price of $103.50 per share

Trading Symbol SLXNW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCountry

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:countryCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityListingsLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=slxn_OrdinarySharesParValue00001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=slxn_WarrantsExercisableForOrdinarySharesAtAnExercisePriceOf1150PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
3 
23 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://silexion.com/role/DocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

slxn-20250115.xsd 
slxn-20250115_def.xml 
slxn-20250115_lab.xml 
slxn-20250115_pre.xml 
zk2532563.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>0001178913-25-000143-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>zk2532563_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0002022416 

2025-01-15 
2025-01-15 

0002022416 

slxn:WarrantsExercisableForOrdinarySharesAtAnExercisePriceOf1150PerShareMember 

2025-01-15 
2025-01-15 

0002022416 

slxn:OrdinarySharesParValue00001PerShareMember 

2025-01-15 
2025-01-15 

false 
0002022416 
00-0000000 
972 
NASDAQ 
NASDAQ 
8-K 
2025-01-15 
Silexion Therapeutics Corp 
E9 
001-42253 
12 Abba Hillel Road 
Ramat-Gan 
IL 
5250606 
8-6286005 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Ordinary Shares, par value $0.0009 per share 
SLXN 
Warrants exercisable for Ordinary Shares at an exercise price of $103.50 per share 
SLXNW 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>