<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-009521.txt : 20250203
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-009521.hdr.sgml : 20250203
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250203171509
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-009521
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250128
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Changes in Control of Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250203
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250203

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BM Technologies, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001725872
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				823410369
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38633
		FILM NUMBER:		25583736

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		201 KING OF PRUSSIA ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 650
		CITY:			WAYNE
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19087
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(877) 327-9515

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		201 KING OF PRUSSIA ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 650
		CITY:			WAYNE
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19087

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Megalith Financial Acquisition Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20171220
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0229196-8k_bmtech.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false--12-31000172587200017258722025-01-282025-01-280001725872us-gaap:CommonStockMember2025-01-282025-01-280001725872BMTX:WarrantsToPurchaseCommonStockMember2025-01-282025-01-28iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of Earliest Event Reported):
January 28, 2025

BM
TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-38633 82-3410369

(State or other jurisdiction 

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer 

Identification No.)

201 King of Prussia Road, Suite 650,

Wayne, PA19087

(Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: (877) 327-9515

Not Applicable

Former name or former address, if changed since
last report

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant
to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant
to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange
on which registered

Common Stock BMTX NYSE American LLC

Warrants to purchase Common Stock BMTX.W NYSE American LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

INTRODUCTORY NOTE 

On January 31, 2025 (the Closing Date),
First Carolina Bank, a North Carolina state-chartered bank (Parent), completed the previously announced acquisition
of BM Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company) pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated
as of October 24, 2024 (the Merger Agreement), by and among the Company, Parent, and Double Eagle Acquisition Corp,
Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (Merger Sub). Pursuant to the terms of the Merger
Agreement, on the Closing Date, Merger Sub merged with and into the Company, with the Company surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of
Parent (the Merger).

The Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated
thereby, including the Merger, were previously described in the definitive proxy statement filed by the Company with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the SEC) on December 3, 2024 (the Proxy Statement).

Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.

The information set forth in the Introductory
Note of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.01.

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, at 11:59 p.m.,
Eastern Time, on January 31, 2025 (the Effective Time), each share of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (Common
Stock), of the Company (collectively, the Shares) issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective
Time (other than Shares (i) held by the Company as treasury shares, (ii) held by Parent, Merger Sub or any wholly owned subsidiary of
Parent or of the Company (in each case other than shares held in any employee plans or related trust accounts), or (iii) held by any person
who properly exercises appraisal rights under Delaware law) was converted into the right to receive an amount in cash equal to $5.00 per
share, without interest (the Merger Consideration), subject to any withholding of taxes required by applicable law.

In addition, pursuant to the Merger Agreement,
at the Effective Time, each Eligible Company Stock Award (as defined in the Merger Agreement) that was outstanding immediately prior to
the Effective Time, whether or not vested, was automatically canceled and converted into the right to receive an amount in cash equal
to the product of (i) the Merger Consideration multiplied by (ii) the total number of Shares subject to such Eligible Company Stock Award.

Pursuant to the Warrant Agreement, dated as of
August 23, 2018 (the Warrant Agreement), between the Company and Broadridge
Corporate Issuer Solutions, LLC (Broadridge), as successor warrant agent
to Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company (CST), at the Effective
Time, each warrant to purchase shares of Common Stock that was outstanding and unexercised immediately prior to the Effective Time (each,
a Company Warrant), in accordance with its terms, ceased to represent a
warrant exercisable for Common Stock and became exercisable for the Merger Consideration that the holder would have been entitled to
receive if the Company Warrant had been exercised immediately prior to the Effective Time (constituting the Alternative Issuance under
the terms of the Warrant Agreement). In addition, the exercise price of the Company Warrants became subject to adjustment under certain
circumstances described in the Warrant Agreement.

The foregoing summary does not purport to be a
complete description and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Merger Agreement and the Warrant Agreement,
which the Company has previously filed with the SEC and are incorporated herein by reference.

1

Item 3.01 Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued
Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing.

The Information set forth in the Introductory
Note and Items 2.01 and 3.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.01.

On the Closing Date, the Company notified NYSE
American LLC (NYSE) of the consummation of the Merger and requested that NYSE file with the SEC a Notification of
Removal from Listing and/or Registration on Form 25 under Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act), to delist and deregister the Shares and the Company Warrants under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act. Upon effectiveness
of the Form 25, the Company intends to file with the SEC a Certification and Notice of Termination on Form 15 to deregister the Shares
and the Company Warrants and suspend the Companys reporting obligations under Sections 13 and 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Trading
of the Common Stock and the Company Warrants on NYSE was halted prior to the opening of trading on February 3, 2025, the first trading
day after the Effective Time.

Item 3.03 Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders.

The information set forth in the Introductory
Note and Items 2.01, 3.01 and 5.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.03.

As a result of the Merger, each Share that was
issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (except as described in Item 2.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K) was
cancelled and converted automatically, at the Effective Time, into the right to receive the Merger Consideration. Accordingly, at the
Effective Time, the holders of such Shares ceased to have any rights as stockholders of the Company, other than the right to receive the
Merger Consideration.

On January 28, 2025, the Company entered into
amendments to the Warrant Agreement which, among other things, (i) provide for the delivery of the Alternative Issuance and (ii) effect
the resignation of CST as warrant agent and the appointment of Broadridge as warrant agent.

Item 5.01 Change in Control of Registrant.

The information set forth in the Introductory
Note and Items 2.01, 3.01, 3.03 and 5.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 5.01.

As a result of the Merger, at the Effective Time,
a change in control of the Company occurred and the Company became a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent. Parent funded the acquisition
with cash on hand.

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of
Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

The information set forth in the Introductory Note and Item 2.01 of
this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 5.02.

In connection with the Merger, as of the
Effective Time, (i) Luvleen Sidhu, John Dolan, Mike Gill, Brent Hurley, Michael Pavone, Aaron Hodari, and Marcy Schwab each resigned
from the board of directors of the Company and from any and all committees thereof on which they served and ceased to be directors
of the Company, and (ii) Luvleen Sidhu, Ajay Asija, and Warren Taylor each resigned as officers of the Company and ceased to be
officers of the Company. In addition, as of the Effective Time, James Donahue resigned his prior positions at the Company and was
appointed President and Chief Digital Officer of the Company. Each of the directors and officers of Merger Sub immediately prior to
the Effective Time became directors and officers of the Company.

2

Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change
in Fiscal Year.

The information set forth in the Introductory
Note and Item 2.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 5.03.

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, at the Effective
Time, the Companys certificate of incorporation and bylaws were amended and restated in their entirety. Copies of the Amended and
Restated Certificate of Incorporation and the Amended and Restated Bylaws are filed as Exhibit 3.1 and Exhibit 3.2, respectively, to this
Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit

2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 24, 2024, by and among BM Technologies, Inc., First Carolina Bank and Double Eagle Acquisition Corp, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to BM Technologies, Inc.s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 25, 2024)*

3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of BM Technologies, Inc.

3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of BM Technologies, Inc.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

* All schedules to the Merger
Agreement have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The registrant hereby agrees to furnish supplementally a copy
of any omitted schedule to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request.

3

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

BM TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

By: /s/ Danialle Evans

Name: Danialle Evans

Title: Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer

Date: February 3, 2025 

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea022919601ex3-1_bmtech.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF BM TECHNOLOGIES, INC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

AMENDED AND RESTATED

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

OF

BM TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

FIRST: The name of the corporation
is BM Technologies, Inc. (hereinafter, the Corporation).

SECOND: The address of the
Corporations registered office in the State of Delaware is 251 Little Falls Drive, County of New Castle, Wilmington, Delaware 19808,
and the name of its registered agent at such address is Corporation Service Company.

THIRD: The purpose of the
Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a corporation may be organized under the Delaware General Corporation
Law (DGCL).

FOURTH: The total number of
shares of stock which the Corporation shall have authority to issue is 1,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share.

FIFTH: The business and affairs
of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the board of directors, and the directors need not be elected by ballot
unless required under the bylaws of the Corporation.

SIXTH: In furtherance and
not in limitation of the powers conferred by the laws of the State of Delaware, the board of directors is expressly authorized to adopt,
amend or repeal the bylaws or adopt new bylaws, except as may be otherwise provided in the bylaws, without any action on the part of the
stockholders of the Corporation, and to the fullest extent permitted by the provisions of applicable law; provided, that any bylaws adopted
or amended by the board of directors, and any powers thereby conferred, may be amended, altered or repealed by the stockholders of the
Corporation.

SEVENTH: The liability of
the directors to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages (including for breach of the fiduciary duties as a director)
shall be eliminated to the fullest extent under applicable law. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Corporation is
authorized to provide indemnification of (and advancement of expenses to) directors, officers and agents of the Corporation (and any other
persons to which applicable law permits the Corporation to provide indemnification) through bylaw provisions, agreements with such agents
or other persons, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise in excess of the indemnification and advancement otherwise
permitted by such applicable law. If applicable law is amended after the date of filing of this Certificate of Incorporation, to authorize
corporate action further eliminating or limiting the personal liability of directors, then the liability of a director to the Corporation
or its stockholders shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law as so amended. Any amendment, repeal
or modification of this Article Seventh by either (i) the stockholders of the Corporation or (ii) an amendment to applicable law shall
not adversely affect any right or protection existing at the time of such amendment, repeal or modification with respect to any acts or
omissions occurring before such amendment, repeal or modification of a person serving as a director at the time of such amendment, repeal
or modification.

EIGHTH: The Corporation reserves
the right to amend, alter, restate, change or repeal any provision contained in this Certificate of Incorporation as authorized by the
applicable law at the time in force may be added or inserted, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by law and all the provisions
of this Certificate of Incorporation and all rights, preferences, privileges and powers conferred in this Certificate of Incorporation
on stockholders, directors, officers or any other persons are subject to the rights reserved in this Article Eighth.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea022919601ex3-2_bmtech.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS OF BM TECHNOLOGIES, INC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.2

AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS

OF

BM TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

Article
I

OFFICES

Section 1. Registered
Office.

The registered office of the
corporation in the State of Delaware shall be located at 251 Little Falls Drive, County of New Castle, Wilmington, Delaware 19808. The
name of the corporations registered agent at such address shall be Corporation Service Company. The registered office and/or registered
agent of the corporation may be changed from time to time by action of the Board of Directors (as defined below).

Section 2. Other
Offices.

The corporation may also have
offices at such other places, both within and without the State of Delaware, as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine
or the business of the corporation may require.

Article
II

STOCKHOLDERS

Section 1.Annual Meeting.

An annual meeting of the stockholders,
for the election of directors to succeed those whose terms expire and for the transaction of such other business as may properly come
before the meeting, shall be held at such place, on such date, and at such time as the Board of Directors (the Board of Directors)
of BM Technologies, Inc. (the Corporation) shall each year fix, which date shall be within 13 months of the last
annual meeting of stockholders or, if no such meeting has been held, the date of incorporation.

Section 2. Special
Meetings.

Special meetings of the stockholders,
for any purpose or purposes prescribed in the notice of the meeting, may be called by the Board of Directors or the president and shall
be held at such place, on such date, and at such time as they or he or she shall fix.

Section 3. Place of
Meetings.

The Board of Directors may
designate any place, either within or without the State of Delaware, as the place of meeting for any annual meeting or for any special
meeting called by the Board of Directors. If no designation is made, or if a special meeting be otherwise called, the place of meeting
shall be the principal executive office of the corporation.

Section 4. Notice of
Meetings.

Notice of the place, if any,
date, and time of all meetings of the stockholders, the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxyholders
may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such meeting, and the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote
at the meeting, if such date is different from the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting, shall be
given, not less than 10 nor more than 60 days before the date on which the meeting is to be held, to each stockholder entitled to vote
at such meeting as of the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting, except as otherwise provided
herein or required by law (meaning, here and hereinafter, as required from time to time by the Delaware General Corporation Law (DGCL)
or the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation (the Certificate of Incorporation)).

When a meeting is adjourned
to another time or place, notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the time and place, if any, thereof, and the means of remote
communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxyholders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such adjourned meeting
are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken; provided, that if the date of any adjourned meeting is more than 30 days
after the date for which the meeting was originally noticed, notice of the place, if any, date, and time of the adjourned meeting and
the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxyholders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such
adjourned meeting, shall be given to each stockholder in conformity herewith. If after the adjournment a new record date for stockholders
entitled to vote is fixed for the adjourned meeting, the Board of Directors shall fix a new record date for notice of such adjourned meeting,
which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors and,
except as otherwise required by law, shall not be more than 60 nor less than 10 days before the date of such adjourned meeting, and shall
give notice of the adjourned meeting to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at such adjourned meeting as of the record date fixed
for notice of such adjourned meeting. At any adjourned meeting, any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the
original meeting.

Section 5. Quorum.

At any meeting of the stockholders,
the holders of a majority of all of the shares of the stock entitled to vote at the meeting, present in person or by proxy, shall constitute
a quorum for all purposes, unless or except to the extent that the presence of a larger number may be required by law. Where a separate
vote by a class or classes or series is required, a majority of the shares of such class or classes or series present in person or represented
by proxy shall constitute a quorum entitled to take action with respect to that vote on that matter. A quorum once established, shall
not be broken by the subsequent withdrawal of enough votes to leave less than a quorum.

If a quorum shall fail to
attend any meeting, the chairman of the meeting or the holders of a majority of the shares of stock entitled to vote who are present,
in person or by proxy, may adjourn the meeting to another place, if any, date, or time. At any such adjourned meeting at which there is
a quorum, any business may be transacted that might have been transacted at the meeting originally called.

2

Section 6. Organization.

Such person as the Board of
Directors may have designated or, in the absence of such a person, the President of the Corporation or, in his or her absence, such person
as may be chosen by the holders of a majority of the shares entitled to vote who are present, in person or by proxy, shall call to order
any meeting of the stockholders and act as chairman of the meeting. In the absence of the Secretary of the Corporation, the secretary
of the meeting shall be such person as the chairman of the meeting appoints.

Section 7. Conduct of
Business.

The chairman of any meeting
of stockholders shall determine the order of business and the procedure at the meeting, including such regulation of the manner of voting
and the conduct of discussion as seem to him or her in order. The date and time of the opening and closing of the polls for each matter
upon which the stockholders will vote at the meeting shall be announced at the meeting.

Section 8. Proxies
and Voting.

At any meeting of the stockholders,
every stockholder entitled to vote may vote in person or by proxy authorized by an instrument in writing or by a transmission permitted
by law filed in accordance with the procedure established for the meeting.

Any copy, facsimile, email
or other reliable reproduction of the writing or transmission created pursuant to this paragraph may be substituted or used in lieu of
the original writing or transmission for any and all purposes for which the original writing or transmission could be used, provided that
such copy, facsimile, email or other reproduction shall be a complete reproduction of the entire original writing or transmission.

The Corporation may, and to
the extent required by law, shall, in advance of any meeting of stockholders, appoint one or more inspectors to act at the meeting and
make a written report thereof. The Corporation may designate one or more alternate inspectors to replace any inspector who fails to act.
If no inspector or alternate is able to act at a meeting of stockholders, the person presiding at the meeting may, and to the extent required
by law, shall, appoint one or more inspectors to act at the meeting. Each inspector, before entering upon the discharge of his or her
duties, shall take and sign an oath faithfully to execute the duties of inspector with strict impartiality and according to the best of
his or her ability. Every vote taken by ballots shall be counted by an inspector or inspectors appointed by the chairman of the meeting.

All elections shall be determined
by a plurality of the votes cast, and except as otherwise required by law, all other matters shall be determined by a majority of the
votes cast affirmatively or negatively.

Section 9. Stock
List.

The officer who has charge
of the stock ledger of the Corporation shall, at least 10 days before every meeting of stockholders, prepare and make a complete list
of stockholders entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders, provided, if the record date for determining the stockholders entitled
to vote is less than 10 days before the meeting date, the list shall reflect the stockholders entitled to vote as of the 10th day before
the meeting date, arranged in alphabetical order and showing the address of each such stockholder and
the number of shares registered in his or her name. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder for a period of at least
10 days prior to the meeting in the manner provided by law.

This list shall presumptively
determine (a) the identity of the stockholders entitled to examine such stock list and to vote at the meeting and (b) the number of shares
held by each of them.

3

Section 10. Consent
of Stockholders in Lieu of Meeting.

Any action required to be
taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation, or any action which may be taken at any annual or special meeting
of the stockholders, may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent or consents in writing, setting
forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would
be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted and shall
be delivered to the Corporation by delivery to its registered office in the State of Delaware, its principal place of business, or an
officer or agent of the Corporation having custody of the book in which proceedings of meetings of stockholders are recorded. Delivery
made to the Corporations registered office shall be made by hand or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested.

Every written consent shall
bear the date of signature of each stockholder who signs the consent and no written consent shall be effective to take the corporate action
referred to therein unless, within 60 days of the earliest dated consent delivered to the Corporation, a written consent or consents signed
by a sufficient number of holders to take action are delivered to the Corporation in the manner prescribed in the first paragraph of this
Section. An email or other electronic transmission consenting to an action to be taken and transmitted by a stockholder or proxyholder,
or by a person or persons authorized to act for a stockholder or proxyholder, shall be deemed to be written, signed and dated for the
purposes of this Section to the extent permitted by law. Any such consent shall be delivered in accordance with Section 228(d)(1) of the
DGCL.

Any copy, facsimile, email
or other reliable reproduction of a consent in writing may be substituted or used in lieu of the original writing for any and all purposes
for which the original writing could be used, provided that such copy, facsimile, email or other reproduction shall be a complete reproduction
of the entire original writing.

Article
III

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Section 1. General
Powers.

The business and affairs of
the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may adopt such rules and
procedures, not inconsistent with the Certificate of Incorporation, these Bylaws, or applicable law, as it may deem proper for the conduct
of its meetings and the management of the Corporation.

4

Section 2. Number and
Term of Office.

The number of directors who
shall constitute the whole Board of Directors shall be such number as the Board of Directors shall from time to time have designated,
provided that the size of the initial Board of Directors shall be equal to the number of directors elected by the Incorporator of the
Corporation. Each director shall hold office until his or her successor is elected and qualified, except as otherwise provided herein
or required by law.

Whenever the authorized number
of directors is increased between annual meetings of the stockholders, a majority of the directors then in office shall have the power
to elect such new directors for the balance of a term and until their successors are elected and qualified. Any decrease in the authorized
number of directors shall not become effective until the expiration of the term of the directors then in office unless, at the time of
such decrease, there shall be vacancies on the Board of Directors which are being eliminated by the decrease.

Section 3. Vacancies.

If the office of any director
becomes vacant by reason of death, resignation, disqualification, removal or other cause, a majority vote of the holders of the corporations
outstanding stock entitled to vote thereon or a majority of the directors remaining in office, although less than a quorum, may elect
a successor for the unexpired term and until his or her successor is elected and qualified.

Section 4. Regular
Meetings.

Regular meetings of the Board
of Directors shall be held at such place or places, on such date or dates, and at such time or times as shall have been established by
the Board of Directors and publicized among all directors. A notice of each regular meeting shall not be required.

Section 5. Special
Meetings.

Special meetings of the Board
of Directors may be called by one-third of the directors then in office (rounded up to the nearest whole number), by the President or
by the Chief Executive Officer and shall be held at such place, on such date, and at such time as they or he or she shall fix. Notice
of the place, date, and time of each such special meeting shall be given to each director by whom it is not waived by mailing written
notice not less than five days before the meeting or by facsimile, email or other electronic transmission of the same not less than 24
hours before the meeting. Unless otherwise indicated in the notice thereof, any and all business may be transacted at a special meeting.

Section 6. Quorum.
Adjournment.

At any meeting of the Board
of Directors, a majority of the total number of the whole Board of Directors shall constitute a quorum for all purposes. If a quorum shall
fail to attend any meeting, a majority of those present may adjourn the meeting to another place, date, or time, without further notice
or waiver thereof.

5

Section 7. Waiver of
Notice.

Any member of the Board of
Directors or any committee thereof who is present at a meeting shall be conclusively presumed to have waived notice of such meeting except
when such member attends for the express purpose of objecting at the beginning of the meeting to the transaction of any business because
the meeting is not lawfully called or convened.

Section 8. Participation
in Meetings by Conference Telephone.

Members of the Board of Directors,
or of any committee thereof, may participate in a meeting of such Board of Directors or committee by means of conference telephone or
other communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other and such participation shall
constitute presence in person at such meeting.

Section 9. Conduct of
Business.

At any meeting of the Board
of Directors, business shall be transacted in such order and manner as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine, and all
matters shall be determined by the vote of a majority of the directors present, except as otherwise provided herein or required by law.

Section 10. Compensation
of Directors.

Directors, as such, may receive,
pursuant to resolution of the Board of Directors, fixed fees and other compensation for their services as directors, including, without
limitation, their services as members of committees of the Board of Directors.

Section 11. Action
Without Meeting.

Unless otherwise restricted
by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors
or of any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting if all directors or members of such committee, as the case may be, consent
thereto in writing or by electronic transmission, and the writings or electronic transmissions are filed with the minutes of proceedings
of the Board of Directors or committee in accordance with applicable law. Such filing shall be in paper form if the minutes are maintained
in paper form and shall be in electronic form if the minutes are maintained in electronic form.

Section 12. Resignation.

Any director may resign at
any time by notice given in writing or by electronic transmission to the Corporation. Such resignation shall take effect at the date of
receipt of such notice by the Corporation or at such later time as is therein specified. A verbal resignation shall not be deemed effective
until confirmed by the director in writing or by electronic transmission to the Corporation.

Section 13. Removal.

Except as prohibited by applicable
law or the Certificate of Incorporation, the stockholders entitled to vote in an election of directors may remove any director from office
at any time, with or without cause, by the affirmative vote of a majority in voting power thereof.

6

Article
IV

COMMITTEES

Section 1. Committees
of the Board of Directors.

The Board of Directors may
from time to time designate committees of the Board of Directors, with such lawfully delegable powers and duties as it thereby confers,
to serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors and shall, for those committees and any others provided for herein, elect a director
or directors to serve as the member or members, designating, if it desires, other directors as alternate members who may replace any absent
or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. In the absence or disqualification of any member of any committee and any alternate
member in his or her place, the member or members of the committee present at the meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or
not he or she or they constitute a quorum, may by unanimous vote appoint another member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting
in the place of the absent or disqualified member.

Section 2. Conduct of
Business.

Each committee may determine
the procedural rules for meeting and conducting its business and shall act in accordance therewith, except as otherwise provided herein
or required by law. Adequate provision shall be made for notice to members of all meetings; a majority of the members shall constitute
a quorum unless the committee shall consist of one or two members, in which event one member shall constitute a quorum; and all matters
shall be determined by a majority vote of the members present. Action may be taken by any committee without a meeting if all members thereof
consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission, and the writing or writings or electronic transmission or transmissions are
filed with the minutes of the proceedings of such committee. Such filing shall be in paper form if the minutes are maintained in paper
form and shall be in electronic form if the minutes are maintained in electronic form.

Article
V

OFFICERS

Section 1. Generally.

The officers of the Corporation
shall be elected annually by the Board of Directors and shall include a president, a treasurer, and a secretary. The Board of Directors,
in its discretion, may also elect one or more vice presidents, assistant treasurers, assistant secretaries, and other officers. Any two
or more offices may be held by the same person. Each officer shall hold office until his or her successor is elected and qualified or
until his or her earlier resignation or removal.

Section 2. President.

The President shall have general
supervision over the business of the Corporation and other duties incident to the office of President, and any other duties as may be
from time to time assigned to the President by the Board of Directors and subject to the control of the Board of Directors in each case.
He or she shall have power to sign all stock certificates, contracts and other instruments of the Corporation which are authorized and
shall have general supervision and direction of all of the other officers, employees and agents of the Corporation.

7

Section 3. Vice President.

Each Vice President shall
have such powers and duties as may be delegated to him or her by the Board of Directors or the President. One Vice President may be designated
by the Board of Directors to perform the duties and exercise the powers of the President in the event of the Presidents absence
or disability.

Section 4. Treasurer.

The Treasurer shall have the
responsibility for maintaining the financial records of the Corporation. He or she shall make such disbursements of the funds of the Corporation
as are authorized and shall render from time to time an account of all such transactions and of the financial condition of the Corporation.
The Treasurer shall also perform such other duties as the Board of Directors may from time to time prescribe.

Section 5. Secretary.

The Secretary shall issue
all authorized notices for, and shall keep minutes of, all meetings of the stockholders and the Board of Directors. He or she shall have
charge of the corporate books and shall perform such other duties as the Board of Directors may from time to time prescribe.

Section 6. Delegation
of Authority.

In case any officer is absent,
or for any other reason that the Board of Directors may deem sufficient, the President or the Board of Directors may delegate for the
time being the powers or duties of such officer to any other officer or to any director.

Section 7. Removal.

Any officer of the Corporation
may be removed at any time, with or without cause, by the Board of Directors.

Section 8. Action
with Respect to Securities of Other Entities.

Unless otherwise directed
by the Board of Directors, the President or any officer of the Corporation authorized by the President shall have power to vote and otherwise
act on behalf of the Corporation, in person or by proxy, at any meeting of stockholders (or comparable holders of equity interests) of
or with respect to any action of stockholders (or comparable holders of equity interests) of any other corporation or other entity in
which this Corporation may hold securities and otherwise to exercise any and all rights and powers which this Corporation may possess
by reason of its ownership of securities in such other corporation or other entity.

8

Article
VI

STOCK

Section 1. Certificates
of Stock.

Shares of stock of the Corporation
may, but need not be, represented by certificates. Each holder of stock represented by certificates, if applicable, shall be entitled
to a certificate signed by, or in the name of the Corporation by, any two authorized officers of the Corporation, including the President
or a Vice President, and by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary, or the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer, certifying the number
of shares owned by him or her.

Section 2. Transfers
of Stock.

Transfers of stock shall be
made only upon the transfer books of the Corporation kept at an office of the Corporation or by transfer agents designated to transfer
shares of the stock of the Corporation. Except where a certificate is issued in accordance with Article VI, Section 4 of these Bylaws,
an outstanding certificate, if one has been issued, for the number of shares involved shall be surrendered for cancellation before a new
certificate, if any, is issued therefor.

Section 3. Record
Date.

In order that the Corporation
may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, the Board of Directors may,
except as otherwise required by law, fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing
the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors, and which record date shall not be more than 60 nor less than 10 days before the
date of such meeting. If the Board of Directors so fixes a date, such date shall also be the record date for determining the stockholders
entitled to vote at such meeting unless the Board of Directors determines, at the time it fixes such record date, that a later date on
or before the date of the meeting shall be the date for making such determination. If no record date is fixed by the Board of Directors,
the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business
on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding
the day on which the meeting is held. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders
shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for determination of stockholders
entitled to vote at the adjourned meeting, and in such case shall also fix as the record date for stockholders entitled to notice of such
adjourned meeting the same or an earlier date as that fixed for determination of stockholders entitled to vote in accordance with the
foregoing provisions of this Article VI, Section 3 at the adjourned meeting.

In order that the Corporation
may determine the stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights or the stockholders
entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock, or for the purpose of any other lawful action,
the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record
date is adopted, and which record date shall be not more than 60 days prior to such action. If no record date is fixed, the record date
for determining stockholders for any such purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts
the resolution relating thereto.

9

In order that the
Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action without a meeting, (including electronic
transmission as permitted by law), the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which shall not precede the date upon which the
resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors, and which record date shall be not more than 10 days after
the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted. If no record date has been fixed by the Board of Directors and
no prior action by the Board of Directors is required by the DGCL, the record date shall be the first date on which a consent
setting forth the action taken or proposed to be taken is delivered to the Corporation in the manner prescribed by Article II,
Section 10 hereof. If no record date has been fixed by the Board of Directors and prior action by the Board of Directors is required
by the DGCL with respect to the proposed action by consent of the stockholders without a meeting, the record date for determining
stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action without a meeting shall be at the close of business on the day on which the
Board of Directors adopts the resolution taking such prior action.

Section 4. Lost,
Stolen or Destroyed Certificates.

In the event of the loss,
theft or destruction of any certificate of stock, another may be issued in its place pursuant to such regulations as the Board of Directors
may establish concerning proof of such loss, theft or destruction and concerning the giving of a satisfactory bond or bonds of indemnity.

Section 5. Regulations.

The issue, transfer, conversion
and registration of certificates of stock shall be governed by such other regulations as the Board of Directors may establish.

Article
VII

NOTICES

Section 1. Notices.

If mailed, notice to stockholders
shall be deemed given when deposited in the mail, postage prepaid, directed to the stockholder at such stockholders address as
it appears on the records of the Corporation. Without limiting the manner by which notice otherwise may be given effectively to stockholders,
any notice to stockholders may be given by electronic transmission in the manner provided in Section 232 of the DGCL.

Section 2. Waivers.

A written waiver of any notice,
signed by a stockholder or director, or waiver by electronic transmission by such person, whether given before or after the time of the
event for which notice is to be given, shall be deemed equivalent to the notice required to be given to such person. Neither the business
nor the purpose of any meeting need be specified in such a waiver.

10

Article
VIII

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 1. Facsimile
Signatures.

In addition to the provisions
for use of facsimile signatures elsewhere specifically authorized in these Bylaws, facsimile signatures of any officer or officers of
the Corporation may be used whenever and as authorized by the Board of Directors or a committee thereof.

Section 2. Books and
Records.

Any records administered by
or on behalf of the Corporation in the regular course of its business, including its stock ledger, books of account, and minute books,
may be maintained on any information storage device, method, or one or more electronic networks or databases (including one or more distributed
electronic networks or databases); provided, that the records so kept can be converted into clearly legible paper form within a reasonable
time, and, with respect to the stock ledger, the records so kept comply with Section 224 of the DGCL. The Corporation shall so convert
any records so kept upon the request of any person entitled to inspect such records pursuant to applicable law.

Section 3. Corporate
Seal.

The Board of Directors may
provide a suitable seal, containing the name of the Corporation, which seal shall be in the charge of the Secretary. If and when so directed
by the Board of Directors or a committee thereof, duplicates of the seal may be kept and used by the Treasurer or by an Assistant Secretary
or Assistant Treasurer.

Section 4. Reliance
upon Books, Reports and Records.

Each director, each member
of any committee designated by the Board of Directors, and each officer of the Corporation shall, in the performance of his or her duties,
be fully protected in relying in good faith upon the books of account or other records of the Corporation and upon such information, opinions,
reports or statements presented to the Corporation by any of its officers or employees, or committees of the Board of Directors so designated,
or by any other person as to matters which such director or committee member reasonably believes are within such other persons
professional or expert competence and who has been selected with reasonable care by or on behalf of the Corporation.

Section 5. Fiscal
Year.

The fiscal year of the Corporation
shall begin on January 1 and end on December 31 of each year.

Section 6. Checks,
Notes, Drafts, Etc.

All checks, notes, drafts,
or other orders for the payment of money of the Corporation shall be signed, endorsed, or accepted in the name of the Corporation by such
officer, officers, person, or persons as from time to time may be designated by the Board of Directors or by an officer or officers authorized
by the Board of Directors to make such designation.

11

Section 7. Dividends.

Subject to applicable law
and the Certificate of Incorporation, dividends upon the shares of capital stock of the Corporation may be declared by the Board of Directors
at any regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors. Dividends may be paid in cash, in property, or in shares of the Corporations
capital stock, unless otherwise provided by applicable law or the Certificate of Incorporation

Section 8. Time
Periods.

In applying any provision
of these Bylaws which requires that an act be done or not be done a specified number of days prior to an event or that an act be done
during a period of a specified number of days prior to an event, calendar days shall be used, the day of the doing of the act shall be
excluded, and the day of the event shall be included.

Section 9. Conflict
with Applicable Law or Certificate of Incorporation.

These Bylaws are adopted subject
to any applicable law and the Certificate of Incorporation. Whenever these Bylaws may conflict with any applicable law or the Certificate
of Incorporation, such conflict shall be resolved in favor of such law or the Certificate of Incorporation

Article
IX

INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES AND OTHER AGENTS

Section 1. Indemnification.

To the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended, the Corporation shall indemnify and hold harmless each person who was
or is made a party or is threatened to be made a party to or is otherwise involved in any threatened, pending or completed action, suit
or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (hereinafter a Proceeding), by reason of
the fact that he or she is or was a director or officer of the Corporation or, while a director or officer of the Corporation, is or was
serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, joint
venture, trust, other enterprise or nonprofit entity, including service with respect to an employee benefit plan (hereinafter an Indemnitee),
whether the basis of such Proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent, or in any other
capacity while serving as a director, officer, employee or agent, against all liability and loss suffered and expenses (including, without
limitation, attorneys fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes and penalties and amounts paid in settlement) reasonably incurred
by such Indemnitee in connection with such Proceeding; provided, that, except as provided in Article IX, Section 3 with respect to Proceedings
to enforce rights to indemnification, the Corporation shall indemnify an Indemnitee in connection with a Proceeding (or part thereof)
initiated by such Indemnitee only if such Proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the Board of Directors.

Section 2. Expenses.

In addition to the right
to indemnification conferred in Article IX, Section 1, an Indemnitee shall also have the right to be paid by the Corporation to the
fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law the expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys fees) incurred in
defending or otherwise participating in any such Proceeding in advance of its final disposition (hereinafter an
Advancement of Expenses); provided, that if the DGCL requires, an Advancement of Expenses incurred by an
Indemnitee in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the Corporation (and not in any other capacity in which service was or
is rendered by such Indemnitee, including, without limitation, service to an employee benefit plan) shall be made only upon the
Corporations receipt of an undertaking (hereinafter an Undertaking), by or on behalf of such Indemnitee,
to repay all amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined that such Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified under
this Article IX or otherwise.

12

Section 3. Enforcement.

Without the necessity of entering
into an express contract, all rights to indemnification and advances to directors and officers under this Article IX shall be deemed to
be contractual rights and be effective to the same extent and as if provided for in a contract between the Corporation and the director
or officer. If a claim under Article IX, Section 1 or Article IX, Section 2 is not paid in full by the Corporation within 60 days after
a written claim therefor has been received by the Corporation, except in the case of a claim for an Advancement of Expenses, in which
case the applicable period shall be 20 days, the Indemnitee may at any time thereafter bring suit against the Corporation to recover the
unpaid amount of the claim. If successful in whole or in part in any such suit, or in a suit brought by the Corporation to recover an
Advancement of Expenses pursuant to the terms of an Undertaking, the Indemnitee shall also be entitled to be paid the expense of prosecuting
or defending such suit. In (a) any suit brought by the Indemnitee to enforce a right to indemnification hereunder (but not in a suit brought
by an Indemnitee to enforce a right to an Advancement of Expenses) it shall be a defense that, and (b) in any suit brought by the Corporation
to recover an Advancement of Expenses pursuant to the terms of an Undertaking, the Corporation shall be entitled to recover such expenses
upon a final judicial decision from which there is no further right to appeal that, the Indemnitee has not met any applicable standard
for indemnification set forth in the DGCL. Neither the failure of the Corporation (including its directors who are not parties to such
action, a committee of such directors, independent legal counsel, or its stockholders) to have made a determination prior to the commencement
of such suit that indemnification of the Indemnitee is proper in the circumstances because the Indemnitee has met the applicable standard
of conduct set forth in the DGCL, nor an actual determination by the Corporation (including a determination by its directors who are not
parties to such action, a committee of such directors, independent legal counsel, or its stockholders) that the Indemnitee has not met
such applicable standard of conduct, shall create a presumption that the Indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct or,
in the case of such a suit brought by the Indemnitee, shall be a defense to such suit. In any suit brought by the Indemnitee to enforce
a right to indemnification or to an Advancement of Expenses hereunder, or by the Corporation to recover an Advancement of Expenses pursuant
to the terms of an Undertaking, the burden of proving that the Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified, or to such Advancement of
Expenses, under this Article IX or otherwise shall be on the Corporation.

Section 4. Non-Exclusivity
of Rights.

The rights conferred on
any person by this Article IX shall not be exclusive of any other right which such person may have or hereafter acquire under any
applicable statute, provision of the Certificate of Incorporation, these Bylaws, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested
directors or otherwise, both as to action in his or her official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding office.
The Corporation is specifically authorized to enter into individual contracts with any or all of its directors, officers, employees
or agents respecting indemnification and advances, to the fullest extent not prohibited by the DGCL, or by any other applicable
law.

13

Section 5. Survival
of Rights.

The rights conferred on any
person by this Article IX shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or other agent and shall inure
to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person.

Section 6. Insurance.

The Corporation may maintain
insurance, at its expense, to protect itself and/or any director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation or another corporation,
partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any expense, liability or loss, whether or not the Corporation would have
the power to indemnify such person against such expense, liability or loss under the DGCL.

Section 7. Savings
Clause.

If this Article IX or any
portion hereof shall be invalidated on any ground by any court of competent jurisdiction, then the Corporation shall nevertheless indemnify
each director and officer to the full extent not prohibited by any applicable portion of this section that shall not have been invalidated,
or by any other applicable law. If this section shall be invalid due to the application of the indemnification provisions of another jurisdiction,
then the Corporation shall indemnify each director and officer to the full extent under any other applicable law.

Section 8. Indemnification
of Other Persons.

This Article IX shall not
limit the right of the Corporation to the extent and in the manner authorized or permitted by law to indemnify and to advance expenses
to persons other than Indemnitees. Without limiting the foregoing, the Corporation may, to the extent authorized from time to time by
the Board of Directors, grant rights to indemnification and to the Advancement of Expenses to any employee or agent of the Corporation
and to any other person who is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation
or of a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to an employee benefit plan, to the fullest
extent of the provisions of this Article IX with respect to the indemnification and Advancement of Expenses of Indemnitees under this
Article IX.

Section 9. Amendments.

Any repeal or amendment
of this Article IX by the Board of Directors or the stockholders of the Corporation or by changes in applicable law, or the adoption
of any other provision of these Bylaws inconsistent with this Article IX, will, to the extent permitted by applicable law, be
prospective only (except to the extent such amendment or change in applicable law permits the Corporation to provide broader
indemnification rights to Indemnitees on a retroactive basis than permitted prior thereto), and will not in any way diminish or
adversely affect any right or protection existing hereunder in respect of any act or omission occurring prior to such repeal or
amendment or adoption of such inconsistent provision; provided, that amendments or repeals of this Article IX shall require the
affirmative vote of the stockholders holding at least 66 % of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of
the Corporation.

14

Section 10. Process.

Upon learning of any Proceeding
in which any claims are made in respect of which such Indemnitee would be entitled to indemnification pursuant to this Article IX, any
Indemnitee wishing to claim such indemnification shall promptly notify the Corporation thereof in writing, but the failure to so notify
shall not relieve the Corporation of any liability it may have to such Indemnitee except to the extent such failure actually and materially
prejudices the Corporation. In the event of any such Proceeding: (a) the Corporation shall have the right to assume the defense thereof
(it being understood that by electing to assume the defense thereof, the Corporation shall not be deemed to have waived any right to object
to the Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification hereunder with respect thereto or assumed any liability with respect thereto),
except that if the Corporation elects not to assume such defense or legal counsel for the Indemnitee advises that there are issues which
raise conflicts of interest between the Corporation and the Indemnitee, the Indemnitee may retain legal counsel satisfactory to the Corporation
and to the provider of any insurance obtained in accordance with Article IX, Section 6, and the Corporation shall pay all reasonable and
documented fees, costs and expenses of such legal counsel for the Indemnitee as statements therefor are received; provided, that (i) the
Corporation shall be obligated pursuant to this Article IX, Section 10 to pay for only one firm of legal counsel for all Indemnitees in
any jurisdiction unless the use of one legal counsel for such Indemnitee would present such legal counsel with a conflict of interest
(in which case the fewest number of legal counsels necessary to avoid conflicts of interest shall be used), and (ii) the Indemnitee shall
have made a written Undertaking satisfactory to the Corporation to repay all such fees, costs or expenses paid by the Corporation if and
to the extent that it is ultimately determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final judgment that the Indemnitee is not entitled
to be indemnified by the Corporation; (b) the Indemnitee shall cooperate in the defense of any such matter if the Corporation elects
to assume such defense; (c) the Corporation shall not be liable for any settlement effected without its prior written consent and
the prior written consent of the provider of any insurance obtained in accordance with Article IX, Section 6, in each case if the Corporation
elects not to assume such defense; and (d) the Corporation shall not have any obligation hereunder to any Indemnitee if and when
a court of competent jurisdiction shall ultimately determine, and such determination shall have become final, that the indemnified action
of such Indemnitee in the manner contemplated hereby is prohibited by applicable law.

Section 11. Severability.

If any provision or provisions
of this Article IX shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever: (a) the validity, legality and enforceability
of the remaining provisions of this Article IX shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby; and (b) to the fullest extent possible,
the provisions of this Article IX (including each such portion of this Article IX containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal
or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested by the provision held invalid, illegal or unenforceable.

15

Section 12. Additional Requirements.

Notwithstanding anything in
this Article IX to the contrary, no indemnification payments will be made to an Indemnitee with respect to any Proceeding initiated by
any Governmental Authority that is a federal banking agency unless all of the following conditions are met: (a) First Carolina Bank or
its successors board of directors determines in writing that the Indemnitee acted in good faith and in the best interests of the
company; (b) First Carolina Banks or its successors board of directors determines that the payment will not materially affect
First Carolina Banks or its successors safety and soundness; (c) the payment does not fall within the definition of a prohibited
indemnification payment under 12 C.F.R. Part 359; and (d) the Indemnitee agrees in writing to reimburse First Carolina Bank or its successor,
to the extent not covered by permissible insurance, for payments made in the event that the administrative or civil action instituted
by a banking Governmental Authority results in a final order or settlement in which the Indemnified Person is assessed a civil money penalty,
is prohibited from banking, or is required to cease an action or perform an affirmative action.

Section 13. Certain
Definitions.

For purposes of this Article
IX, (a) references to other enterprise shall include any employee benefit plan; (b) references to fines shall
include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to an employee benefit plan; (c) references to serving at the request
of the Corporation shall include any service that imposes duties on, or involves services by, a person with respect to any employee
benefit plan, its participants, or beneficiaries; (d) a person who acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed
to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner not
opposed to the best interest of the Corporation for purposes of Section 145 of the DGCL; and (e) Governmental Authority
means any transnational, domestic or foreign federal, state, provincial, local or other governmental, regulatory or administrative authority,
department, court, agency, commission or official, including any political subdivision thereof, or any other governmental or quasigovernmental
(including self-regulatory) authority or instrumentality, in each case of the foregoing, including such entitys staff, representatives,
or other officials.

Article
X

AMENDMENTS

These Bylaws may be adopted,
amended or repealed by the Board of Directors at any meeting or by the stockholders at any meeting. In the case of any such amendment
or repeal of Article IX or any section thereof, the amendment or repeal shall be subject to Article IX, Section 9.

16
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>bmtx-20250128.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>bmtx-20250128_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>bmtx-20250128_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Stock [Member] 

Warrants to purchase Common Stock 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>bmtx-20250128_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Jan. 28, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 28, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 001-38633

Entity Registrant Name BM
TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001725872

Entity Tax Identification Number 82-3410369

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 201 King of Prussia Road

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 650

Entity Address, City or Town Wayne

Entity Address, State or Province PA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 19087

City Area Code 877

Local Phone Number 327-9515

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Common Stock [Member] 

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock

Trading Symbol BMTX

Security Exchange Name NYSEAMER

Warrants to purchase Common Stock 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants to purchase Common Stock

Trading Symbol BMTX.W

Security Exchange Name NYSEAMER

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=BMTX_WarrantsToPurchaseCommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
3 
25 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://ir.bmtxinc.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

bmtx-20250128.xsd 
bmtx-20250128_def.xml 
bmtx-20250128_lab.xml 
bmtx-20250128_pre.xml 
ea0229196-8k_bmtech.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-009521-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>ea0229196-8k_bmtech_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001725872 

2025-01-28 
2025-01-28 

0001725872 

us-gaap:CommonStockMember 

2025-01-28 
2025-01-28 

0001725872 

BMTX:WarrantsToPurchaseCommonStockMember 

2025-01-28 
2025-01-28 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--12-31 
0001725872 
8-K 
2025-01-28 
BM TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
DE 
001-38633 
82-3410369 
201 King of Prussia Road 
Suite 650 
Wayne 
PA 
19087 
877 
327-9515 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock 
BMTX 
NYSEAMER 
Warrants to purchase Common Stock 
BMTX.W 
NYSEAMER 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>