<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001140361-25-012719.txt : 20250408
<SEC-HEADER>0001140361-25-012719.hdr.sgml : 20250408
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250408095738
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-25-012719
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250408
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Changes in Control of Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250408
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250408

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Accolade, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001481646
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		EIN:				432117836
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0228

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39348
		FILM NUMBER:		25820536

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		660 W. GERMANTOWN PIKE SUITE 500
		CITY:			PLYMOUTH MEETING
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19462
		BUSINESS PHONE:		610-834-2989

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		660 W. GERMANTOWN PIKE SUITE 500
		CITY:			PLYMOUTH MEETING
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19462

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Accolade LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100121
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ef20047047_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false02-280001481646NASDAQ00014816462025-04-082025-04-08

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): April 8, 2025

Accolade, Inc.

(Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Delaware

001-39348

01-0969591

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) 

(Commission File Number) 

(IRS Employer Identification No.)

1201 Third Avenue, Suite 1700

Seattle, WA98101

(Address of Principal Executive Offices and Zip Code)

(206) 926-8100

(Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code)

Not Applicable

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following
provisions (see General Instructions A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share

ACCD

The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule
12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised
financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Introductory Note

This Current Report on Form 8-K is being filed in connection with the completion of the previously announced Merger (as defined below) pursuant to the Agreement and Plan
of Merger, dated as of January 8, 2025 (the Merger Agreement), by and among Accolade, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), Transcarent, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Parent), and Acorn Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and an
indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (Merger Sub).

On April 8, 2025 (the Closing Date), pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub merged with and into the Company (the Merger), with the Company surviving the
Merger as an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Parent.

The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby contained in this Introductory Note, including the Merger, does not purport
to be complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 2.1 hereto and is incorporated by reference herein.

Item 1.01 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

The information set forth in the Introductory Note of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 1.01.

On the Closing Date, the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, a national banking association organized under the laws of the United States of
America (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association), as trustee (the Trustee), entered into the First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of the Closing Date (the First Supplemental Indenture), to the Indenture, dated as of March
24, 2021, by and between the Company and the Trustee (the Original Indenture and, together with the First Supplemental Indenture, the Indenture), relating to the Companys 0.50% Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 (the Notes). As of the Closing
Date, $211,041,000 aggregate principal amount of the Notes were outstanding.

As a result of the Merger, and pursuant to the First Supplemental Indenture, at and after the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time), the right to convert
each $1,000 principal amount of Notes was changed into a right to convert such principal amount of Notes into an amount of cash equal to the Conversion Rate (as defined in the Indenture) in effect on the relevant Conversion Date (as defined in the
Indenture) (subject to any adjustment pursuant to the Indenture, including any increase as a result of a Make-Whole Fundamental Change (as defined in the Indenture)) multiplied by $7.03 (which is an amount equal to the Merger Consideration (as
defined below)).

The consummation of the Merger constitutes a Merger Event, a Fundamental Change and a Make-Whole Fundamental Change (each as defined in the Indenture) under the
Indenture. The effective date of the Merger Event, Fundamental Change and Make-Whole Fundamental Change in respect of the Notes is the Closing Date.

As a result of the Fundamental Change, each holder of Notes will have the right to require the Company to repurchase its Notes pursuant to the terms and procedures set
forth in the Indenture for a cash repurchase price equal to the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price (as defined in the Indenture) on May 6, 2025.

The foregoing descriptions of the Indenture and the transactions contemplated thereby do not purport to be complete and are subject to and qualified in their entirety by
reference to the full text of the Indenture. A copy of the Original Indenture was filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Current Report on Form 10-K filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on April 26, 2024. A copy of the
First Supplemental Indenture is filed as Exhibit 4.1 hereto. The Indenture and the First Supplemental Indenture are incorporated by reference into this Item 1.01. This Current Report on Form 8-K does not constitute an offer to tender for, or
purchase, or a solicitation of an offer to tender for, or purchase, any of the Notes or any other security.

Item 2.01 

Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.

The information set forth in the Introductory Note and under Items 3.01, 5.01, 5.02 and 5.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this
Item 2.01.

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, at the Effective Time, each share of common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share (the Company Common Stock), that was
issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (each, a Share, and collectively, the Shares), subject to certain customary exceptions specified in the Merger Agreement, was automatically converted into the right to receive $7.03
in cash, without interest (the Merger Consideration) and subject to applicable withholding taxes.

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, at the Effective Time, (i) all Shares underlying Company stock options outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time that were
vested, after giving effect to any applicable vesting acceleration and separation right applicable to any individual other than a continuing employee, with an exercise price per Share that is less than the Merger Consideration (each, a Vested
Company Option), (ii) restricted stock units outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time that were vested, after giving effect to any applicable vesting acceleration and separation right applicable to any individual other than a continuing
employee, (each, a Vested Company RSU) and (iii) restricted stock units outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time that vested, or became eligible to vest, based on the achievement of performance conditions and that were vested or that
became vested at the Effective Time, after giving effect to any applicable vesting acceleration and separation right applicable to any individual other than a continuing employee (each, a Vested Company PSU) were canceled and converted into the
right to receive the Merger Consideration (or, in the case of such Vested Company Option, the difference between the Merger Consideration and the applicable per share exercise price), less any applicable tax withholdings.

Company stock options, whether vested or unvested, that had an exercise price per Share that was equal to or greater than the Merger Consideration were canceled without
consideration.

At the Effective Time, the portion of each Company stock option, restricted stock unit, including any restricted stock unit that vested, or became eligible to vest,
based on the achievement of performance conditions that were not Vested Company Options, Vested Company RSUs, or Vested Company PSUs were canceled without consideration.

The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby contained in this Item 2.01, including the Merger, does not purport to be
complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 2.1 hereto and is incorporated by reference herein.

Item 3.01 

Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing.

The information set forth in the Introductory Note and under Item 2.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.01.

On April 8, 2025, the Company (i) notified The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq) of the consummation of the Merger and (ii) requested that Nasdaq file a Form 25
Notification of Removal from Listing and/or Registration with the SEC to remove the Company Common Stock from listing on Nasdaq and deregister the Company Common Stock pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
Exchange Act).

After effectiveness of the Form 25, the Company intends to file with the SEC a Certification and Notice of Termination on Form 15 to terminate the registration of the
Company Common Stock under the Exchange Act and suspend the Companys reporting obligations under Section 13 and Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Trading of the Company Common Stock on Nasdaq was halted prior to the opening of trading on the
Closing Date.

Item 3.03 

Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders.

The information set forth in the Introductory Note and under Items 2.01, 3.01, 5.01 and 5.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this
Item 3.03.

Except as described in Item 2.01, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, each Share, subject to certain customary exceptions specified in the Merger Agreement, was
automatically converted into the right to receive the Merger Consideration.

Item 5.01 

Changes in Control of Registrant.

The information set forth in the Introductory Note and under Items 2.01, 3.01, 3.03, 5.02 and 5.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into
this Item 5.01.

As a result of the Merger, at the Effective Time, a change in control of the Company occurred, and the Company became an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Parent.

Item 5.02 

Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

The information set forth in the Introductory Note and under Item 2.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 5.02.

At the Effective Time, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Rajeev Singh, Jeff Brodsky, Michael Hilton, Jeff Jordan, Cindy Kent, Peter Klein, Dawn Lepore, Elizabeth Nabel,
and Pat Wadors, each of whom was a director of the Company as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, ceased to be a director of the Company and a member of any committee of the Companys Board of Directors.

At the Effective Time, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Rajeev Singh, Stephen Barnes, Rob Cavanaugh, and Richard Eskew, each of whom was an officer of the Company as of
immediately prior to the Effective Time, ceased to be an officer of the Company. In connection with Mr. Cavanaughs and Mr. Eskews separation from the Company, each such officer and the Company entered into a separation agreement, pursuant to which
each of Mr. Cavanaugh and Mr. Eskew will receive (i) a cash payment equal to 12 months of such officers base salary and (ii) up to 12 months of payment of COBRA group health insurance continuation. The foregoing description of such separation
agreements does not purport to be complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the separation agreements, copies of which are filed as Exhibit 2.2 and Exhibit 2.3 hereto and are incorporated by reference herein.

Item 5.03 

Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

The information set forth in the Introductory Note and under Item 2.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 5.03.

Effective upon completion of the Merger, the certificate of incorporation of the Company, as in effect immediately prior to the Merger, was amended and restated to be in
the form of the certificate of incorporation attached as Exhibit 3.1 hereto. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference into this Item 5.03.

Effective upon completion of the Merger, the bylaws of the Company, as in effect immediately prior to the Merger, were amended and restated to be in the form of the
bylaws attached as Exhibit 3.2 hereto. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference into this Item 5.03.

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) 

Exhibits

Exhibit

No. 

Exhibit Description

2.1* 

Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 8, 2025, by and among Accolade, Inc., Transcarent, Inc. and Acorn Merger Sub, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the
Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 8, 2025).

2.2 

Separation Agreement, dated as of March 29, 2025, by and between Accolade, Inc. and Robert Cavanaugh.

2.3 

Separation Agreement, dated as of March 28, 2025, by and between Accolade, Inc. and Richard Eskew.

3.1 

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Accolade, Inc.

3.2 

Amended and Restated Bylaws of Accolade, Inc.

4.1 

First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 8, 2025, to the Indenture, dated March 29, 2021, by and between Accolade, Inc. and U.S. Bank Trust Company.

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

* Certain exhibits and schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The Company agrees to furnish supplementally to the SEC a copy of any
omitted exhibits or schedules upon request. The Company may request confidential treatment pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, for any schedules or exhibits so furnished.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly
authorized.

ACCOLADE, INC.

By: 

/s/ Rajeev Singh

Rajeev Singh

Chief Executive Officer

Date: April 8, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.2
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ef20047047_ex2-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 2.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 2.2

March 28, 2025

Rob Cavanaugh

Sent via email: [redacted]@accolade.com

Dear Rob:

This letter sets forth the terms of your separation from Accolade, Inc. (the Agreement). The term Company Party(ies) shall refer to Accolade, Inc. (the Company)

and any of its parents, subsidiaries, or affiliates, and any of their successors-in-interest.

1. General Matters Relating to Your Separation.

a.Separation Date. Your last day of employment with the Company will be the closing date (the Closing Date) of the transaction contemplated by the Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among the Company, Transcarent, Inc. and certain other parties executed on January 8, 2025 (the Merger

Agreement; and the transaction contemplated within the Merger Agreement, the Transaction) (the Separation Date). Further, you acknowledge and agree that during the period of your employment prior to the Separation Date,
nothing about this Agreement or otherwise shall modify your status as an at-will employee.

b.Consideration for Agreement and Releases. If you timely sign, date and return this
fully executed Agreement to the Company, allow the releases contained in this Agreement to become effective, and you otherwise comply with your obligations hereunder (the Severance Preconditions), then the

Company will provide you with the following as your sole severance benefits (the Severance Benefits):

(i)Severance Payment. The Company will pay you, as severance, an amount equivalent to twelve (12) months of
your current base salary ($410,000), subject to standard payroll deductions and withholdings (the Severance Payment). The Severance Payment will be paid to you in a single lump sum on the Closing Date or as soon as reasonably practicable
thereafter (provided that this Agreement is effective by such date), but not later than the first regularly scheduled payroll date after the Effective Date (as defined herein).

(ii)COBRA Severance. To the extent provided by the federal COBRA law or, if applicable, state insurance
laws, and by the Companys current group health insurance policies, you will be eligible to continue your group health insurance benefits at your own expense. Later, you may be able to convert to an individual policy through the provider of the
Companys health insurance, if you wish. If you timely elect continued coverage under COBRA, the Company will pay on your behalf the COBRA premiums to continue your health insurance coverage (including coverage for eligible dependents, if
applicable) (COBRA Premiums) through the period (the COBRA Premium Period) starting on the Separation Date and ending on the earliest to occur of: (i) twelve (12) months following the Separation Date; (ii) the date you become
eligible for group health insurance coverage through a new employer; or (iii) the date you cease to be eligible for COBRA continuation coverage for any reason. In the event you become covered under another employers group health plan or otherwise
cease to be eligible for COBRA during the COBRA Premium Period, you must immediately notify the Company of such event. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that it cannot pay the COBRA Premiums without
a substantial risk of violating applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), the Company instead shall pay you, on the first day of each calendar month, a fully taxable cash payment equal to the
applicable COBRA premiums for that month for the remainder of the COBRA Premium Period, which you may (but are not obligated to) use toward the cost of COBRA premiums.

1

(iii)Equity Awards (Single Trigger). Any equity
incentive compensation awards in respect of the Common Stock of the Company immediately before the Effective Time (as defined in the Merger Agreement) of the Transaction shall be deemed fully vested as of immediately before such Effective Time
(with any performance-vesting conditions deemed satisfied at the target level of performance) and shall be subject to the treatment of equity incentive compensation awards specified in the Merger Agreement in connection with consummation of the
Transaction.

c.Matters Pertaining to Your Separation.

(i)FinalPaycheck;Accrued Salary and Paid Time Off (PTO). Within the timeframe for payment as is required in your jurisdiction, in a final paycheck, the Company will pay you the base compensation that you have earned through your
Separation Date, along with, if applicable, any accrued paid time off, in each case less any applicable deductions or withholdings. You are entitled to these payments regardless of whether you sign
this Agreement.

(ii)Expense Reimbursement. If you have accrued business expenses reimbursable in accordance
with the Companys policies, you may submit your final documented expense reimbursement statement reflecting all business expenses you incurred through the Separation Date, if any, for which you seek
reimbursement, within ten (10) business days of the Separation Date. If such reimbursable business expenses are timely submitted within the ten (10) business day
period, the Company will reimburse you for these expenses pursuant to its regular business practices.

(iii)Tax Matters. All required
federal, state, and local taxes will be withheld by the Company from all payments to be made pursuant to this Agreement. Other than the Companys obligation and right to withhold, you will be responsible for all taxes, interest, and penalties
that may be imposed with respect to the payments contemplated by this Agreement (including, but not limited to, those imposed under Internal Revenue Code Section 409A). The Company has no obligation to provide any tax or legal advice or
counseling to you, and you agree that you shall be solely responsible for obtaining any such tax or legal advice or counseling. To the extent this Agreement is subject to the provisions of Section 409A of the United States Internal
Revenue Code and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (collectively, Code Section 409A), this Agreement, any restricted stock unit or performance stock unit grant agreements, the equity incentive compensation plans under which
they were granted, and any other equity agreements or stock options plans applicable between you and the Company, are, to the extent practicable, intended to comply with Code Section 409A and shall be construed in accordance therewith. To the
extent there is any ambiguity in this Agreement as to its compliance with Code Section 409A, this Agreement shall be read to conform to the requirements of Code Section 409A, and the Company may, in its sole discretion, amend or replace this
Agreement to cause this Agreement to comply with Code Section 409A. Neither the Company nor you shall have the right to accelerate or defer the delivery of any consideration provided under this Agreement except to the extent specifically permitted
or required by Code Section 409A. Terms defined in this Agreement, any restricted stock unit or performance stock unit grant agreement, and the Company 2020 Equity Incentive Plan, shall have the meanings given such terms under Code Section 409A if
and to the extent required to comply with Code Section 409A. In any event, no Company Party make any representation or warranty in respect of any tax matter, including 409A, and no Company Party shall have any liability to you or any other person
if any provisions of or payments under this Agreement are determined to constitute deferred compensation subject to Code Section 409A but not to satisfy the conditions of that section.

(iv)No Admission. By signing this Agreement, youindicate yourunderstanding and acknowledgement that this Agreement constitutes a compromise and settlement of any and all actual or potential disputed claims that you
may have. No action taken by the Company hereto, either previously or in connection with this Agreement, shall be deemed or construed to be (a) an admission of the truth or falsity of any actual or potential claims or (b) an acknowledgment or
admission by the Company of any fault or liability whatsoever to you or to any third party.

2

(v)No Other Compensation or Benefits. By executing this Agreement, you
acknowledge and agree that the Companys obligations to provide you with any severance benefits or any other payments are hereby extinguished (except for the benefits described in this Agreement). You further expressly acknowledge and agree that
the Severance Benefits, and other benefits provided herein, are in full and complete satisfaction of the Companys obligations, if any, to pay you the Severance Benefits under any other agreements, plans, or policies. Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, you have not earned and will not receive any additional compensation, benefits, termination pay, severance or separation pay after the Separation Date. Thus, for any employee
benefits sponsored by the Company or any Company Party not specifically referenced in this Agreement, you will be treated as a terminated employee effective on your Separation Date. This includes but is not limited to: participation in any
401(k) plan or other retirement plan, the Equity Plans, health plan or associate benefits, life insurance, accidental death and dismemberment insurance, and short and long-term disability insurance. Other than as expressly set forth in in this
Agreement, you acknowledge and represent that the Company and its agents have paid or provided all salary, wages, bonuses, accrued vacation/paid time off, notice periods, premiums, leaves, housing allowances, relocation costs, interest,
severance, outplacement costs, fees, reimbursable expenses, commissions, stock, stock options, vesting, and any and all other benefits and compensation due to you.

2. 

Company Property / Restrictive Covenants / Confidentiality / Non-Disparagement

a.Return of Company Property. You
have returned or will return by the Separation Date to the Company (or destroy, at the Companys election) all of the Companys property in your possession, including, without limitation, any tangible property (laptop computer, cell phone, PDA,
etc.), company credit cards, entry cards, identification badges and keys, paper and electronic documents, including email (and all copies thereof), financial information, business plans, source code, programs, and any other materials of any kind
that contain or embody any proprietary or confidential information or property of the Company that you have had in your possession at any time. If you discover after the Separation Date that you have inadvertently retained any proprietary or
confidential information, you will immediately upon discovery contact the Company and make arrangements for returning the information or destroying it (at the Companys election). If
you do not timely return the Companys property, the Company reserves all rights and remedies lawfully available to recover its property or the commensurate value, including, without limitation, the right to cease or offset payment of the Severance Benefits commensurate with the value of the property at issue.

b.Post-Employment Restrictions. You acknowledge and
agree that your obligation to keep the Companys and all Company Parties non-public, confidential, and proprietary information strictly confidential, to not disclose or use such non-public, confidential, and proprietary information for any
purpose of other than for the Company Parties benefit continues even though your employment with the Company is ending. To the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, you further acknowledge and reaffirm your obligations under the offer
letter, including the restrictive covenants (e.g., confidentiality, non-competition, non-interference, and/or non-solicitation, intellectual property assignment agreements) that are applicable to you and that by their terms survive termination of
your employment (collectively, the RCA), or other such agreement between you and the Company, as applicable. Notwithstanding the above, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1833(b), you may not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal
or state trade secret law for disclosure of a trade secret: (i) made in confidence to a government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law;
and/or (ii) in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Additionally, you may disclose a trade secret to your attorney and use the trade secret information in a court proceeding in
a suit for retaliation based on the reporting of a suspected violation of law, so long as any document containing the trade secret is filed under seal and you do not disclose the trade secret except pursuant to court order. Upon receipt of any
subpoena, court order or other legal process compelling the disclosure of any confidential information or documents, you agree to give prompt written notice to the Company to permit it to fully protect the Company Parties confidentiality
interests possible.

3

c.Confidentiality of this Agreement / Non-Disparagement.

(i)Subject to Section 2.c.iii. below, the existence and terms and conditions of this Agreement,
including, but not limited to the Severance Benefits, the amounts to be paid, any negotiations prior to execution of this Agreement, and the existence of any dispute between you and any Company Party (defined herein as Confidential Matters)

shall remain strictly confidential. To the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, neither you nor anyone on your behalf will directly or indirectly disclose, communicate, publish, or reveal the Confidential Matters orally or in writing in
any medium including, but not limited to, electronic mail, television or radio, computer networks or Internet bulletin boards, blogs, social media, such as Facebook, LinkedIn, or Twitter, or any other form of communication to any third party
(collectively, Electronic Communication Mediums), including, without limitation (1) any past, present or future employee of a Company Party, (2) any applicant for employment at a Company Party, (3) any party to an administrative action,
arbitration, mediation, or litigation against a Company Party, and (4) any attorney to any such party, customer, or partner of a Company Party; except in confidence as follows: (a) to your spouse or domestic partner; (b) to your attorney,
accountant, auditor, tax preparer, and financial advisor, provided that such individuals first agree that they will treat such information as strictly confidential and that you agree to be responsible for any disclosure by any such individual as
if you had made the disclosure; or (c) as necessary to enforce its terms or as otherwise required by law.

(ii)To the fullest extent permitted under applicable law and subject to Section 2.c.iii. below,
you agree that neither you nor someone on your behalf will, at any time, through any medium, either orally or in writing, including in any Electronic Communication Medium, disparage, defame, impugn, damage or assail the reputation, or cause or
tend to cause the recipient of a communication to question the business condition, integrity, competence, good character, professionalism, product quality, services or business practices of the Company Parties or their stockholders, officers,
directors, employees, agents, administrators, servants, attorneys, and assigns, as applicable; except that nothing in this Section 2 shall restrict you from making statements in good faith in response to
any question, inquiry, or request for information required by legal process. Further, nothing in this restriction is intended to limit you from making good faith statements to or before an administrative agency investigating an alleged violation
of discrimination laws by the Company.

(iii)Your execution of this Agreement indicates your understanding that nothing in this Agreement
or any other agreement between you and the Company shall in any way limit or prohibit you from engaging in any Protected Activity, which means filing a charge, complaint, or report with, or otherwise communicating with, cooperating with, or
participating in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by, any federal, state or local government agency or commission, including the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the
Occupational Safety and Health Administration, and the National Labor Relations Board (Government Agencies). You understand that in connection with such Protected Activity, you are permitted to disclose documents or other information
as permitted by law, and without giving notice to, or receiving authorization from, the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you agree to take all reasonable precautions to prevent any unauthorized use or disclosure of any information that
may constitute Company confidential information to any parties other than the relevant Government Agencies. You further understand that Protected Activity does not include the disclosure of any Company attorney-client privileged
communications, and that any such disclosure without the Companys written consent shall constitute a material breach of this Agreement. Finally, nothing in this Agreement constitutes a waiver of any rights you may have under the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act or Section 7 of the National Labor Relations Act (NLRA). For purposes of clarity, nothing in this Agreement shall be interpreted to impair or limit your participation in any legally protected activities, such as (i) forming,
joining, or supporting labor unions, (ii) bargaining collectively through representatives of employees choosing, (iii) discussing wages, benefits, or terms and conditions of employment, and (iv) discussing, or raising complaints about, working
conditions for the purpose of mutual aid or protection of you or the Companys other current or former employees, to the extent such activities are protected by Section 7 of the NLRA.

4

(iv)You agree and acknowledge that a breach of any of the terms set forth in this Section 2 shall
entitle the Company immediately to recover and/or cease providing the consideration provided to you under this Agreement and to obtain damages, except as provided by law, provided, however, that the Company shall not recover One
Hundred Dollars ($100.00) of the consideration already paid pursuant to this Agreement and such amount shall serve as full and complete consideration for the promises and obligations assumed by you under this Agreement and any surviving agreement
between you and the Company.

3. 

Releases / Waivers of Rights

a.Release of All Claims. Except as otherwise set forth specifically in this Agreement, you hereby
release, acquit and forever discharge the Company and Transcarent Inc. and each of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, investors, shareholders, administrators, servants, attorneys,
subsidiaries, successors, and assigns (collectively, the Released Party or Released Parties), of and from any and all claims, liabilities, demands, causes of action, costs, expenses, attorneys fees, damages, indemnities, and
obligations of every kind and nature, in law, equity, or otherwise, known and unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way related to agreements, events, acts, omissions, or conduct at any time prior
to and including the date you sign this Agreement. This general release includes, but is not limited to: (i) claims and demands arising out of or in any way connected with your employment with the Company, or the termination of that employment;
(ii) claims or demands related to your compensation or benefits with the Company, including but not limited to, wages, salary, bonuses, commissions, vacation pay, fringe benefits, expense reimbursements, incentive pay, stock, stock options,
severance pay, or any other form of compensation; (iii) claims pursuant to any federal, state or local law, statute, or cause of action including, but not limited to, those claims for discrimination, harassment, retaliation, attorneys fees or
other claims arising under the statutes listed on Exhibit A; (iv) all tort claims, including without limitation, claims for fraud, defamation, emotional distress, and discharge in violation of public policy; and (v) all claims for breach of
contract, wrongful termination, and breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, including claims arising out of any employment agreement, sales commission plan or incentive compensation plan applicable to your employment with the
Company. You are not relying on any other written or oral representations, statements or promises not expressly set forth in writing in this Agreement in agreeing to the releases and waivers set forth herein.

b.ADEA Waiver. You acknowledge and agree that:

i.You have read this Agreement and have had an opportunity to discuss it with individuals of your choice, who are
not associated with Accolade;

ii.Accolade has advised you to consult with an attorney of your own choosing;

iii.You understand the meaning and effect of the terms of this Agreement;

iv.You were given as much time as you needed to determine whether you wished to enter into this Agreement;

v.The entry into and execution of this Agreement, and the releases and waivers contained herein, is your own free
and voluntary act without compulsion of any kind;

vi.No promise or inducement not expressed herein has been made to you;

vii.You have adequate information to make a knowing and voluntary waiver;

viii.You acknowledge that you have been provided with a period of forty-five (45) days to consider this Agreement
prior to entering into it. You also acknowledge that this Agreement was presented on or before March 28, 2025.

5

ix.You agree to notify the Company of your acceptance of this Agreement by executing this Agreement via DocuSign or
other written method as may be mutually agreed; alternatively, you may send a manually signed Agreement by mail to the Company, addressed to the attention of Accolade, Inc., 660 West Germantown Pike, Suite 500, Plymouth Meeting, PA 19462,
Attention: People & Culture. You understand that you may take the entire 45-day period to consider this Agreement. If you return this Agreement prior to the expiration of the 45-day period, you acknowledge that your decision to shorten
the consideration period is knowing and voluntary.

x.By signing and returning this Agreement, you acknowledge that the consideration period afforded to you was a
reasonable period to consider fully every term of this Agreement, including the release and waiver set forth in paragraphs 3.a and 3.b, and that you have given the terms full and complete consideration.

xi.You acknowledge that you shall have seven (7) days after signing this Agreement to revoke it, if you choose to
do so. If you elect to revoke this Agreement, you must give written notice of such revocation to Accolade by sending an email to [redacted]@accolade.com alternatively, you may deliver a letter with such
revocation to Accolade, Inc., 660 West Germantown Pike, Suite 500, Plymouth Meeting, PA 19462, Attention: People & Culture, in such a manner that it is actually received within the 7-day period. If you revoke this Agreement, you will
not be eligible for the Severance Benefits. The 8th day after you have signed this Agreement, provided you have not revoked your signature, will be considered the Effective Date.

xii. You hereby further acknowledge that the Company has provided you with ADEA disclosure information (under 29 U.S.C. 626(f)(1)(H)), attached hereto
as Exhibit B.

c.Release of Unknown Claims. You acknowledge that you have been advised to consult with
legal counsel and that you are familiar with the principle that a general release does not extend to claims that the releaser does not know or suspect to exist in your favor at the time of executing the release, which, if known by you, must have
materially affected your settlement with the releasee. You, being aware of said principle, agree to expressly waive any rights you may have to that effect, as well as under any other statute or common law principles of similar effect.

d.Excluded Claims. The release set forth above does not
include any claims which by law cannot be waived in a private agreement between an employer and employee, any rights you have to file or pursue a claim for workers compensation or unemployment insurance, and any claims for breach of this
Agreement.

4.No Actions or Claims. You represent that you have not filed any
charges, complaints, grievances, arbitrations, lawsuits, or claims against the Company, with any local, state or federal agency, union or court from the beginning of time to the date of execution of this Agreement and that you will not do so at
any time hereafter, based upon events occurring prior to the date of execution of this Agreement. In the event any agency, union, or court ever assumes jurisdiction of any lawsuit, claim, charge, grievance, arbitration, or complaint, or purports
to bring any legal proceeding on your behalf, you will ask any such agency, union, or court to withdraw from and/or dismiss any such action, grievance, or arbitration, with prejudice.

5.No Cooperation. Subject to Section 2.c.iii. above, you agree that
you will not knowingly encourage, counsel, or assist any attorneys or their clients in the presentation or prosecution of any disputes, differences, grievances, claims, charges, or complaints by any third party against any of the Released
Parties, unless under a subpoena or other court order to do so or as related directly to the ADEA waiver in this Agreement. You agree both to immediately notify the Company upon receipt of any such subpoena or court order, and to furnish, within
three (3) business days of its receipt, a copy of such subpoena or other court order. If approached by anyone for counsel or assistance in the presentation or prosecution of any disputes, differences, grievances, claims, charges, or complaints
against any of the Released Parties, you shall state no more than that you cannot provide counsel or assistance.

6

6.Acknowledgements and Representations. You agree, covenant and
represent, and acknowledge and agree that the Company has relied on such agreements, covenants, and representations in agreeing to enter this Agreement, that:

a.you have not suffered any discrimination or harassment by any of the
Released Parties on account of your race, gender, national origin, religion, marital or registered domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, or any other characteristic protected by federal,
state or local law;

b.you have not been denied any leave, benefits or rights to which you may
have been entitled under the FMLA or any other federal or state law, and you were afforded the right to and the Company properly provided you with any leave of absence because of your or your family members health condition or military service
and you have not been subjected to any improper treatment, conduct or actions due to a request for or taking such leave;

c.except as expressly provided in this Agreement, you have been paid all
wages, bonuses, compensation, benefits and other amounts that any of the Company Parties and/or Released Parties have ever owed to you, and you understand that you will not receive any additional compensation, severance, or benefits after the
Separation Date, with the exception of any vested right you may have under the terms of a written ERISA-qualified benefit plan;

d.you have reported to the Company any and all work-related injuries or
occupational illnesses, if any, that may have been incurred by you during your employment with the Company;

e.you have not otherwise suffered any job-related wrongs or injuries for
which you might still be entitled to compensation or relief; and

f.you have had the opportunity to provide the Company with written notice
of any and all concerns regarding suspected ethical and compliance issues or violations on the Companys part.

7.Cooperation with Company. You agree to cooperate with any of the
Company Parties related to matters within your knowledge or responsibility. Such cooperation may include, without limitation (a) meeting with Company Party representatives by telephone, video conference or ay a mutually agreed convenient location
with respect to items within the scope of this Section 7, (b) providing truthful testimony regarding any such items to any court, agency, or other adjudicatory body, (c) providing any Company Party with notice of contact by any non-governmental
adverse party or such adverse partys representative, except as may be required by law. The Company will reimburse you for any reasonable expenses (excluding foregone wages) actually incurred in complying with this Section 7.

8.Reference Inquiries. You will direct any requests for references to
the Talent Acquisition team at the Company via email address at [redacted]@accolade.com. The Company will respond to any and all reference requests by prospective employers by providing only dates of employment and job title.

9.Severability; Entire Agreement; Modification; Governing Law. In
the event that any provision or any portion of any provision hereof or any surviving agreement made a part hereof becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction or arbitrator to be illegal, unenforceable, or void, this Agreement
shall continue in full force and effect without said provision or portion of provision. This Agreement, including its exhibit, represents the entire agreement and understanding between the Company and you concerning the subject matter of this
Agreement and your employment with and separation from the Company and the events leading thereto and associated therewith, and supersedes and replaces any and all prior agreements and understandings concerning the subject matter of this
Agreement and your relationship with the Company, including any offer letter or employment agreement, with the exception of the RCA. This Agreement may only be amended in a writing signed by you and the Companys Chief Executive Officer. This
Agreement may be executed in counterparts and each counterpart shall be deemed an original and all of which counterparts taken together shall have the same force and effect as an original and shall constitute an effective, binding agreement on
the part of each of the undersigned. The counterparts of this Agreement may be executed and delivered by facsimile, photo, email PDF, Docusign/Echosign or a similarly accredited secure signature service, or other electronic transmission or
signature. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the state in which you primarily performed services for the Company, without regard for choice-of-law provisions. Employee consents to personal and exclusive jurisdiction and venue in
the state in which you primarily performed services for the Company.

7

10.Use as Evidence. You and the Company agree that this Agreement may
be used as evidence in a subsequent proceeding in which any of the parties hereto allege a breach of this Agreement or as a complete defense to any lawsuit brought by or on behalf of a party against the other party. Other than this exception,
the parties agree that this Agreement will not be introduced as evidence in any proceeding or in any lawsuit.

11.Voluntary Execution of Agreement; No Representations. You
understand and agree that you have executed this Agreement voluntarily, without any duress or undue influence on the part or behalf of the Company or any third party, with the full intent of releasing all of your claims against the Company and
any of the other Released Parties. You represent that you have been represented in the preparation, negotiation, and execution of this Agreement by legal counsel of your own choice or has elected not to retain legal counsel. You further
represent that you have carefully read this Agreement and understand its consequences and legal and binding effect of this Agreement and of the releases it contains. You have not relied upon any representations or statements made by the Company
that are not specifically set forth in this Agreement. This Agreement represents the entire agreement and understanding between you and the Company concerning the subject matter discussed herein and supersedes and replaces any and all prior
agreements and understandings concerning the subject matter of this Agreement.

You agree that this Agreement is a negotiated agreement, including as the term negotiated is defined by California Government Code 12964.5(d)(2) or other similar applicable laws, to mean that this
Agreement is voluntary, deliberate, and informed, provides consideration of value to you (the employee), and that you have been encouraged, given notice and provided an opportunity to retain an attorney or are and have been represented by an
attorney in connection with the execution of this Agreement.

[Signature Page to Follow]

8

If this Agreement is acceptable to you, please sign below return the original to me. You have forty-five (45) calendar days from the date you received this Agreement to decide whether to accept it,
and the Companys offer contained herein will automatically expire if you do not sign and return the Agreement within that timeframe.

I wish you good luck in your future endeavors.

Sincerely,

Accolade, Inc.

/s/ Rajeev Singh 

By: 

Rajeev Singh

Chief Executive Officer

ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED:

Signature: /s/ Robert Cavanaugh

By: Robert Cavanaugh

Date: March 29, 2025

9

EXHIBIT A

NON-LIMITING LIST OF STATUTES UNDER WHICH CLAIMS ARE RELEASED

The federal Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended (Title VII); the federal Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, as amended; the federal Age Discrimination in Employment
Act of 1967, as amended (the ADEA); the federal Older Workers Benefit Protection Act (OWBPA), the federal Family Medical Leave Act, as amended; the Pregnancy Discrimination Act, the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination
Act, the Equal Pay Act, the federal Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, as amended; the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended; the Arizona Civil Rights Act, as amended, Ariz. Rev. Stat. 41-1401 et seq.; the
Arizona Employment Protection Act, Ariz. Rev. Stat. 23-1501 et seq.; the Arizona Wage Payment Law, Ariz. Rev. Stat. 23-350 et seq.; the Arizona Equal Wages Act, Ariz. Rev. Stat. 23-341 et seq.; Agreement for waiver of rights void, Ariz. Rev.
Stat. Ann. 23-784; Safe Harbor Provision of Anti-Blacklisting Act, A.R.S. 23-1361; the Arizona Minimum Wage Law, Ariz. Rev. Stat. 23-362 et seq.; the Arizona Right to Work Act, Ariz. Rev. Stat. 23-1301 et seq.; Drug Testing of Employees
Act, Ariz. Rev. Stat. 23-493 et seq.; the Arizona Bring Your Guns to Work Act; Ariz. Rev. Stat. 12-781; Unemployment Benefits, Ariz. Rev. Stat. 23-776; the Arizona Workplace Harassment Law, Ariz. Rev. Stat. 12-1810; the Arizona
Occupational Health and Safety Act, Ariz. Rev. Stat. 23-401 et seq.; the Arizona Medical Marijuana Act, Ariz. Rev. Stat. 36-2801 et seq.; Arizonians with Disabilities Act (Ariz. Rev. Stat. 41-1492 et seq.); the California Labor Code (as
amended); the California Family Rights Act; the California Fair Employment and Housing Act (as amended); the Colorado Anti-Discrimination Act, as amended, Colo. Rev. Stat. 24-34-301 et seq.; the Colorado Religious Discrimination Rules, Code of
Colo. Regs. 3 CCR 708-1, 50.1 to 50.3; Disability Discrimination Rules, 3 CCR 708-1, 60.1 et seq.; the Colorado Age Discrimination Rules, Code of Colo. Regs., 3 CCR 708-1 40.1-40.4; the Colorado Workplace Harassment Rules, Code of Colo.
Regs., 3 CCR 708-1 85, CCR 801-1, Chapter 8, Sections 8-1B to 8-104, and Chapter 9, Sections 9-1B through 9-8B; the Colorado Sex Discrimination Rules, Code of Colo. Regs., as amended, 3 CCR 708-1, 80.1 through 80.11; the Colorado Marital
Status Discrimination Law, Code of Colo. Regs. 3 CCR 708-1 80.1 et seq.; the Colorado Equal Pay Law, as amended, Colo. Rev. Stat. 8-5-102, Colo. Rev. Stat. 24-34-401 et seq., 24-34-306; the Colorado Law Prohibiting Discrimination by Labor
Organization, as amended, Colo. Rev. Stat. 8-3-102(1)(d); the Colorado Whistleblower Law, Colo. Rev. Stat. 24-114-101 et seq.; Any Applicable Minimum Wage Order, Code of Colo. Regs. 7 CCR 1103-1 1-22; the Colorado Overtime Pay Law, Colo.
Rev. Stat. 8-6-111(4); the Colorado Workplace Accommodations for Nursing Mothers Act, Colo. Rev. Stat. 8-13.5-101 et seq.; the Colorado Civil Union Act, Colo. Rev. Stat. 14-15-101 et seq.; The Family Care Act, Colo. Rev. Stat. 8-13.3-201 et
seq.; the Colorado Job History Law, Colo. Rev. Stat. 8-2-114; the Colorado Crime Victim Leave Law, Colo. Rev. Stat. 24-34-402.7; the Colorado Military Leave Law, Colo. Rev. Stat. 28-3-601 et seq.; the Colorado Military Service Discrimination
Law, Colo. Rev. Stat. 28-1-103, 28-3-506; the Colorado Labor Relations Act, Colo. Rev. Stat. 8-2-101 et seq.; the Colorado Labor Peace Act, Colo. Rev. Stat. 8-3-101 et seq.; the Colorado Wages/Hours/Payroll Law, 8-6-107(2), 8-72-107; the
Connecticut Fair Employment Practices Act, as amended, Conn. Gen. Stat. 46a-51 et seq.; the Connecticut Human Rights and Opportunities Act, as amended, Conn. Gen. Stat. 46a-60; the Connecticut Equal Pay Law, as amended, Conn. Gen. Stat. 
31-75; the Connecticut Family and Medical Leave Act, as amended, Conn. Gen. Stat. 31-51kk et seq.; the Connecticut Minimum Wage and Overtime Law, Conn. Gen. Stat. 31-58 et seq. (claims to disputed wages may not be released); the Connecticut
Maximum Hours and Overtime Law, Conn. Gen. Stat. 31-76b et seq.; the Connecticut WARN Law, Conn. Gen. Stat. 31-51n-o; the Connecticut Whistleblower Protection Law, Conn. Gen. Stat. 31-51m; the Connecticut Drug Testing Law, Conn. Gen. Stat. 
31-51t to 31-51z; the Connecticut Pregnancy Leave Law, Conn. Gen. Stat. 46a-60; the Connecticut Paid Sick Leave Law, Conn. Gen. Stat. 31-57r to 31-57w; Criminal Victim Leave Law, as amended, Sections 54-85d and Section 31-51ss; anti-retaliation
provision of the Connecticut Unemployment Compensation Act, Conn. Gen. Stat. 31-290a(a); the Connecticut Free Speech Law, Conn. Gen. Stat. 31-51q; the Delaware Discrimination in Employment Law, as amended, Del. Code Ann. tit. 19, 710 et seq.;
the Delaware Persons with Disabilities Employment Protections Act, Del. Code Ann. tit. 19, 720 et seq.; the Delaware Equal Pay Law, as amended, Del. Code Ann. tit. 19, 1107A; the Delaware Whistleblowers Protection Act, Del. Code Ann. tit. 19,
1701 et seq.; the Delaware Minimum Wage Act, Del. Code Ann. tit. 19, 901 et seq.; the Delaware Wage Payment and Collection Act, Del. Code Ann. tit 19, 1101 et seq.; the Delaware Access to Personnel File Law, Del. Code Ann. tit. 19 730 et
seq.; the Delaware Job Reference Liability Law, Del. Code Ann. tit. 19 709; the Delaware Military Leave of Absence Law, Del. Code Ann. tit. 20, 905; the Delaware Fair Employment Practices Act, Del Code Ann. tit. 19, 701 et seq.; the Delaware
Law on Break/Meal Periods, 19 Del. C. 707; the Florida Civil Human Rights Act, as amended, Fla. Stat. Ann. 760.01 et seq.; The Florida AIDS Act, Fla. Stat. Ann. 760.50 et seq.; the Florida Wage Discrimination Law, as amended, Fla. Stat. Ann.
725.07; the Florida Equal Pay Law, as amended, Fla. Stat. Ann. 448.07; the Florida Whistleblower Protection Law, Fla. Stat. Ann. 448.102; the Florida Wage Payment Laws, Fla. Stat. Ann. 222.15, 532.01 et seq.; Military Leave
Non-Discrimination Law, Fla. Stat. 250.482, 250.82; the Florida Minimum Wage Law, Fla. Stat. Ann. 448.109 - 110; the Florida Right to Work Law, Fla. Stat. 447.01 et seq.; the Florida Wage Payment Law, Fla. Stat. 532.01 et seq.; the
Florida Workers Compensation retaliation provision, Fla. Stat. 440.205; the Florida Domestic Violence Leave law, Fla. Stat. Ann. 741.313; the Florida Law on Wages/Hours/Payroll, FSA 443.071, 443.171, F.A.C. 60BB-2.032; the Georgia Fair
Employment Practices Act; the Georgia Equal Pay Act, as amended; the Georgia Age Discrimination in Employment Law; the Georgia Equal Employment for Persons with Disabilities Code; the Georgia Minimum Wage Law; the Georgia Equal Pay Act; the
Georgia Guns in the Workplace Law, as amended; the Georgia Military Leave Law; the Georgia Military Service Discrimination Law; the Georgia Minimum Wage Law; the Georgia Right to Work Law; the Georgia Law on Genetic Testing; the Georgia Law on
Discrimination on the Basis of Maternity Leave; the Georgia Law on Sex Discrimination; the Georgia Law on Whistleblowing; the Idaho Fair Employment Practices Act, as amended, the Idaho Code 67-5901 et seq.; the Idaho Equal Pay Law, as amended,
the Idaho Code 44-1701 et seq.; the Idaho Civil Rights Law, as amended, the Idaho Code 18-7301 et seq.; the Idaho Wage Discrimination Law, the Idaho Code 44-1701 et seq.; the Idaho Minimum Wage Law, the Idaho Code 44-1501 et seq.; the Idaho
Genetic Testing Privacy Act, the Idaho Code 39-8301 et seq.; the Idaho Military Leave Law, the Idaho Code 46-224 et seq., 46-407; the Idaho Right to Work Law, as amended, the Idaho Code 44-2001 et seq.; the Idaho Claims for Wages Law, the
Idaho Code 45-601 et seq.; the Idaho Law on Age Discrimination, the Idaho Code 67-5909 and 67-5910(9). the Idaho Law on Sex Discrimination, the Idaho Code 44-1701 et seq.; the Idaho Law on Discrimination Through Genetic Testing, the Idaho
Code 39-8303; the Idaho Law on Discrimination Based on Maternity Leave and Benefits, the Idaho Code 67-5901 et seq. IDAPA 15.04.01.243; the Idaho Law on Family and Medical Leave, IDAPA 15.04.01.242; the Illinois Human Rights Act, as amended,
775 Ill. Comp. Stat. 5/1-101 et seq.; the Illinois Equal Pay Act of 2003, as amended, 820 Ill. Comp. Stat. 112/1 et seq.; the Illinois Equal Wage Act, 820 Ill. Comp. Stat. 110/1 et seq.; the Illinois Wages for Women and Minors Act, 820 Ill. Comp.
Stat. 125/1 et seq.; the Illinois WARN Act, 820 Ill. Comp. Stat. 65/1 et seq.; the Illinois Religious Freedom Restoration Act, as amended, 775 Ill. Comp. Stat. 35/1 et seq.; the Illinois Minimum Wage Law, as amended, 820 Ill. Comp. Stat. 105/1 et
seq.; the Illinois Whistleblower Act, 740 Ill. Comp. Stat. 174/1 et seq.; the Illinois Access to Personnel File Anti-Retaliation Law, as amended, 820 Ill. Comp. Stat. 40/1 et seq.; the Illinois Arrest History Discrimination Law, 775 Ill. Comp.
Stat. 5/2-103 et seq.; Nursing Mothers in the Workplace Act, 820 Ill. Comp. Stat. 260/1 et seq., 740 Ill. Comp. Stat. 137/15; the Illinois AIDS Confidentiality Act, 410 Ill. Comp. Stat. 305/1 et seq.; the Illinois Emergency Services Leave
Law, 50 Ill. Comp. Stat. 748/1 et seq.; the Illinois Family Military Leave Law, 820 Ill. Comp. Stat. 151/1 et seq.; the Illinois Genetic Testing Discrimination Law, as amended, 410 Ill. Comp. Stat. 513/5 et seq.; the Illinois Victims
Economic Security and Safety Act, 820 Ill. Comp. Stat. 180/1 et seq.; the Illinois Service Members Employment Tenure Act, 330 Ill. Comp. Stat. 60/1 et seq.; the Illinois Overtime Law, 820 Ill. Comp. Stat. 105/4a et seq.; the Illinois Right to
Privacy in the Workplace Act, 820 Ill. Comp. Stat. 55/1 et seq.; Abortion Performance Refusal Act, 745 Ill. Comp. Stat. 30/1; the Illinois Health and Safety Act, 820 Ill. Comp. Stat. 225/.01 et seq.; the Illinois Union Employee Health and
Benefits Protection Act, 820 Ill. Comp. Stat. 60/1 et seq.; the Illinois Employment Contract Act, 820 Ill. Comp. Stat. 15/1 et seq.; the Illinois Labor Dispute Act, 820 Ill. Comp. Stat. 5/1 et seq.; the Illinois Law on Break and Meal Periods, 820
Ill. Comp. Stat. ILCS 140/3 and 820 Ill. Comp. Stat. ILCS 140/3.1; the Kansas Act Against Discrimination, as amended, Kan. Stat. Ann. 44-1001 et seq.; the Kansas Equal Pay Law (equal pay provision of the Kansas Minimum Wage Act, as amended, Kan.
Stat. Ann. 44-1201 et seq.), as amended, Kan. Stat. Ann. 44-1205; the Kansas Age Discrimination in Employment Act, Kan. Stat. Ann. 44-1111 et seq.; Payment of undisputed wages, Kan. Stat. Ann. 44-316; Comparative Negligence, Kan. Stat. Ann.
60-258a; the Kansas Discrimination against Military Personnel Act, Kan. Stat. Ann. 44-1125 et seq.; the Kansas Discrimination against Victims of Domestic Violence or Sexual Assault Act, Kan. Stat. Ann. 44-1131 et seq.; the Kansas Rights
Commission K.A.R. 21-30-2 et seq; the Kansas Law on Whistleblowing, Kan. Stat. Ann. 44-1009(a)(4); the Kansas Law on Family and Medical Leave, Kan. Admin. Reg. 1-9-6; Prohibition against requiring waiver of statutory rights as a condition of
employment. Ky. Rev. Stat. Ann. 336.700; the Kentucky Civil Rights Act, as amended, Ky. Rev. Stat. 344.010 et seq.; the Kentucky Equal Opportunities Act, Ky. Rev. Stat. 207.130 et seq.; the Kentucky Equal Pay Act, as amended, Ky. Rev. Stat. 
337.420 et seq.; the Kentucky Wages and Hours Act, Ky. Rev. Stat. 337.010 et seq.; anti-retaliation provision under the Kentucky Workers Compensation Law, Ky. Rev. Stat. 342.197; the Kentucky Occupational Safety and Health Act, Ky. Rev. Stat. 
338.011 et seq.; Penalty is no bar to civil recovery, 446.070; the Kentucky Law on Whistleblowing, Ky. Rev. Stat. KRS 61.102, 207.170(1), 207.210, 337.990(9), 338.121, 605.170; the Louisiana Employment Discrimination Law, as amended, La. Rev.
Stat. Ann. 23:301 et seq.; the Louisiana Employee Protection from Reprisal Law, La. Rev. Stat. Ann. 23:967; the Louisiana Workers Compensation Act, La. Rev. Stat. 23:1021 et seq.; the Louisiana Law on Whistleblowing, La. Rev. Stat. Ann. 
23:968, 30:2027, and 42:1169; the Louisiana Law on Break and Meal Periods, La. Rev. Stat. Ann. 23:213; the Louisiana Law on Sick Leave and Other Paid Time Off, La. Admin. Code 17:1206.2; La. Rev. Stat. Ann. 40:1299.124, La. Rev. Stat. Ann. 
23:642; the Maryland Fair Employment Practices Act, Md. Code Ann., State Govt 20-101-1203.; the Maryland Human Relations Law, as amended, Md. Code Ann., State Govt 20-101 et seq.; Medical Information Discrimination Law, Md. Code Ann., Lab.
and Empl. 5-604 and similar county and city laws such as those of Howard, Md. Code Ann., State Govt 20-1202; Montgomery, Md. Code Ann., State Govt 20-1202; Prince Georges, Md. Code Ann., State Govt 20-1202; and Baltimore County, Md.
Code Ann., State Govt 20-1203, which prohibit employment discrimination; the Maryland Equal Pay For Equal Work Law, as amended, Md. Code Ann., Lab. and Empl. 3-301 et seq; The Health Care Worker Whistleblower Protection Act, Md. Code Ann.,
Health Occ. 1-501-506; the Maryland False Claims Act, Md. Code Ann., Gen. Provis. 8-101-811; The Maryland Parental Leave Act, Md. Code Ann., Lab. & Empl. 3-1201-1211; the Massachusetts Law Prohibiting Unlawful Discrimination, as
amended, Mass. Ann. Laws ch. 151B, 1-10; the Massachusetts Wage Payment Act, Mass. Ann. Laws ch. 149, 148-150; the Massachusetts Discriminatory Wage Rates Penalized Law (the Massachusetts Equal Pay Law), as amended, Mass. Ann. Laws ch. 149, 
105A., the Massachusetts Equal Rights Law, Mass. Ann. Laws ch. 93, 102 et seq.; the Massachusetts Violation of Constitutional Rights Law, Mass. Ann. Laws ch. 12, 11I, the Massachusetts Family and Medical Leave Law, Mass. Ann. Laws ch. 149, 
52D; the Massachusetts Wage Act, ch. 149, 148 et seq.; the Massachusetts Minimum Fair Wage Law, Mass. Ann. Laws ch. 151, 1; the New York State Human Rights Law, N.Y. Exec. Law 290 to 301; the New York City Human Rights Law, N.Y. City Code
8-107 to 8-703 and 14-151; the New York Hours of Labor Law, N.Y. Lab. Law 160 to 170; the New York Wage Payment Law, N.Y. Lab. Law 190 to 199-A; the New York Minimum Wage Act, N.Y. Lab. Law 650 to 666; the New York Wage Standards for Farm
Workers Law, N.Y. Lab. Law 670 to 683; Section 125 of the New York Workers Compensation Law, the New York Whistleblower Law, N.Y. Lab. Law 740-741; the New York Discrimination in Child-Care Leave Law, N.Y. Lab. Law 201-c; the New York State
Civil Rights Law, N.Y. Civ. Rights Law 40 to 45; the New York Off-Duty Conduct Lawful Activities Discrimination Law, N.Y. Lab. Law 201-d; the New York Enforcement of Judgments Law, N.Y. C.P.L.R. 54015408; the New York Maximum Hours
Anti-Retaliation Law, N.Y. Lab. Law 215 as amended.; the New York WARN Requirements Law, N.Y. Lab. Law 860 to 860-I; the New York Employee Privacy Protection Law, N.Y. Lab. Law 203-c.; the New York Retaliatory Action by Employers Law (RAEL),
N.Y. Lab. Law 740 and 741; the New York Nondiscrimination for Legal Actions Law (NLAL), N.Y. Lab. Law 201-d; the New York Equal Pay Law, N.Y. Lab. Law 194; the New York City Earned Sick Time, N.Y.C. Admin. Code 20-911 to 20-924; the North
Carolina Equal Employment Practices Act, N.C. Gen. Stat. 143-422.1 through 143-422.3; the North Carolina Persons with Disabilities Protection Act, N.C. Gen. Stat. 168A-1 through 168A-12; the North Carolina Wage and Hour Act, N.C. Gen. Stat. 
95-25.1 et seq; the North Carolina Lawful Products Use Law, N.C. Gen. Stat. 95-28.2; the North Carolina Parental Leave for School Involvement Law, N.C. Gen. Stat. 95-28.3; the North Carolina AIDS Virus Protection Law. N.C. Gen. Stat. 
130A-148; the North Carolina Sickle Cell Trait and Hemoglobin C Trait, N.C. Gen. Stat. 95-28; the North Carolina Genetic Testing Law, N.C. Gen. Stat. 95-28.1A; the North Carolina Discrimination against persons for lawful use of lawful products
during nonworking hours prohibited, N.C. Gen. Stat. 95-28.2; the North Carolina Right to Work Law, N.C. Gen. Stat. 95-78 to 95-84; the North Carolina Electronic Surveillance Law, N.C. Gen. Stat. 15A-296.; Retaliatory Employment
Discrimination Act, N.C. Gen. Stat. 95-240 through 95-249; the Pennsylvania Human Relations Act (Pa. Stat. Ann. Tit. 43, 951 et seq.); the Pennsylvania Equal Pay Law (Pa. Stat. Ann. Tit. 43, 336.5 et seq.) as amended; the Pennsylvania Wage
Payment and Collection Law (43 Pa. C. S. 260.1, et seq.); the Pennsylvania Minimum Wage Act (43 Pa. Stat. 333.104, et seq.); the City of Philadelphia Fair Practices Code (Pa. Code 9-1103); the South Carolina Human Affairs Law, S.C. Code Ann. 
1-13-10 et seq.; the South Carolina Wage Payment Law, S.C. Code Ann. 41-10-10 et seq.; the South Carolina Military Reemployment Rights Law, S.C. Code Ann. 25-1-2310 et seq.; the South Carolina Right to Work Law, S.C. Code Ann. 41-7-10 et
seq.; the South Carolina Interception of Wire, Electronic, or Oral Communications Law, S.C. Code Ann. 17-30-10 et seq.; Unlawful termination of an employee replaced by an authorized alien, S.C. Code Ann. 41-1-30; Discrimination Against
Employees Who Conscientiously Oppose Working on Sundays, S.C. Code Ann. 53-1-100 to 53-1-120; the Tennessee Human Rights Act, as amended, Tenn. Code Ann. 4-21-401 et seq.; the Tennessee Retaliatory Discharge Law, as amended, Tenn. Code Ann. 
50-1-304; the Tennessee Equal Pay Act, Tenn. Code Ann. 50-2-201 et seq.; the Tennessee Wiretapping Protection Law, Tenn. Code Ann. 39-13-601 et seq.; the Tennessee Disability Act, Tenn. Code Ann 8-50-103; the Tennessee Fair Employment
Practices Law, as amended, (Tenn. Code Ann. 4-21-401 et seq., the Tennessee Maternity Leave Act, Tenn. Code Ann. 4-21-408; Discrimination against Smokers, Tenn. Code Ann. 50-1-304; the Tennessee Whistleblower Laws, Tenn. Code Ann. 50-1-304;
the Texas Labor Code (specifically including the Texas Payday Law; the Texas Anti-Retaliation Act, Chapter 21 of the Texas Labor Code; the Texas Whistleblower Act); the Washington Law Against Discrimination (Wash. Rev. Code 49.60.010 et seq.);
the Washington Equal Pay Law (Wash. Rev. Code 49.12.175 et seq.); the Washington Employment Discrimination Based on Sex Law (Wash. Rev. Code 49.12.200 et seq.); the Washington Age Discrimination Law (Wash. Rev. Code 49.44.090, et seq.); the
Washington Military Family Leave Law (Wash. Rev. Code 49.77 et seq.); the Washington Family Leave Law (Wash. Rev. Code 49.78 et seq.); the Washington Paid Sick Leave Law (Wash. Rev. Code 49.46; WAC 296-128); the Washington Minimum Wage Act
(Wash. Rev. Code 49.46.005, et seq.); and the Washington Wage Payment Act (Wash. Rev. Code 49.48.010, et seq.) (each as amended, as applicable).

10

EXHIBIT B

ADEA DISCLOSURE

(UNDER TITLE 29 U.S. CODE SECTION 626(f)(1)(H))

A decisional unit of the Companys executive team was considered for separation. As part of the reduction in force, employees in the decisional unit who were selected for separation are being given the opportunity
to accept a severance package in exchange for executing a separation agreement and release.

Within this decisional unit, the following criteria were used to select employees for separation and eligibility to receive the severance package: redundancy in roles given the Transaction. Not all criteria were
used to make every selection.

The following table shows employees in the decisional unit who were and were not selected for separation. All impacted employees who have attained the age of 40 years or older will have up to 45 calendar days to
review, consider, and accept the terms and conditions of the separation agreement, and 7 calendar days to revoke their acceptance of such separation agreement, pursuant to the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended.

Employees Eligible for the Termination Program

Job Title 

Age

Chief Executive Officer 

56

Chief Financial Officer 

54

General Counsel 

50

President 

56

EVP Government Solutions 

56

EVP Care 

42

Employees Not Eligible for the Termination Program

Job Title 

Age

EVP, Product 

48

EVP, Chief Clinical Officer 

51

EVP, Technology 

48

EVP, Chief People Officer 

36

EVP, Chief Service Delivery Officer 

44

EVP, General Manager 

58

SVP, Customer Success 

48

SVP, Enterprise Growth 

56

11
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.3
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ef20047047_ex2-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 2.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 2.3

March 28, 2025

Richard Eskew

Sent via email: [redacted]@accolade.com

Dear Rich:

This letter sets forth the terms of your separation from Accolade, Inc. (the Agreement). The term Company Party(ies) shall refer to Accolade, Inc. (the
Company) and any of its parents, subsidiaries, or affiliates, and any of their successors-in-interest.

1. General Matters Relating to Your Separation.

a.Separation Date. Your last day of employment with the Company will be the closing date (the Closing Date) of the transaction contemplated by the Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among the Company, Transcarent, Inc. and certain other parties executed on January
8, 2025 (the Merger Agreement; and the transaction contemplated within the Merger Agreement, the Transaction) (the Separation Date). Further, you acknowledge and agree that during the period of your employment prior to
the Separation Date, nothing about this Agreement or otherwise shall modify your status as an at-will employee.

b.Consideration for Agreement and Releases. If you timely sign, date and return
this fully executed Agreement to the Company, allow the releases contained in this Agreement to become effective, and you otherwise comply with your obligations hereunder (the Severance Preconditions), then

the Company will provide you with the following as your sole severance benefits (the Severance Benefits):

(i)Severance Payment. The Company will pay you, as severance, an amount equivalent to twelve (12) months
of your current base salary ($350,000), subject to standard payroll deductions and withholdings (the Severance Payment). The Severance Payment will be paid to you in a single lump sum on the Closing Date or as soon as reasonably
practicable thereafter (provided that this Agreement is effective by such date), but not later than the first regularly scheduled payroll date after the Effective Date (as defined herein).

(ii)COBRA Severance. To the extent provided by the federal COBRA law or, if applicable, state insurance
laws, and by the Companys current group health insurance policies, you will be eligible to continue your group health insurance benefits at your own expense. Later, you may be able to convert to an individual policy through the provider of the
Companys health insurance, if you wish. If you timely elect continued coverage under COBRA, the Company will pay on your behalf the COBRA premiums to continue your health insurance coverage (including coverage for eligible dependents, if
applicable) (COBRA Premiums) through the period (the COBRA Premium Period) starting on the Separation Date and ending on the earliest to occur of: (i) twelve (12) months following the Separation Date; (ii) the date you become
eligible for group health insurance coverage through a new employer; or (iii) the date you cease to be eligible for COBRA continuation coverage for any reason. In the event you become covered under another employers group health plan or
otherwise cease to be eligible for COBRA during the COBRA Premium Period, you must immediately notify the Company of such event. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that it cannot pay the COBRA
Premiums without a substantial risk of violating applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), the Company instead shall pay you, on the first day of each calendar month, a fully taxable cash
payment equal to the applicable COBRA premiums for that month for the remainder of the COBRA Premium Period, which you may (but are not obligated to) use toward the cost of COBRA premiums.

1

c.Matters Pertaining to Your Separation.

(i)FinalPaycheck;Accrued Salary and Paid Time Off (PTO). Within the timeframe for payment as is required in your jurisdiction, in a final paycheck, the Company will pay you the base compensation that you have earned through
your Separation Date, along with, if applicable, any accrued paid time off, in each case less any applicable deductions or withholdings. You are entitled to these payments regardless of whether you
sign this Agreement.

(ii)Expense Reimbursement. If you have accrued business expenses reimbursable in
accordance with the Companys policies, you may submit your final documented expense reimbursement statement reflecting all business expenses you incurred through the Separation Date, if any, for which
you seek reimbursement, within ten (10) business days of the Separation Date. If such reimbursable business expenses are timely submitted within the ten (10)
business day period, the Company will reimburse you for these expenses pursuant to its regular business practices.

(iii)Equity Awards (Single
Trigger). Any equity incentive compensation awards in respect of the Common Stock of the Company immediately before the Effective Time (as defined in the Merger Agreement) of the Transaction shall be deemed fully vested as of immediately
before such Effective Time (with any performance-vesting conditions deemed satisfied at the target level of performance) and shall be subject to the treatment of equity incentive compensation awards specified in the Merger Agreement in connection
with consummation of the Transaction.

(iv)Tax Matters. All required
federal, state, and local taxes will be withheld by the Company from all payments to be made pursuant to this Agreement. Other than the Companys obligation and right to withhold, you will be responsible for all taxes, interest, and penalties
that may be imposed with respect to the payments contemplated by this Agreement (including, but not limited to, those imposed under Internal Revenue Code Section 409A). The Company has no obligation to provide any tax or legal advice or
counseling to you, and you agree that you shall be solely responsible for obtaining any such tax or legal advice or counseling. To the extent this Agreement is subject to the provisions of Section 409A of the United States Internal
Revenue Code and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (collectively, Code Section 409A), this Agreement, any restricted stock unit or performance stock unit grant agreements, the equity incentive compensation plans under
which they were granted, and any other equity agreements or stock options plans applicable between you and the Company, are, to the extent practicable, intended to comply with Code Section 409A and shall be construed in accordance therewith. To
the extent there is any ambiguity in this Agreement as to its compliance with Code Section 409A, this Agreement shall be read to conform to the requirements of Code Section 409A, and the Company may, in its sole discretion, amend or replace this
Agreement to cause this Agreement to comply with Code Section 409A. Neither the Company nor you shall have the right to accelerate or defer the delivery of any consideration provided under this Agreement except to the extent specifically
permitted or required by Code Section 409A. Terms defined in this Agreement, any restricted stock unit or performance stock unit grant agreement, and the Company 2020 Equity Incentive Plan, shall have the meanings given such terms under Code
Section 409A if and to the extent required to comply with Code Section 409A. In any event, no Company Party make any representation or warranty in respect of any tax matter, including 409A, and no Company Party shall have any liability to you or
any other person if any provisions of or payments under this Agreement are determined to constitute deferred compensation subject to Code Section 409A but not to satisfy the conditions of that section.

(v)No Admission. By signing this Agreement, youindicate yourunderstanding and acknowledgement that this Agreement constitutes a compromise and settlement of any and all actual or potential disputed claims that you
may have. No action taken by the Company hereto, either previously or in connection with this Agreement, shall be deemed or construed to be (a) an admission of the truth or falsity of any actual or potential claims or (b) an acknowledgment or
admission by the Company of any fault or liability whatsoever to you or to any third party.

2

(vi)No Other Compensation or Benefits. By executing this
Agreement, you acknowledge and agree that the Companys obligations to provide you with any severance benefits or any other payments are hereby extinguished (except for the benefits described in this Agreement). You further expressly acknowledge
and agree that the Severance Benefits, and other benefits provided herein, are in full and complete satisfaction of the Companys obligations, if any, to pay you the Severance Benefits under any other agreements, plans, or policies. Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, you have not earned and will not receive any additional compensation, benefits, termination pay, severance or separation pay after the Separation Date. Thus,
for any employee benefits sponsored by the Company or any Company Party not specifically referenced in this Agreement, you will be treated as a terminated employee effective on your Separation Date. This includes but is not limited to:
participation in any 401(k) plan or other retirement plan, the Equity Plans, health plan or associate benefits, life insurance, accidental death and dismemberment insurance, and short and long-term disability insurance. Other than as expressly
set forth in in this Agreement, you acknowledge and represent that the Company and its agents have paid or provided all salary, wages, bonuses, accrued vacation/paid time off, notice periods, premiums, leaves, housing allowances, relocation
costs, interest, severance, outplacement costs, fees, reimbursable expenses, commissions, stock, stock options, vesting, and any and all other benefits and compensation due to you.

2. Company Property / Restrictive Covenants / Confidentiality / Non-Disparagement

a.Return of Company Property. You have returned or will return by the Separation Date to the Company (or destroy, at the Companys election) all of the Companys property in your possession, including, without limitation, any tangible property (laptop computer, cell
phone, PDA, etc.), company credit cards, entry cards, identification badges and keys, paper and electronic documents, including email (and all copies thereof), financial information, business plans, source code, programs, and any other
materials of any kind that contain or embody any proprietary or confidential information or property of the Company that you have had in your possession at any time. If you discover after the Separation Date that you have inadvertently retained
any proprietary or confidential information, you will immediately upon discovery contact the Company and make arrangements for returning the information or destroying it (at the Companys election). If you do not timely return the Companys property, the Company reserves all rights and remedies lawfully available to recover its property or the commensurate value, including, without limitation, the right to cease or
offset payment of the Severance Benefits commensurate with the value of the property at issue.

b.Post-Employment Restrictions. You acknowledge
and agree that your obligation to keep the Companys and all Company Parties non-public, confidential, and proprietary information strictly confidential, to not disclose or use such non-public, confidential, and proprietary information for any
purpose of other than for the Company Parties benefit continues even though your employment with the Company is ending. To the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, you further acknowledge and reaffirm your obligations under the offer
letter, including the restrictive covenants (e.g., confidentiality, non-competition, non-interference, and/or non-solicitation, intellectual property assignment agreements) that are applicable to you and that by their terms survive termination
of your employment (collectively, the RCA), or other such agreement between you and the Company, as applicable. Notwithstanding the above, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1833(b), you may not be held criminally or civilly liable under any
federal or state trade secret law for disclosure of a trade secret: (i) made in confidence to a government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of
law; and/or (ii) in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Additionally, you may disclose a trade secret to your attorney and use the trade secret information in a court
proceeding in a suit for retaliation based on the reporting of a suspected violation of law, so long as any document containing the trade secret is filed under seal and you do not disclose the trade secret except pursuant to court order. Upon
receipt of any subpoena, court order or other legal process compelling the disclosure of any confidential information or documents, you agree to give prompt written notice to the Company to permit it to fully protect the Company Parties
confidentiality interests possible.

3

c.Confidentiality of this Agreement / Non-Disparagement.

(i)Subject to Section 2.c.iii. below, the existence and terms and conditions of this
Agreement, including, but not limited to the Severance Benefits, the amounts to be paid, any negotiations prior to execution of this Agreement, and the existence of any dispute between you and any Company Party (defined herein as Confidential

Matters) shall remain strictly confidential. To the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, neither you nor anyone on your behalf will directly or indirectly disclose, communicate, publish, or reveal the Confidential Matters
orally or in writing in any medium including, but not limited to, electronic mail, television or radio, computer networks or Internet bulletin boards, blogs, social media, such as Facebook, LinkedIn, or Twitter, or any other form of
communication to any third party (collectively, Electronic Communication Mediums), including, without limitation (1) any past, present or future employee of a Company Party, (2) any applicant for employment at a Company Party, (3) any
party to an administrative action, arbitration, mediation, or litigation against a Company Party, and (4) any attorney to any such party, customer, or partner of a Company Party; except in confidence as follows: (a) to your spouse or
domestic partner; (b) to your attorney, accountant, auditor, tax preparer, and financial advisor, provided that such individuals first agree that they will treat such information as strictly confidential and that you agree to be responsible for
any disclosure by any such individual as if you had made the disclosure; or (c) as necessary to enforce its terms or as otherwise required by law.

(ii)To the fullest extent permitted under applicable law and subject to Section 2.c.iii.
below, you agree that neither you nor someone on your behalf will, at any time, through any medium, either orally or in writing, including in any Electronic Communication Medium, disparage, defame, impugn, damage or assail the reputation, or
cause or tend to cause the recipient of a communication to question the business condition, integrity, competence, good character, professionalism, product quality, services or business practices of the Company Parties or their stockholders,
officers, directors, employees, agents, administrators, servants, attorneys, and assigns, as applicable; except that nothing in this Section 2 shall restrict you from making statements in good faith in
response to any question, inquiry, or request for information required by legal process. Further, nothing in this restriction is intended to limit you from making good faith statements to or before an administrative agency investigating an
alleged violation of discrimination laws by the Company.

(iii)Your execution of this Agreement indicates your understanding that nothing in this
Agreement or any other agreement between you and the Company shall in any way limit or prohibit you from engaging in any Protected Activity, which means filing a charge, complaint, or report with, or otherwise communicating with, cooperating
with, or participating in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by, any federal, state or local government agency or commission, including the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the
Occupational Safety and Health Administration, and the National Labor Relations Board (Government Agencies). You understand that in connection with such Protected Activity, you are permitted to disclose documents or other information
as permitted by law, and without giving notice to, or receiving authorization from, the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you agree to take all reasonable precautions to prevent any unauthorized use or disclosure of any information that
may constitute Company confidential information to any parties other than the relevant Government Agencies. You further understand that Protected Activity does not include the disclosure of any Company attorney-client privileged
communications, and that any such disclosure without the Companys written consent shall constitute a material breach of this Agreement. Finally, nothing in this Agreement constitutes a waiver of any rights you may have under the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act or Section 7 of the National Labor Relations Act (NLRA). For purposes of clarity, nothing in this Agreement shall be interpreted to impair or limit your participation in any legally protected activities, such as (i) forming,
joining, or supporting labor unions, (ii) bargaining collectively through representatives of employees choosing, (iii) discussing wages, benefits, or terms and conditions of employment, and (iv) discussing, or raising complaints about, working
conditions for the purpose of mutual aid or protection of you or the Companys other current or former employees, to the extent such activities are protected by Section 7 of the NLRA.

4

(iv)You agree and acknowledge that a breach of any of the terms set forth in this Section 2
shall entitle the Company immediately to recover and/or cease providing the consideration provided to you under this Agreement and to obtain damages, except as provided by law, provided, however, that the Company shall not
recover One Hundred Dollars ($100.00) of the consideration already paid pursuant to this Agreement and such amount shall serve as full and complete consideration for the promises and obligations assumed by you under this Agreement and any
surviving agreement between you and the Company.

3. Releases / Waivers of Rights

a.Release of All Claims. Except as otherwise set forth specifically in this Agreement, you hereby
release, acquit and forever discharge the Company and Transcarent Inc. and each of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, investors, shareholders, administrators, servants, attorneys,
subsidiaries, successors, and assigns (collectively, the Released Party or Released Parties), of and from any and all claims, liabilities, demands, causes of action, costs, expenses, attorneys fees, damages, indemnities, and
obligations of every kind and nature, in law, equity, or otherwise, known and unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way related to agreements, events, acts, omissions, or conduct at any time prior
to and including the date you sign this Agreement. This general release includes, but is not limited to: (i) claims and demands arising out of or in any way connected with your employment with the Company, or the termination of that employment;
(ii) claims or demands related to your compensation or benefits with the Company, including but not limited to, wages, salary, bonuses, commissions, vacation pay, fringe benefits, expense reimbursements, incentive pay, stock, stock options,
severance pay, or any other form of compensation; (iii) claims pursuant to any federal, state or local law, statute, or cause of action including, but not limited to, those claims for discrimination, harassment, retaliation, attorneys fees or
other claims arising under the statutes listed on Exhibit A; (iv) all tort claims, including without limitation, claims for fraud, defamation, emotional distress, and discharge in violation of public policy; and (v) all claims for breach
of contract, wrongful termination, and breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, including claims arising out of any employment agreement, sales commission plan or incentive compensation plan applicable to your employment
with the Company. You are not relying on any other written or oral representations, statements or promises not expressly set forth in writing in this Agreement in agreeing to the releases and waivers set forth herein.

b.ADEA Waiver. You acknowledge and agree that:

i.You have read this Agreement and have had an opportunity to discuss it with individuals of your choice,
who are not associated with Accolade;

ii.Accolade has advised you to consult with an attorney of your own choosing;

iii.You understand the meaning and effect of the terms of this Agreement;

iv.You were given as much time as you needed to determine whether you wished to enter into this Agreement;

v.The entry into and execution of this Agreement, and the releases and waivers contained herein, is your own
free and voluntary act without compulsion of any kind;

vi.No promise or inducement not expressed herein has been made to you;

vii.You have adequate information to make a knowing and voluntary waiver;

viii.You acknowledge that you have been provided with a period of forty-five (45) days to consider this
Agreement prior to entering into it. You also acknowledge that this Agreement was presented on or before March 28, 2025.

5

ix.You agree to notify the Company of your acceptance of this Agreement by executing this Agreement via
DocuSign or other written method as may be mutually agreed; alternatively, you may send a manually signed Agreement by mail to the Company, addressed to the attention of Accolade, Inc., 660 West Germantown Pike, Suite 500, Plymouth Meeting,
PA 19462, Attention: People & Culture. You understand that you may take the entire 45-day period to consider this Agreement. If you return this Agreement prior to the expiration of the 45-day period, you acknowledge that your decision
to shorten the consideration period is knowing and voluntary.

x.By signing and returning this Agreement, you acknowledge that the consideration period afforded to you was
a reasonable period to consider fully every term of this Agreement, including the release and waiver set forth in paragraphs 3.a and 3.b, and that you have given the terms full and complete consideration.

xi.You acknowledge that you shall have seven (7) days after signing this Agreement to revoke it, if you
choose to do so. If you elect to revoke this Agreement, you must give written notice of such revocation to Accolade by sending an email to [redacted]@accolade.com alternatively, you may deliver a
letter with such revocation to Accolade, Inc., 660 West Germantown Pike, Suite 500, Plymouth Meeting, PA 19462, Attention: People & Culture, in such a manner that it is actually received within the 7-day period. If you revoke this
Agreement, you will not be eligible for the Severance Benefits. The 8th day after you have signed this Agreement, provided you have not revoked your signature, will be considered the Effective Date.

xii. You hereby further acknowledge that the Company has provided you with ADEA disclosure information (under 29 U.S.C. 626(f)(1)(H)), attached
hereto as Exhibit B.

c.Release of Unknown Claims. You acknowledge that you have been advised to consult
with legal counsel and that you are familiar with the principle that a general release does not extend to claims that the releaser does not know or suspect to exist in your favor at the time of executing the release, which, if known by you, must
have materially affected your settlement with the releasee. You, being aware of said principle, agree to expressly waive any rights you may have to that effect, as well as under any other statute or common law principles of similar effect.

d.Excluded Claims. The release set forth above
does not include any claims which by law cannot be waived in a private agreement between an employer and employee, any rights you have to file or pursue a claim for workers compensation or unemployment insurance, and any claims for breach of
this Agreement.

4.No Actions or Claims. You represent that you have not
filed any charges, complaints, grievances, arbitrations, lawsuits, or claims against the Company, with any local, state or federal agency, union or court from the beginning of time to the date of execution of this Agreement and that you will
not do so at any time hereafter, based upon events occurring prior to the date of execution of this Agreement. In the event any agency, union, or court ever assumes jurisdiction of any lawsuit, claim, charge, grievance, arbitration, or
complaint, or purports to bring any legal proceeding on your behalf, you will ask any such agency, union, or court to withdraw from and/or dismiss any such action, grievance, or arbitration, with prejudice.

5.No Cooperation. Subject to Section 2.c.iii. above, you
agree that you will not knowingly encourage, counsel, or assist any attorneys or their clients in the presentation or prosecution of any disputes, differences, grievances, claims, charges, or complaints by any third party against any of the
Released Parties, unless under a subpoena or other court order to do so or as related directly to the ADEA waiver in this Agreement. You agree both to immediately notify the Company upon receipt of any such subpoena or court order, and to
furnish, within three (3) business days of its receipt, a copy of such subpoena or other court order. If approached by anyone for counsel or assistance in the presentation or prosecution of any disputes, differences, grievances, claims,
charges, or complaints against any of the Released Parties, you shall state no more than that you cannot provide counsel or assistance.

6

6.Acknowledgements and Representations. You agree, covenant
and represent, and acknowledge and agree that the Company has relied on such agreements, covenants, and representations in agreeing to enter this Agreement, that:

a.you have not suffered any discrimination or harassment by any of the Released Parties
on account of your race, gender, national origin, religion, marital or registered domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law;

b.you have not been denied any leave, benefits or rights to which you may have been
entitled under the FMLA or any other federal or state law, and you were afforded the right to and the Company properly provided you with any leave of absence because of your or your family members health condition or military service and you
have not been subjected to any improper treatment, conduct or actions due to a request for or taking such leave;

c.except as expressly provided in this Agreement, you have been paid all wages, bonuses,
compensation, benefits and other amounts that any of the Company Parties and/or Released Parties have ever owed to you, and you understand that you will not receive any additional compensation, severance, or benefits after the Separation Date,
with the exception of any vested right you may have under the terms of a written ERISA-qualified benefit plan;

d.you have reported to the Company any and all work-related injuries or occupational
illnesses, if any, that may have been incurred by you during your employment with the Company;

e.you have not otherwise suffered any job-related wrongs or injuries for which you
might still be entitled to compensation or relief; and

f.you have had the opportunity to provide the Company with written notice of any and
all concerns regarding suspected ethical and compliance issues or violations on the Companys part.

7.Cooperation with Company. You agree to cooperate with any
of the Company Parties related to matters within your knowledge or responsibility. Such cooperation may include, without limitation (a) meeting with Company Party representatives by telephone, video conference or ay a mutually agreed convenient
location with respect to items within the scope of this Section 7, (b) providing truthful testimony regarding any such items to any court, agency, or other adjudicatory body, (c) providing any Company Party with notice of contact by any
non-governmental adverse party or such adverse partys representative, except as may be required by law. The Company will reimburse you for any reasonable expenses (excluding foregone wages) actually incurred in complying with this Section 7.

8.Reference Inquiries. You will direct any requests for
references to the Talent Acquisition team at the Company via email address at [redacted]@accolade.com. The Company will respond to any and all reference requests by prospective employers by providing only dates of employment and job title.

9.Severability; Entire Agreement; Modification; Governing Law. 

In the event that any provision or any portion of any provision hereof or any surviving agreement made a part hereof becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction or arbitrator to be illegal, unenforceable, or void, this Agreement
shall continue in full force and effect without said provision or portion of provision. This Agreement, including its exhibit, represents the entire agreement and understanding between the Company and you concerning the subject matter of this
Agreement and your employment with and separation from the Company and the events leading thereto and associated therewith, and supersedes and replaces any and all prior agreements and understandings concerning the subject matter of this
Agreement and your relationship with the Company, including any offer letter or employment agreement, with the exception of the RCA. This Agreement may only be amended in a writing signed by you and the Companys Chief Executive Officer. This
Agreement may be executed in counterparts and each counterpart shall be deemed an original and all of which counterparts taken together shall have the same force and effect as an original and shall constitute an effective, binding agreement on
the part of each of the undersigned. The counterparts of this Agreement may be executed and delivered by facsimile, photo, email PDF, Docusign/Echosign or a similarly accredited secure signature service, or other electronic transmission or
signature. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the state in which you primarily performed services for the Company, without regard for choice-of-law provisions. Employee consents to personal and exclusive jurisdiction and venue in
the state in which you primarily performed services for the Company.

7

10.Use as Evidence. You and the Company agree that this
Agreement may be used as evidence in a subsequent proceeding in which any of the parties hereto allege a breach of this Agreement or as a complete defense to any lawsuit brought by or on behalf of a party against the other party. Other than
this exception, the parties agree that this Agreement will not be introduced as evidence in any proceeding or in any lawsuit.

11.Voluntary Execution of Agreement; No Representations. You
understand and agree that you have executed this Agreement voluntarily, without any duress or undue influence on the part or behalf of the Company or any third party, with the full intent of releasing all of your claims against the Company and
any of the other Released Parties. You represent that you have been represented in the preparation, negotiation, and execution of this Agreement by legal counsel of your own choice or has elected not to retain legal counsel. You further
represent that you have carefully read this Agreement and understand its consequences and legal and binding effect of this Agreement and of the releases it contains. You have not relied upon any representations or statements made by the
Company that are not specifically set forth in this Agreement. This Agreement represents the entire agreement and understanding between you and the Company concerning the subject matter discussed herein and supersedes and replaces any and all
prior agreements and understandings concerning the subject matter of this Agreement.

You agree that this Agreement is a negotiated agreement, including as the term negotiated is defined by California Government Code 12964.5(d)(2) or other similar applicable laws, to mean that
this Agreement is voluntary, deliberate, and informed, provides consideration of value to you (the employee), and that you have been encouraged, given notice and provided an opportunity to retain an attorney or are and have been represented by an
attorney in connection with the execution of this Agreement.

[Signature Page to Follow]

8

If this Agreement is acceptable to you, please sign below return the original to me. You have forty-five (45) calendar days from the date you received this Agreement to decide whether to accept
it, and the Companys offer contained herein will automatically expire if you do not sign and return the Agreement within that timeframe.

I wish you good luck in your future endeavors.

Sincerely,

Accolade, Inc. 

/s/ Rajeev Singh 

By: 

Rajeev Singh 

Chief Executive Officer 

ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED:

Signature: /s/ Richard Eskew

By: Richard Eskew

Date: March 28, 2025

9

EXHIBIT A

NON-LIMITING LIST OF STATUTES UNDER WHICH CLAIMS ARE RELEASED

The federal Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended (Title VII); the federal Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, as amended; the federal Age Discrimination in
Employment Act of 1967, as amended (the ADEA); the federal Older Workers Benefit Protection Act (OWBPA), the federal Family Medical Leave Act, as amended; the Pregnancy Discrimination Act, the Genetic Information
Nondiscrimination Act, the Equal Pay Act, the federal Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, as amended; the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended; the Arizona Civil Rights Act, as amended, Ariz. Rev. Stat. 
41-1401 et seq.; the Arizona Employment Protection Act, Ariz. Rev. Stat. 23-1501 et seq.; the Arizona Wage Payment Law, Ariz. Rev. Stat. 23-350 et seq.; the Arizona Equal Wages Act, Ariz. Rev. Stat. 23-341 et seq.; Agreement for waiver of
rights void, Ariz. Rev. Stat. Ann. 23-784; Safe Harbor Provision of Anti-Blacklisting Act, A.R.S. 23-1361; the Arizona Minimum Wage Law, Ariz. Rev. Stat. 23-362 et seq.; the Arizona Right to Work Act, Ariz. Rev. Stat. 23-1301 et seq.;
Drug Testing of Employees Act, Ariz. Rev. Stat. 23-493 et seq.; the Arizona Bring Your Guns to Work Act; Ariz. Rev. Stat. 12-781; Unemployment Benefits, Ariz. Rev. Stat. 23-776; the Arizona Workplace Harassment Law, Ariz. Rev. Stat. 
12-1810; the Arizona Occupational Health and Safety Act, Ariz. Rev. Stat. 23-401 et seq.; the Arizona Medical Marijuana Act, Ariz. Rev. Stat. 36-2801 et seq.; Arizonians with Disabilities Act (Ariz. Rev. Stat. 41-1492 et seq.); the California
Labor Code (as amended); the California Family Rights Act; the California Fair Employment and Housing Act (as amended); the Colorado Anti-Discrimination Act, as amended, Colo. Rev. Stat. 24-34-301 et seq.; the Colorado Religious Discrimination
Rules, Code of Colo. Regs. 3 CCR 708-1, 50.1 to 50.3; Disability Discrimination Rules, 3 CCR 708-1, 60.1 et seq.; the Colorado Age Discrimination Rules, Code of Colo. Regs., 3 CCR 708-1 40.1-40.4; the Colorado Workplace Harassment Rules,
Code of Colo. Regs., 3 CCR 708-1 85, CCR 801-1, Chapter 8, Sections 8-1B to 8-104, and Chapter 9, Sections 9-1B through 9-8B; the Colorado Sex Discrimination Rules, Code of Colo. Regs., as amended, 3 CCR 708-1, 80.1 through 80.11; the
Colorado Marital Status Discrimination Law, Code of Colo. Regs. 3 CCR 708-1 80.1 et seq.; the Colorado Equal Pay Law, as amended, Colo. Rev. Stat. 8-5-102, Colo. Rev. Stat. 24-34-401 et seq., 24-34-306; the Colorado Law Prohibiting
Discrimination by Labor Organization, as amended, Colo. Rev. Stat. 8-3-102(1)(d); the Colorado Whistleblower Law, Colo. Rev. Stat. 24-114-101 et seq.; Any Applicable Minimum Wage Order, Code of Colo. Regs. 7 CCR 1103-1 1-22; the Colorado
Overtime Pay Law, Colo. Rev. Stat. 8-6-111(4); the Colorado Workplace Accommodations for Nursing Mothers Act, Colo. Rev. Stat. 8-13.5-101 et seq.; the Colorado Civil Union Act, Colo. Rev. Stat. 14-15-101 et seq.; The Family Care Act, Colo.
Rev. Stat. 8-13.3-201 et seq.; the Colorado Job History Law, Colo. Rev. Stat. 8-2-114; the Colorado Crime Victim Leave Law, Colo. Rev. Stat. 24-34-402.7; the Colorado Military Leave Law, Colo. Rev. Stat. 28-3-601 et seq.; the Colorado
Military Service Discrimination Law, Colo. Rev. Stat. 28-1-103, 28-3-506; the Colorado Labor Relations Act, Colo. Rev. Stat. 8-2-101 et seq.; the Colorado Labor Peace Act, Colo. Rev. Stat. 8-3-101 et seq.; the Colorado Wages/Hours/Payroll
Law, 8-6-107(2), 8-72-107; the Connecticut Fair Employment Practices Act, as amended, Conn. Gen. Stat. 46a-51 et seq.; the Connecticut Human Rights and Opportunities Act, as amended, Conn. Gen. Stat. 46a-60; the Connecticut Equal Pay Law,
as amended, Conn. Gen. Stat. 31-75; the Connecticut Family and Medical Leave Act, as amended, Conn. Gen. Stat. 31-51kk et seq.; the Connecticut Minimum Wage and Overtime Law, Conn. Gen. Stat. 31-58 et seq. (claims to disputed wages may not
be released); the Connecticut Maximum Hours and Overtime Law, Conn. Gen. Stat. 31-76b et seq.; the Connecticut WARN Law, Conn. Gen. Stat. 31-51n-o; the Connecticut Whistleblower Protection Law, Conn. Gen. Stat. 31-51m; the Connecticut Drug
Testing Law, Conn. Gen. Stat. 31-51t to 31-51z; the Connecticut Pregnancy Leave Law, Conn. Gen. Stat. 46a-60; the Connecticut Paid Sick Leave Law, Conn. Gen. Stat. 31-57r to 31-57w; Criminal Victim Leave Law, as amended, Sections 54-85d and
Section 31-51ss; anti-retaliation provision of the Connecticut Unemployment Compensation Act, Conn. Gen. Stat. 31-290a(a); the Connecticut Free Speech Law, Conn. Gen. Stat. 31-51q; the Delaware Discrimination in Employment Law, as amended,
Del. Code Ann. tit. 19, 710 et seq.; the Delaware Persons with Disabilities Employment Protections Act, Del. Code Ann. tit. 19, 720 et seq.; the Delaware Equal Pay Law, as amended, Del. Code Ann. tit. 19, 1107A; the Delaware Whistleblowers'
Protection Act, Del. Code Ann. tit. 19, 1701 et seq.; the Delaware Minimum Wage Act, Del. Code Ann. tit. 19, 901 et seq.; the Delaware Wage Payment and Collection Act, Del. Code Ann. tit 19, 1101 et seq.; the Delaware Access to Personnel
File Law, Del. Code Ann. tit. 19 730 et seq.; the Delaware Job Reference Liability Law, Del. Code Ann. tit. 19 709; the Delaware Military Leave of Absence Law, Del. Code Ann. tit. 20, 905; the Delaware Fair Employment Practices Act, Del
Code Ann. tit. 19, 701 et seq.; the Delaware Law on Break/Meal Periods, 19 Del. C. 707; the Florida Civil Human Rights Act, as amended, Fla. Stat. Ann. 760.01 et seq.; The Florida AIDS Act, Fla. Stat. Ann. 760.50 et seq.; the Florida Wage
Discrimination Law, as amended, Fla. Stat. Ann. 725.07; the Florida Equal Pay Law, as amended, Fla. Stat. Ann. 448.07; the Florida Whistleblower Protection Law, Fla. Stat. Ann. 448.102; the Florida Wage Payment Laws, Fla. Stat. Ann. 
222.15, 532.01 et seq.; Military Leave Non-Discrimination Law, Fla. Stat. 250.482, 250.82; the Florida Minimum Wage Law, Fla. Stat. Ann. 448.109 - 110; the Florida Right to Work Law, Fla. Stat. 447.01 et seq.; the Florida Wage Payment
Law, Fla. Stat. 532.01 et seq.; the Florida Workers Compensation retaliation provision, Fla. Stat. 440.205; the Florida Domestic Violence Leave law, Fla. Stat. Ann. 741.313; the Florida Law on Wages/Hours/Payroll, FSA 443.071, 443.171,
F.A.C. 60BB-2.032; the Georgia Fair Employment Practices Act; the Georgia Equal Pay Act, as amended; the Georgia Age Discrimination in Employment Law; the Georgia Equal Employment for Persons with Disabilities Code; the Georgia Minimum Wage
Law; the Georgia Equal Pay Act; the Georgia Guns in the Workplace Law, as amended; the Georgia Military Leave Law; the Georgia Military Service Discrimination Law; the Georgia Minimum Wage Law; the Georgia Right to Work Law; the Georgia Law
on Genetic Testing; the Georgia Law on Discrimination on the Basis of Maternity Leave; the Georgia Law on Sex Discrimination; the Georgia Law on Whistleblowing; the Idaho Fair Employment Practices Act, as amended, the Idaho Code 67-5901 et
seq.; the Idaho Equal Pay Law, as amended, the Idaho Code 44-1701 et seq.; the Idaho Civil Rights Law, as amended, the Idaho Code 18-7301 et seq.; the Idaho Wage Discrimination Law, the Idaho Code 44-1701 et seq.; the Idaho Minimum Wage
Law, the Idaho Code 44-1501 et seq.; the Idaho Genetic Testing Privacy Act, the Idaho Code 39-8301 et seq.; the Idaho Military Leave Law, the Idaho Code 46-224 et seq., 46-407; the Idaho Right to Work Law, as amended, the Idaho Code 
44-2001 et seq.; the Idaho Claims for Wages Law, the Idaho Code 45-601 et seq.; the Idaho Law on Age Discrimination, the Idaho Code 67-5909 and 67-5910(9). the Idaho Law on Sex Discrimination, the Idaho Code 44-1701 et seq.; the Idaho Law
on Discrimination Through Genetic Testing, the Idaho Code 39-8303; the Idaho Law on Discrimination Based on Maternity Leave and Benefits, the Idaho Code 67-5901 et seq. IDAPA 15.04.01.243; the Idaho Law on Family and Medical Leave, IDAPA 
15.04.01.242; the Illinois Human Rights Act, as amended, 775 Ill. Comp. Stat. 5/1-101 et seq.; the Illinois Equal Pay Act of 2003, as amended, 820 Ill. Comp. Stat. 112/1 et seq.; the Illinois Equal Wage Act, 820 Ill. Comp. Stat. 110/1 et seq.;
the Illinois Wages for Women and Minors Act, 820 Ill. Comp. Stat. 125/1 et seq.; the Illinois WARN Act, 820 Ill. Comp. Stat. 65/1 et seq.; the Illinois Religious Freedom Restoration Act, as amended, 775 Ill. Comp. Stat. 35/1 et seq.; the Illinois
Minimum Wage Law, as amended, 820 Ill. Comp. Stat. 105/1 et seq.; the Illinois Whistleblower Act, 740 Ill. Comp. Stat. 174/1 et seq.; the Illinois Access to Personnel File Anti-Retaliation Law, as amended, 820 Ill. Comp. Stat. 40/1 et seq.; the
Illinois Arrest History Discrimination Law, 775 Ill. Comp. Stat. 5/2-103 et seq.; Nursing Mothers in the Workplace Act, 820 Ill. Comp. Stat. 260/1 et seq., 740 Ill. Comp. Stat. 137/15; the Illinois AIDS Confidentiality Act, 410 Ill. Comp.
Stat. 305/1 et seq.; the Illinois Emergency Services Leave Law, 50 Ill. Comp. Stat. 748/1 et seq.; the Illinois Family Military Leave Law, 820 Ill. Comp. Stat. 151/1 et seq.; the Illinois Genetic Testing Discrimination Law, as amended, 410
Ill. Comp. Stat. 513/5 et seq.; the Illinois Victims' Economic Security and Safety Act, 820 Ill. Comp. Stat. 180/1 et seq.; the Illinois Service Member's Employment Tenure Act, 330 Ill. Comp. Stat. 60/1 et seq.; the Illinois Overtime Law,
820 Ill. Comp. Stat. 105/4a et seq.; the Illinois Right to Privacy in the Workplace Act, 820 Ill. Comp. Stat. 55/1 et seq.; Abortion Performance Refusal Act, 745 Ill. Comp. Stat. 30/1; the Illinois Health and Safety Act, 820 Ill. Comp.
Stat. 225/.01 et seq.; the Illinois Union Employee Health and Benefits Protection Act, 820 Ill. Comp. Stat. 60/1 et seq.; the Illinois Employment Contract Act, 820 Ill. Comp. Stat. 15/1 et seq.; the Illinois Labor Dispute Act, 820 Ill. Comp.
Stat. 5/1 et seq.; the Illinois Law on Break and Meal Periods, 820 Ill. Comp. Stat. ILCS 140/3 and 820 Ill. Comp. Stat. ILCS 140/3.1; the Kansas Act Against Discrimination, as amended, Kan. Stat. Ann. 44-1001 et seq.; the Kansas Equal Pay Law
(equal pay provision of the Kansas Minimum Wage Act, as amended, Kan. Stat. Ann. 44-1201 et seq.), as amended, Kan. Stat. Ann. 44-1205; the Kansas Age Discrimination in Employment Act, Kan. Stat. Ann. 44-1111 et seq.; Payment of undisputed
wages, Kan. Stat. Ann. 44-316; Comparative Negligence, Kan. Stat. Ann. 60-258a; the Kansas Discrimination against Military Personnel Act, Kan. Stat. Ann. 44-1125 et seq.; the Kansas Discrimination against Victims of Domestic Violence or
Sexual Assault Act, Kan. Stat. Ann. 44-1131 et seq.; the Kansas Rights Commission K.A.R. 21-30-2 et seq; the Kansas Law on Whistleblowing, Kan. Stat. Ann. 44-1009(a)(4); the Kansas Law on Family and Medical Leave, Kan. Admin. Reg. 1-9-6;
Prohibition against requiring waiver of statutory rights as a condition of employment. Ky. Rev. Stat. Ann. 336.700; the Kentucky Civil Rights Act, as amended, Ky. Rev. Stat. 344.010 et seq.; the Kentucky Equal Opportunities Act, Ky. Rev.
Stat. 207.130 et seq.; the Kentucky Equal Pay Act, as amended, Ky. Rev. Stat. 337.420 et seq.; the Kentucky Wages and Hours Act, Ky. Rev. Stat. 337.010 et seq.; anti-retaliation provision under the Kentucky Workers' Compensation Law, Ky.
Rev. Stat. 342.197; the Kentucky Occupational Safety and Health Act, Ky. Rev. Stat. 338.011 et seq.; Penalty is no bar to civil recovery, 446.070; the Kentucky Law on Whistleblowing, Ky. Rev. Stat. KRS 61.102, 207.170(1), 207.210,
337.990(9), 338.121, 605.170; the Louisiana Employment Discrimination Law, as amended, La. Rev. Stat. Ann. 23:301 et seq.; the Louisiana Employee Protection from Reprisal Law, La. Rev. Stat. Ann. 23:967; the Louisiana Workers' Compensation
Act, La. Rev. Stat. 23:1021 et seq.; the Louisiana Law on Whistleblowing, La. Rev. Stat. Ann. 23:968, 30:2027, and 42:1169; the Louisiana Law on Break and Meal Periods, La. Rev. Stat. Ann. 23:213; the Louisiana Law on Sick Leave and Other
Paid Time Off, La. Admin. Code 17:1206.2; La. Rev. Stat. Ann. 40:1299.124, La. Rev. Stat. Ann. 23:642; the Maryland Fair Employment Practices Act, Md. Code Ann., State Gov't 20-101-1203.; the Maryland Human Relations Law, as amended, Md.
Code Ann., State Gov't 20-101 et seq.; Medical Information Discrimination Law, Md. Code Ann., Lab. and Empl. 5-604 and similar county and city laws such as those of Howard, Md. Code Ann., State Gov't 20-1202; Montgomery, Md. Code Ann.,
State Gov't 20-1202; Prince George's, Md. Code Ann., State Gov't 20-1202; and Baltimore County, Md. Code Ann., State Gov't 20-1203, which prohibit employment discrimination; the Maryland Equal Pay For Equal Work Law, as amended, Md. Code
Ann., Lab. and Empl. 3-301 et seq; The Health Care Worker Whistleblower Protection Act, Md. Code Ann., Health Occ. 1-501-506; the Maryland False Claims Act, Md. Code Ann., Gen. Provis. 8-101-811; The Maryland Parental Leave Act, Md. Code
Ann., Lab. & Empl. 3-1201-1211; the Massachusetts Law Prohibiting Unlawful Discrimination, as amended, Mass. Ann. Laws ch. 151B, 1-10; the Massachusetts Wage Payment Act, Mass. Ann. Laws ch. 149, 148-150; the Massachusetts
Discriminatory Wage Rates Penalized Law (the Massachusetts Equal Pay Law), as amended, Mass. Ann. Laws ch. 149, 105A., the Massachusetts Equal Rights Law, Mass. Ann. Laws ch. 93, 102 et seq.; the Massachusetts Violation of Constitutional
Rights Law, Mass. Ann. Laws ch. 12, 11I, the Massachusetts Family and Medical Leave Law, Mass. Ann. Laws ch. 149, 52D; the Massachusetts Wage Act, ch. 149, 148 et seq.; the Massachusetts Minimum Fair Wage Law, Mass. Ann. Laws ch. 151, 1;
the New York State Human Rights Law, N.Y. Exec. Law 290 to 301; the New York City Human Rights Law, N.Y. City Code 8-107 to 8-703 and 14-151; the New York Hours of Labor Law, N.Y. Lab. Law 160 to 170; the New York Wage Payment Law, N.Y. Lab.
Law 190 to 199-A; the New York Minimum Wage Act, N.Y. Lab. Law 650 to 666; the New York Wage Standards for Farm Workers Law, N.Y. Lab. Law 670 to 683; Section 125 of the New York Workers Compensation Law, the New York Whistleblower Law,
N.Y. Lab. Law 740-741; the New York Discrimination in Child-Care Leave Law, N.Y. Lab. Law 201-c; the New York State Civil Rights Law, N.Y. Civ. Rights Law 40 to 45; the New York Off-Duty Conduct Lawful Activities Discrimination Law, N.Y.
Lab. Law 201-d; the New York Enforcement of Judgments Law, N.Y. C.P.L.R. 54015408; the New York Maximum Hours Anti-Retaliation Law, N.Y. Lab. Law 215 as amended.; the New York WARN Requirements Law, N.Y. Lab. Law 860 to 860-I; the New
York Employee Privacy Protection Law, N.Y. Lab. Law 203-c.; the New York Retaliatory Action by Employers Law (RAEL), N.Y. Lab. Law 740 and 741; the New York Nondiscrimination for Legal Actions Law (NLAL), N.Y. Lab. Law 201-d; the New York
Equal Pay Law, N.Y. Lab. Law 194; the New York City Earned Sick Time, N.Y.C. Admin. Code 20-911 to 20-924; the North Carolina Equal Employment Practices Act, N.C. Gen. Stat. 143-422.1 through 143-422.3; the North Carolina Persons with
Disabilities Protection Act, N.C. Gen. Stat. 168A-1 through 168A-12; the North Carolina Wage and Hour Act, N.C. Gen. Stat. 95-25.1 et seq; the North Carolina Lawful Products Use Law, N.C. Gen. Stat. 95-28.2; the North Carolina Parental
Leave for School Involvement Law, N.C. Gen. Stat. 95-28.3; the North Carolina AIDS Virus Protection Law. N.C. Gen. Stat. 130A-148; the North Carolina Sickle Cell Trait and Hemoglobin C Trait, N.C. Gen. Stat. 95-28; the North Carolina
Genetic Testing Law, N.C. Gen. Stat. 95-28.1A; the North Carolina Discrimination against persons for lawful use of lawful products during nonworking hours prohibited, N.C. Gen. Stat. 95-28.2; the North Carolina Right to Work Law, N.C. Gen.
Stat. 95-78 to 95-84; the North Carolina Electronic Surveillance Law, N.C. Gen. Stat. 15A-296.; Retaliatory Employment Discrimination Act, N.C. Gen. Stat. 95-240 through 95-249; the Pennsylvania Human Relations Act (Pa. Stat. Ann. Tit.
43, 951 et seq.); the Pennsylvania Equal Pay Law (Pa. Stat. Ann. Tit. 43, 336.5 et seq.) as amended; the Pennsylvania Wage Payment and Collection Law (43 Pa. C. S. 260.1, et seq.); the Pennsylvania Minimum Wage Act (43 Pa. Stat. 333.104, et
seq.); the City of Philadelphia Fair Practices Code (Pa. Code 9-1103); the South Carolina Human Affairs Law, S.C. Code Ann. 1-13-10 et seq.; the South Carolina Wage Payment Law, S.C. Code Ann. 41-10-10 et seq.; the South Carolina Military
Reemployment Rights Law, S.C. Code Ann. 25-1-2310 et seq.; the South Carolina Right to Work Law, S.C. Code Ann. 41-7-10 et seq.; the South Carolina Interception of Wire, Electronic, or Oral Communications Law, S.C. Code Ann. 17-30-10 et
seq.; Unlawful termination of an employee replaced by an authorized alien, S.C. Code Ann. 41-1-30; Discrimination Against Employees Who Conscientiously Oppose Working on Sundays, S.C. Code Ann. 53-1-100 to 53-1-120; the Tennessee Human
Rights Act, as amended, Tenn. Code Ann. 4-21-401 et seq.; the Tennessee Retaliatory Discharge Law, as amended, Tenn. Code Ann. 50-1-304; the Tennessee Equal Pay Act, Tenn. Code Ann. 50-2-201 et seq.; the Tennessee Wiretapping Protection
Law, Tenn. Code Ann. 39-13-601 et seq.; the Tennessee Disability Act, Tenn. Code Ann 8-50-103; the Tennessee Fair Employment Practices Law, as amended, (Tenn. Code Ann. 4-21-401 et seq., the Tennessee Maternity Leave Act, Tenn. Code Ann. 
4-21-408; Discrimination against Smokers, Tenn. Code Ann. 50-1-304; the Tennessee Whistleblower Laws, Tenn. Code Ann. 50-1-304; the Texas Labor Code (specifically including the Texas Payday Law; the Texas Anti-Retaliation Act, Chapter 21 of
the Texas Labor Code; the Texas Whistleblower Act); the Washington Law Against Discrimination (Wash. Rev. Code 49.60.010 et seq.); the Washington Equal Pay Law (Wash. Rev. Code 49.12.175 et seq.); the Washington Employment Discrimination Based
on Sex Law (Wash. Rev. Code 49.12.200 et seq.); the Washington Age Discrimination Law (Wash. Rev. Code 49.44.090, et seq.); the Washington Military Family Leave Law (Wash. Rev. Code 49.77 et seq.); the Washington Family Leave Law (Wash. Rev.
Code 49.78 et seq.); the Washington Paid Sick Leave Law (Wash. Rev. Code 49.46; WAC 296-128); the Washington Minimum Wage Act (Wash. Rev. Code 49.46.005, et seq.); and the Washington Wage Payment Act (Wash. Rev. Code 49.48.010, et seq.)
(each as amended, as applicable).

10

EXHIBIT B

ADEA DISCLOSURE

(UNDER TITLE 29 U.S. CODE SECTION 626(f)(1)(H))

A decisional unit of the Companys executive team was considered for separation. As part of the reduction in force, employees in the decisional unit who were selected for separation are being given the opportunity
to accept a severance package in exchange for executing a separation agreement and release.

Within this decisional unit, the following criteria were used to select employees for separation and eligibility to receive the severance package: redundancy in roles given the Transaction. Not all criteria were
used to make every selection.

The following table shows employees in the decisional unit who were and were not selected for separation. All impacted employees who have attained the age of 40 years or older will have up to 45 calendar days to
review, consider, and accept the terms and conditions of the separation agreement, and 7 calendar days to revoke their acceptance of such separation agreement, pursuant to the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended.

Employees Eligible for the Termination Program

Job Title 

Age

Chief Executive Officer 

56

Chief Financial Officer 

54

General Counsel 

50

President 

56

EVP Government Solutions 

56

EVP Care 

42

Employees Not Eligible for the Termination Program

Job Title 

Age

EVP, Product 

48

EVP, Chief Clinical Officer 

51

EVP, Technology 

48

EVP, Chief People Officer 

36

EVP, Chief Service Delivery Officer 

44

EVP, General Manager 

58

SVP, Customer Success 

48

SVP, Enterprise Growth 

56

11
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ef20047047_ex3-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBITS 3.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

AMENDED AND RESTATED

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF

ACCOLADE, INC.

ARTICLE I

The name of the corporation is Accolade, Inc. (the Company).

ARTICLE II

The address of the Companys registered office in the State of Delaware is 1209 Orange Street, in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, Delaware 19801. The name of the registered agent at
such address is The Corporation Trust Company.

ARTICLE III

The purpose of the Company is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the Delaware General Corporation Law, as the same exists or as may hereafter be
amended from time to time.

ARTICLE IV

This Company is authorized to issue one class of shares to be designated Common Stock. The total number of shares of Common Stock the Company has authority to issue is 1,000 with par value of $0.001
per share.

ARTICLE V

In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by statute, the board of directors of the Company is expressly authorized to make, alter, amend or repeal the bylaws of the Company.

ARTICLE VI

Elections of directors need not be by written ballot unless otherwise provided in the bylaws of the Company.

ARTICLE VII

To the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law, as the same exists or as may hereafter be amended from time to time, a director of the Company shall not be personally liable
to the Company or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director. If the Delaware General Corporation Law is amended to authorize corporate action further eliminating or limiting the personal liability of directors,
then the liability of a director of the Company shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law, as so amended.

Neither any amendment nor repeal of this Article, nor the adoption of any provision of this Certificate of Incorporation inconsistent with this Article, shall eliminate or reduce the effect of this
Article in respect of any matter occurring, or any cause of action, suit or claim accruing or arising or that, but for this Article, would accrue or arise, prior to such amendment, repeal or adoption of an inconsistent provision.

ARTICLE VIII

The Company shall indemnify, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any director or officer of the Company who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened,
pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (a Proceeding) by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director, officer, employee or agent
of the Company or is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to employee benefit plans,
against all expenses, liability, and loss (including attorneys fees, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with any such Proceeding. The Company shall be required to indemnify
a person in connection with a Proceeding initiated by such person only if the Proceeding was authorized by the Board.

The Company shall indemnify, to the extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law, as it presently exists or may hereafter be amended from time to time, any employee or agent (and any
other persons to which applicable law permits the Company to provide indemnification) of the Company who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any Proceeding by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director, officer,
employee or agent of the Company or is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to employee
benefit plans, against all expenses, liability, and loss (including attorneys fees, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with any such Proceeding.

A right to indemnification or to advancement of expenses arising under a provision of this Certificate of Incorporation or a bylaw of the Company shall not be modified, eliminated or impaired by an
amendment to this Certificate of Incorporation or the bylaws of the Company after the occurrence of the act or omission that is the subject of the civil, criminal, administrative or investigative action, suit or proceeding for which indemnification
or advancement of expenses is sought, unless the provision in effect at the time of such act or omission explicitly authorizes such elimination or impairment after such action or omission has occurred.

ARTICLE IX

Except as provided in ARTICLE VIIand ARTICLE VIII above, the Company reserves the right to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision contained in this
Certificate of Incorporation, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by statute, and all rights conferred upon stockholders herein are granted subject to this reservation.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ef20047047_ex3-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBITS 3.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.2

AMENDED AND RESTATED

BYLAWS OF

ACCOLADE, INC.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE I MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS 

1

1.1 

Place of Meetings 

1

1.2 

Annual Meeting 

1

1.3 

Special Meeting 

1

1.4 

Notice of Stockholders Meetings 

2

1.5 

Quorum 

2

1.6 

Adjourned Meeting; Notice 

2

1.7 

Conduct of Business 

2

1.8 

Voting 

3

1.9 

Stockholder Action by Written Consent Without a Meeting 

3

1.10 

Record Dates 

4

1.11 

Proxies 

5

1.12 

List of Stockholders Entitled to Vote 

5

ARTICLE II DIRECTORS 

6

2.1 

Powers 

6

2.2 

Number of Directors 

6

2.3 

Election, Qualification and Term of Office of Directors 

6

2.4 

Resignation and Vacancies 

6

2.5 

Place of Meetings; Meetings by Telephone 

7

2.6 

Conduct of Business 

7

2.7 

Regular Meetings 

7

2.8 

Special Meetings; Notice 

7

2.9 

Quorum; Voting 

8

2.10 

Board Action by Written Consent Without a Meeting 

8

2.11 

Fees and Compensation of Directors 

8

2.12 

Removal of Directors 

8

ARTICLE III COMMITTEES 

8

3.1 

Committees of Directors 

8

3.2 

Committee Minutes 

9

3.3 

Meetings and Actions of Committees 

9

3.4 

Subcommittees 

9

ARTICLE IV OFFICERS 

10

4.1 

Officers 

10

4.2 

Appointment of Officers 

10

4.3 

Subordinate Officers 

10

4.4 

Removal and Resignation of Officers 

10

4.5 

Vacancies in Offices 

10

4.6 

Representation of Shares of Other Corporations 

10

4.7 

Authority and Duties of Officers 

10

ARTICLE V INDEMNIFICATION 11

5.1 

Indemnification of Directors and Officers in Third Party Proceedings 11

5.2 

Indemnification of Directors and Officers in Actions by or in the Right of the Company 

11

5.3 

Right to Indemnification 

11

5.4 

Successful Defense 

11

5.5 

Indemnification of Others 

12

5.6 

Advanced Payment of Expenses 

12

5.7 

Limitation on Indemnification 

12

5.8 

Determination; Claim 

13

5.9 

Non-Exclusivity of Rights 

13

5.10 

Insurance 

13

5.11 

Survival 

13

5.12 

Effect of Repeal or Modification 

13

5.13 

Certain Definitions 

14

5.14 

Savings Clause 

14

ARTICLE VI STOCK 

14

6.1 

Stock Certificates; Partly Paid Shares 

14

6.2 

Special Designation on Certificates 

15

6.3 

Lost Certificates 

15

6.4 

Dividends 

15

6.5 

Stock Transfer Agreements 

15

6.6 

Registered Stockholders 

15

6.7 

Transfers 

16

ARTICLE VII MANNER OF GIVING NOTICE AND WAIVER 

16

7.1 

Notice of Stockholder Meetings 

16

7.2 

Notice by Electronic Transmission 

16

7.3 

Notice to Stockholders Sharing an Address 

17

7.4 

Notice to Person with Whom Communication is Unlawful 

17

7.5 

Waiver of Notice 

17

ARTICLE VIII GENERAL MATTERS 

18

8.1 

Fiscal Year 

18

8.2 

Seal 

18

8.3 

Annual Report 

18

8.4 

Construction; Definitions 

18

ARTICLE IX AMENDMENTS 

18

AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS

ARTICLE I MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS

1.1Place

of Meetings. Meetings of stockholders of Accolade, Inc. (the Company) shall be held at any place, within or outside the State of Delaware, determined by the Companys board
of directors (the Board). The Board may, in its sole discretion, determine that a meeting of stockholders shall not be held at any place, but may instead be held solely by means of
remote communication as authorized by Section 211(a)(2) of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL). In the absence of any such designation or determination, stockholders
meetings shall be held at the Companys principal executive office.

1.2Annual Meeting. An annual meeting of stockholders
shall be held for the election of directors at such date and time as may be designated by resolution of the Board from time to time. Any other proper business may be transacted at the annual meeting. The Company shall not be required to hold an
annual meeting of stockholders, provided that (i) the stockholders are permitted to act by written consent under the Companys certificate of incorporation and these bylaws, (ii) the stockholders take
action by written consent to elect directors and (iii) the stockholders unanimously consent to such action or, if such consent is less than unanimous, all of the directorships to which directors could be elected at an annual meeting held at the
effective time of such action are vacant and are filled by such action.

1.3Special Meeting. A special meeting of the stockholders may be called at any time by the Board, Chairperson of the Board, Chief Executive Officer or President (in the absence of a Chief Executive Officer) or
by one or more stockholders holding shares in the aggregate entitled to cast not less than 10% of the votes at that meeting.

If any person(s) other than the Board calls a special meeting, the request shall:

(i) be in writing;

(ii) specify the time of such meeting and the general nature of the business proposed to be transacted; and

(iii) be delivered personally or sent by registered mail or by facsimile transmission to the Chairperson of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the President (in the absence of a Chief Executive Officer)
or the Secretary of the Company.

The officer(s) receiving the request shall cause notice to be promptly given to the stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting, in accordance with these bylaws, that a meeting will be held at
the time requested by the person or persons calling the meeting. No business may be transacted at such special meeting other than the business specified in such notice to stockholders. Nothing contained in this paragraph of this section 1.3 shall be construed as limiting, fixing, or affecting the time when a meeting of stockholders called by action of the Board may be held.

1

1.4Notice of Stockholders Meetings. Whenever stockholders are required or permitted to take any action at a meeting, a written notice of the meeting shall be given which shall state the place, if any, date and
hour of the meeting, the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such meeting, the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at the
meeting, if such date is different from the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting, and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called. Except as otherwise provided
in the DGCL, the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws, the written notice of any meeting of stockholders shall be given not less than 10 nor more than 60 days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder entitled to vote at such
meeting as of the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting.

1.5Quorum. 

Except as otherwise provided by law, the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws, at each meeting of stockholders the presence in person or by proxy of the holders of shares of stock having a majority of the votes which could be cast by the
holders of all outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote at the meeting shall be necessary and sufficient to constitute a quorum. Where a separate vote by a class or series or classes or series is required, a majority of the outstanding shares
of such class or series or classes or series, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum entitled to take action with respect to that vote on that matter, except as otherwise provided by law, the certificate of
incorporation or these bylaws.

If, however, such quorum is not present or represented at any meeting of the stockholders, then either (i) the chairperson of the meeting, or (ii) the stockholders entitled to vote at the
meeting, present in person or represented by proxy, shall have the power to adjourn the meeting from time to time, in the manner provided in section 1.6, until a quorum is present or represented.

1.6Adjourned Meeting; Notice. Any meeting of stockholders, annual or special, may adjourn from time to time to reconvene at the same or some other place, and notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if
the time, place, if any, thereof, and the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such adjourned meeting are announced at the meeting at which the
adjournment is taken. At the adjourned meeting, the Company may transact any business which might have been transacted at the original meeting. If the adjournment is for more than 30 days, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each
stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting. If after the adjournment a new record date for stockholders entitled to vote is fixed for the adjourned meeting, the Board shall fix a new record date for notice of such adjourned meeting in
accordance with Section 213(a) of the DGCL and section 1.10 of these bylaws, and shall give notice of the adjourned meeting to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at such adjourned meeting as of
the record date fixed for notice of such adjourned meeting.

1.7Conduct

of Business. Meetings of stockholders shall be presided over by the Chairperson of the Board, if any, or in his or her absence by the Vice Chairperson of the Board, if any, or in the absence of the foregoing persons by the Chief
Executive Officer, or in the absence of the foregoing persons by the President, or in the absence of the foregoing persons by a Vice President, or in the absence of the foregoing persons by a chairperson designated by the Board, or in the absence
of such designation by a chairperson chosen at the meeting. The Secretary shall act as secretary of the meeting, but in his or her absence the chairperson of the meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting. The chairperson
of any meeting of stockholders shall determine the order of business and the procedure at the meeting, including such regulation of the manner of voting and the conduct of business.

2

1.8Voting. 

The stockholders entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of section 1.10 of these bylaws, subject to Section 217 (relating to voting rights of
fiduciaries, pledgors and joint owners of stock) and Section 218 (relating to voting trusts and other voting agreements) of the DGCL.

Except as may be otherwise provided in the certificate of incorporation, each stockholder entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders shall be entitled to one vote for each share of capital
stock held by such stockholder which has voting power upon the matter in question. Voting at meetings of stockholders need not be by written ballot and, unless otherwise required by law, need not be conducted by inspectors of election unless so
determined by the holders of shares of stock having a majority of the votes which could be cast by the holders of all outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote thereon which are present in person or by proxy at such meeting. If authorized by
the Board, such requirement of a written ballot shall be satisfied by a ballot submitted by electronic transmission (as defined in section 7.2 of these bylaws), provided
that any such electronic transmission must either set forth or be submitted with information from which it can be determined that the electronic transmission was authorized by the stockholder or proxy holder.

Except as otherwise required by law, the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws, in all matters other than the election of directors, the affirmative vote of a majority of the voting power
of the shares present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the subject matter shall be the act of the stockholders. Except as otherwise required by law, the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws,
directors shall be elected by a plurality of the voting power of the shares present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the election of directors. Where a separate vote by a class or series or classes or
series is required, in all matters other than the election of directors, the affirmative vote of the majority of shares of such class or series or classes or series present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting shall be the act of such
class or series or classes or series, except as otherwise provided by law, the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws.

1.9Stockholder Action by Written Consent Without a Meeting. Unless otherwise provided in the certificate of incorporation, any action required by the DGCL to be taken at any annual or special meeting of
stockholders of a corporation, or any action which may be taken at any annual or special meeting of such stockholders, may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice, and without a vote, if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth
the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were
present and voted.

An electronic transmission (as defined in section 7.2) consenting to an action to be taken and transmitted by a stockholder or proxy holder, or by a
person or persons authorized to act for a stockholder or proxy holder, shall be deemed to be written, signed and dated for purposes of this section, provided that any such electronic transmission sets
forth or is delivered with information from which the Company can determine (i) that the electronic transmission was transmitted by the stockholder or proxy holder or by a person or persons authorized to act for the stockholder or proxy holder
and (ii) the date on which such stockholder or proxy holder or authorized person or persons transmitted such electronic transmission.

3

In the event that the Board shall have instructed the officers of the Company to solicit the vote or written consent of the stockholders of the Company, an electronic transmission of a
stockholder written consent given pursuant to such solicitation may be delivered to the Secretary or the President of the Company or to a person designated by the Secretary or the President. The Secretary or the President of the Company or a
designee of the Secretary or the President shall cause any such written consent by electronic transmission to be reproduced in paper form and inserted into the corporate records.

Prompt notice of the taking of the corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent shall be given to those stockholders who have not consented in writing and who, if the
action had been taken at a meeting, would have been entitled to notice of the meeting if the record date for notice of such meeting had been the date that written consents signed by a sufficient number of holders to take the action were delivered
to the Company as provided in Section 228 of the DGCL. In the event that the action which is consented to is such as would have required the filing of a certificate under any provision of the DGCL, if such action had been voted on by stockholders
at a meeting thereof, the certificate filed under such provision shall state, in lieu of any statement required by such provision concerning any vote of stockholders, that written consent has been given in accordance with Section 228 of the DGCL.

1.10Record Dates. In order that the Company may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of any meeting of stockholders
or any adjournment thereof, the Board may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board and which record date shall not be more than 60 nor less than 10
days before the date of such meeting. If the Board so fixes a date, such date shall also be the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting unless the Board determines, at the time it fixes such record date, that
a later date on or before the date of the meeting shall be the date for making such determination.

If no record date is fixed by the Board, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day
next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held.

A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided,
however, that the Board may fix a new record date for determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the adjourned meeting, and in such case shall also fix as the record date for stockholders entitled to notice of such adjourned
meeting the same or an earlier date as that fixed for determination of stockholders entitled to vote in accordance with the provisions of Section 213 of the DGCL and this Section 1.10 at the adjourned meeting.

4

In order that the Company may determine the stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, the Board may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede
the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board, and which date shall not be more than 10 days after the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board. If no record date has been
fixed by the Board, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, when no prior action by the Board is required by law, shall be the first date on which a signed written consent
setting forth the action taken or proposed to be taken is delivered to the Company in accordance with applicable law. If no record date has been fixed by the Board and prior action by the Board is required by law, the record date for determining
stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board adopts the resolution taking such prior action.

In order that the Company may determine the stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights or the stockholders entitled to exercise any
rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock, or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is
adopted, and which record date shall be not more than 60 days prior to such action. If no record date is fixed, the record date for determining stockholders for any such purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board
adopts the resolution relating thereto.

1.11Proxies. Each stockholder entitled to vote at a
meeting of stockholders or to express consent or dissent to corporate action in writing without a meeting may authorize another person or persons to act for such stockholder by proxy authorized by an instrument in writing or by a transmission
permitted by law filed in accordance with the procedure established for the meeting, but no such proxy shall be voted or acted upon after three years from its date, unless the proxy provides for a longer period. The revocability of a proxy that
states on its face that it is irrevocable shall be governed by the provisions of Section 212 of the DGCL.

1.12List

of Stockholders Entitled to Vote. The officer who has charge of the stock ledger of the Company shall prepare and make, at least ten days before every meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at the
meeting; provided, however, if the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote is less than 10 days before the meeting date, the list shall reflect the stockholders entitled to vote as
of the tenth day before the meeting date, arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. The Company shall not be required to include electronic
mail addresses or other electronic contact information on such list. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder for any purpose germane to the meeting for a period of at least ten days prior to the meeting: (i) on a reasonably
accessible electronic network, provided that the information required to gain access to such list is provided with the notice of the meeting, or (ii) during ordinary business hours, at the Companys
principal place of business. In the event that the Company determines to make the list available on an electronic network, the Company may take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is available only to stockholders of the Company. If
the meeting is to be held at a place, then the list shall be produced and kept at the time and place of the meeting during the whole time thereof, and may be examined by any stockholder who is present. If the meeting is to be held solely by means
of remote communication, then the list shall also be open to the examination of any stockholder during the whole time of the meeting on a reasonably accessible electronic network, and the information required to access such list shall be provided
with the notice of the meeting.

5

ARTICLE II DIRECTORS

2.1Powers. The business and
affairs of the Company shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board, except as may be otherwise provided in the DGCL or the certificate of incorporation.

2.2Number

of Directors. The Board shall consist of one or more members, each of whom shall be a natural person. Unless the certificate of incorporation fixes the number of directors, the number of directors shall be determined from time to time
by resolution of the Board. No reduction of the authorized number of directors shall have the effect of removing any director before that directors term of office expires.

2.3Election,

Qualification and Term of Office of Directors. Except as provided in section 2.4 of these bylaws, and subject to sections 1.2 and 1.9 of these bylaws, directors shall be elected at each annual meeting of stockholders. Directors need not be stockholders unless so required by the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws. The certificate
of incorporation or these bylaws may prescribe other qualifications for directors. Each director shall hold office until such directors successor is elected and qualified or until such directors earlier death, resignation or removal.

2.4Resignation

and Vacancies. Any director may resign at any time upon notice given in writing or by electronic transmission to the Company. A resignation is effective when the resignation is delivered unless the resignation specifies a later
effective date or an effective date determined upon the happening of an event or events. A resignation which is conditioned upon the director failing to receive a specified vote for reelection as a director may provide that it is irrevocable.
Unless otherwise provided in the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws, when one or more directors resign from the Board, effective at a future date, a majority of the directors then in office, including those who have so resigned, shall
have power to fill such vacancy or vacancies, the vote thereon to take effect when such resignation or resignations shall become effective.

Unless otherwise provided in the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws:

(i) Vacancies and newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors elected by all of the stockholders having the right to vote as a single class may be filled by
a majority of the directors then in office, although less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director.

(ii) Whenever the holders of any class or classes of stock or series thereof are entitled to elect one or more directors by the provisions of the certificate of incorporation, vacancies and newly created
directorships of such class or classes or series may be filled by a majority of the directors elected by such class or classes or series thereof then in office, or by a sole remaining director so elected.

If at any time, by reason of death or resignation or other cause, the Company should have no directors in office, then any officer or any stockholder or an executor, administrator, trustee or
guardian of a stockholder, or other fiduciary entrusted with like responsibility for the person or estate of a stockholder, may call a special meeting of stockholders in accordance with the provisions of the certificate of incorporation or these
bylaws, or may apply to the Court of Chancery for a decree summarily ordering an election as provided in Section 211 of the DGCL.

6

If, at the time of filling any vacancy or any newly created directorship, the directors then in office constitute less than a majority of the whole Board (as constituted immediately prior to any
such increase), the Court of Chancery may, upon application of any stockholder or stockholders holding at least 10% of the voting stock at the time outstanding having the right to vote for such directors, summarily order an election to be held to
fill any such vacancies or newly created directorships, or to replace the directors chosen by the directors then in office as aforesaid, which election shall be governed by the provisions of Section 211 of the DGCL as far as applicable.

A director elected to fill a vacancy shall be elected for the unexpired term of his or her predecessor in office and until such directors successor is elected and qualified, or until such
directors earlier death, resignation or removal.

2.5Place of Meetings; Meetings by Telephone. The Board may hold meetings, both regular and special, either within or outside the State of Delaware.

Unless otherwise restricted by the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws, members of the Board, or any committee designated by the Board, may participate in a meeting of the Board, or any
committee, by means of conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and such participation in a meeting shall constitute presence in person at the meeting.

2.6Conduct of Business. Meetings of the Board shall be presided over by the Chairperson of the Board, if any, or in his or her absence by the Vice Chairperson of the Board, if any, or in the absence of the
foregoing persons by a chairperson designated by the Board, or in the absence of such designation by a chairperson chosen at the meeting. The Secretary shall act as secretary of the meeting, but in his or her absence the chairperson of the
meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting.

2.7Regular

Meetings. Regular meetings of the Board may be held without notice at such time and at such place as shall from time to time be determined by the Board.

2.8Special Meetings; Notice. Special meetings of the Board for any purpose or purposes may be called at any time by the Chairperson of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the
President, the Secretary or any two directors.

Notice of the time and place of special meetings shall be:

(i) delivered personally by hand, by courier or by telephone;

(ii) sent by United States first-class mail, postage prepaid;

(iii) sent by facsimile; or

(iv) sent by electronic mail,

directed to each director at that directors address, telephone number, facsimile number or electronic mail address, as the case may be, as shown on the Companys records.

7

If the notice is (i) delivered personally by hand, by courier or by telephone, (ii) sent by facsimile or (iii) sent by electronic mail, it shall be delivered or sent at least 24 hours before the
time of the holding of the meeting. If the notice is sent by United States mail, it shall be deposited in the United States mail at least four days before the time of the holding of the meeting. Any oral notice may be communicated to the
director. The notice need not specify the place of the meeting (if the meeting is to be held at the Companys principal executive office) nor the purpose of the meeting.

2.9Quorum; Voting. At all meetings of the Board, a majority of the total authorized number of directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. If a quorum is not present at any meeting of the
Board, then the directors present thereat may adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum is present. A meeting at which a quorum is initially present may continue to transact
business notwithstanding the withdrawal of directors, if any action taken is approved by at least a majority of the required quorum for that meeting.

The vote of a majority of the directors present at any meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Board, except as may be otherwise specifically provided by statute, the
certificate of incorporation or these bylaws.

If the certificate of incorporation provides that one or more directors shall have more or less than one vote per director on any matter, every reference in these bylaws to a majority or other
proportion of the directors shall refer to a majority or other proportion of the votes of the directors.

2.10Board Action by Written Consent Without a Meeting. Unless otherwise restricted by the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws, any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board, or
of any committee thereof, may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission and the writing or writings or electronic transmission or
transmissions are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board or committee. Such filing shall be in paper form if the minutes are maintained in paper form and shall be in electronic form if the minutes are maintained in electronic form.

2.11Fees

and Compensation of Directors. Unless otherwise restricted by the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws, the Board shall have the authority to fix the compensation of directors.

2.12Removal of Directors. Unless otherwise restricted by statute, the certificate of
incorporation or these bylaws, any director or the entire Board may be removed, with or without cause, by the holders of a majority of the shares then entitled to vote at an election of directors.

No reduction of the authorized number of directors shall have the effect of removing any director prior to the expiration of such directors term of office.

8

ARTICLE III COMMITTEES

3.1Committees

of Directors. The Board may designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the Company. The Board may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace
any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of a committee, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not such member or
members constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member. Any such committee, to the extent provided in the resolution of the Board or in these
bylaws, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board in the management of the business and affairs of the Company, and may authorize the seal of the Company to be affixed to all papers that may require it; but no such
committee shall have the power or authority to (i) approve or adopt, or recommend to the stockholders, any action or matter (other than the election or removal of directors) expressly required by the DGCL to be submitted to stockholders for
approval, or (ii) adopt, amend or repeal any bylaw of the Company.

3.2Committee

Minutes. Each committee shall keep regular minutes of its meetings and report the same to the Board when required.

3.3Meetings

and Actions of Committees. Meetings and actions of committees shall be governed by, and held and taken in accordance with, the provisions of:

(i) section 2.5 (Place of Meetings; Meetings by Telephone);

(ii) section 2.7 (Regular Meetings);

(iii) section 2.8 (Special Meetings; Notice);

(iv) section 2.9 (Quorum; Voting);

(v) section 2.10 (Board Action by Written Consent Without a Meeting); and

(vi) section 7.5 (Waiver of Notice)

with such changes in the context of those bylaws as are necessary to substitute the committee and its members for the Board and its members. However:

(i) the time of regular meetings of committees may be determined either by resolution of the Board or by resolution of the committee;

(ii) special meetings of committees may also be called by resolution of the Board; and

(iii) notice of special meetings of committees shall also be given to all alternate members, who shall have the right to attend all meetings of the committee. The Board may adopt rules for the government of
any committee not inconsistent with the provisions of these bylaws.

Any provision in the certificate of incorporation providing that one or more directors shall have more or less than one vote per director on any matter shall apply to voting in any committee or
subcommittee, unless otherwise provided in the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws.

3.4Subcommittees. Unless otherwise provided in the certificate of incorporation, these
bylaws or the resolutions of the Board designating the committee, a committee may create one or more subcommittees, each subcommittee to consist of one or more members of the committee, and delegate to a subcommittee any or all of the powers and
authority of the committee.

9

ARTICLE IV OFFICERS

4.1Officers. The officers
of the Company shall be a President and a Secretary. The Company may also have, at the discretion of the Board, a Chairperson of the Board, a Vice Chairperson of the Board, a Chief Executive Officer, one or more Vice Presidents, a Chief Financial
Officer, a Treasurer, one or more Assistant Treasurers, one or more Assistant Secretaries, and any such other officers as may be appointed in accordance with the provisions of these bylaws. Any number of offices may be held by the same person.

4.2Appointment of Officers. The Board shall appoint the officers of the Company, except such officers as may be appointed in accordance with the provisions of section 4.3
of these bylaws.

4.3Subordinate Officers. The Board may appoint, or empower the Chief Executive Officer or, in the absence of a Chief Executive Officer, the President, to appoint, such other officers
and agents as the business of the Company may require. Each of such officers and agents shall hold office for such period, have such authority, and perform such duties as are provided in these bylaws or as the Board may from time to time
determine.

4.4Removal

and Resignation of Officers. Any officer may be removed, either with or without cause, by an affirmative vote of the majority of the Board at any regular or special meeting of the Board or, except in the case of an officer chosen by the
Board, by any officer upon whom such power of removal may be conferred by the Board.

Any officer may resign at any time by giving written notice to the Company. Any resignation shall take effect at the date of the receipt of that notice or at any later time specified in that
notice. Unless otherwise specified in the notice of resignation, the acceptance of the resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. Any resignation is without prejudice to the rights, if any, of the Company under any contract to which
the officer is a party.

4.5Vacancies in Offices. Any vacancy occurring in any office of the Company shall be
filled by the Board or as provided in section 4.3.

4.6Representation of Shares of Other Corporations. Unless otherwise directed by the
Board, the President or any other person authorized by the Board or the President is authorized to vote, represent and exercise on behalf of the Company all rights incident to any and all shares of any other corporation or corporations standing
in the name of the Company. The authority granted herein may be exercised either by such person directly or by any other person authorized to do so by proxy or power of attorney duly executed by such person having the authority.

4.7Authority and Duties of Officers. Except as otherwise provided in these bylaws,
the officers of the Company shall have such powers and duties in the management of the Company as may be designated from time to time by the Board and, to the extent not so provided, as generally pertain to their respective offices, subject to
the control of the Board.

10

ARTICLE V INDEMNIFICATION

5.1Indemnification of Directors and Officers in Third Party Proceedings. Subject to the other provisions
of this Article V, the Company shall indemnify, to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, as now or hereinafter in effect, any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any
threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (a Proceeding) (other than an action by or in the right of the
Company) by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director or officer of the Company, or is or was a director or officer of the Company serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee or agent of (and any other
persons to which applicable law permits the Company to provide indemnification) another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against all expenses, liability and loss (including attorneys fees judgments, fines and
amounts paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred or suffered by such person in connection with such Proceeding if such person acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best
interests of the Company, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe such persons conduct was unlawful. The termination of any Proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea
of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to
the best interests of the Company, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that such persons conduct was unlawful.

5.2Indemnification

of Directors and Officers in Actions by or in the Right of the Company. Subject to the other provisions of this Article V, the Company shall indemnify, to the fullest extent permitted by the
DGCL, as now or hereinafter in effect, any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of
the fact that such person is or was a director or officer of the Company, or is or was a director or officer of the Company serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee or agent of (and any other persons to which
applicable law permits the Company to provide indemnification) another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against all expenses liability, and loss (including attorneys fees, judgments, fines and amounts paid in
settlement) actually and reasonably incurred or suffered by such person in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if such person acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed
to the best interests of the Company; except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the Company unless and only to the extent that the Court
of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to
indemnity for such expenses which the Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper.

5.3Right to Indemnification. A right to indemnification
or to advancement of expenses arising under a provision of these bylaws shall not be eliminated, modified or impaired by an amendment to these bylaws after the occurrence of the act or omission that is the subject of the civil, criminal,
administrative or investigative action, suit or proceeding for which indemnification or advancement of expenses is sought, unless the provision in effect at the time of such act or omission explicitly authorizes such elimination or impairment
after such action or omission has occurred.

5.4Successful Defense. To the extent that a present or former director or officer of the Company has been successful on the
merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding described in section5.1 or section5.2, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, such person shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection therewith.

11

5.5Indemnification of Others. Subject to the other provisions of this Article V, the Company shall have power to indemnify its employees and agents to the extent not prohibited by the DGCL or other applicable law. The Board shall have the power to delegate to such person or
persons the determination of whether employees or agents shall be indemnified.

5.6Advanced Payment of Expenses. Expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred by an officer or director of the Company in defending any Proceeding shall be paid by the Company in advance of the final
disposition of such Proceeding upon receipt of a written request therefor (together with documentation reasonably evidencing such expenses) and an undertaking by or on behalf of the person to repay such amounts if it shall ultimately be
determined that the person is not entitled to be indemnified under this Article V or the DGCL. Such expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred by former directors and officers or other employees and
agents of the Company or by persons serving at the request of the Company as directors, officers, employees or agents of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise may be so paid upon such terms and conditions, if
any, as the Company deems appropriate. The right to advancement of expenses shall not apply to any Proceeding for which indemnity is excluded pursuant to these bylaws, but shall apply to any Proceeding referenced in section 5.7(ii) or 5.7(iii) prior to a determination that the person is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company.

5.7Limitation on Indemnification. Subject to the requirements in section 5.4 and the DGCL, the Company shall not
be obligated to indemnify any person pursuant to this Article V in connection with any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding):

(i) for which payment has actually been made to or on behalf of such person under any statute, insurance policy, indemnity provision, vote or otherwise, except with respect to
any excess beyond the amount paid;

(ii) for an accounting or disgorgement of profits pursuant to Section 16(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or similar provisions
of federal, state or local statutory law or common law, if such person is held liable therefor (including pursuant to any settlement arrangements);

(iii) for any reimbursement of the Company by such person of any bonus or other incentive-based or equity-based compensation or of any profits realized by
such person from the sale of securities of the Company, as required in each case under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (including any such reimbursements that arise from an accounting restatement of the Company pursuant to
Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act), or the payment to the Company of profits arising from the purchase and sale by such person of securities in
violation of Section 306 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act), if such person is held liable therefor (including pursuant to any settlement arrangements);

(iv) initiated by such person, including any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by such person against the Company or its directors,
officers, employees, agents or other indemnitees, unless (a) the Board authorized the Proceeding (or the relevant part of the Proceeding) prior to its initiation, (b) the Company provides the indemnification, in its sole discretion, pursuant to
the powers vested in the Company under applicable law, (c) otherwise required to be made under section 5.8 or (d) otherwise required by applicable law; or

12

(v) if prohibited by applicable law.

5.8Determination; Claim. If a claim for indemnification or advancement of expenses
under this Article V is not paid in full by the Company or on its behalf within 90 days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor, except in the case of a claim for an advancement of
expenses, in which case the applicable period shall be within 15 days of a written request by the claimant, the claimant shall be entitled to an adjudication by a court of competent jurisdiction of his or her entitlement to such indemnification
or advancement of expenses. To the extent not prohibited by law, the Company shall indemnify such person against all expenses actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with any action for indemnification or advancement of
expenses from the Company under this Article V, to the extent such person is successful in whole or in part in such action. In any such suit, the Company shall, to the fullest extent not prohibited by law,
have the burden of proving that the claimant is not entitled to the requested indemnification or advancement of expenses.

5.9Non-Exclusivity

of Rights. The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this Article V shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking
indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under the certificate of incorporation or any statute, bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in such persons official capacity
and as to action in another capacity while holding such office. The Company is specifically authorized to enter into individual contracts with any or all of its directors, officers, employees or agents respecting indemnification and advancement
of expenses, to the fullest extent not prohibited by the DGCL or other applicable law.

5.10Insurance. The Company may purchase and maintain
insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company, or is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint
venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability asserted against such person and incurred by such person in any such capacity, or arising out of such persons status as such, whether or not the Company would have the power to indemnify
such person against such liability under the provisions of the DGCL.

5.11Survival. The rights to
indemnification and advancement of expenses conferred by this Article V shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of the
heirs, executors and administrators of such a person.

5.12Effect of Repeal or Modification. A right to
indemnification or to advancement of expenses arising under a provision of the certificate of incorporation or a bylaw shall not be eliminated or impaired by an amendment to the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws after the occurrence of
the act or omission that is the subject of the civil, criminal, administrative or investigative action, suit or proceeding for which indemnification or advancement of expenses is sought, unless the provision in effect at the time of such act or
omission explicitly authorizes such elimination or impairment after such action or omission has occurred.

13

5.13Certain Definitions. For
purposes of this Article V, references to the Company shall include, in addition to the resulting corporation, any constituent corporation
(including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which, if its separate existence had continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors, officers, employees or agents, so that any person
who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of such constituent corporation, or is or was serving at the request of such constituent corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint
venture, trust or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position under the provisions of this Article V with respect to the resulting or surviving corporation as such person would have with respect to
such constituent corporation if its separate existence had continued. For purposes of this Article V, references to other enterprises shall
include employee benefit plans; references to fines shall include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to an employee benefit plan; and references to serving at the request of the Company shall include any service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director,
officer, employee or agent with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in the interest of the participants and
beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner not opposed to the best interests of the Company as referred to in this Article V.

5.14Savings Clause. If this Bylaw or any portion hereof shall be invalidated on any ground by any court of competent jurisdiction, then the Company shall nevertheless indemnify each claimant to the full extent not prohibited by any
applicable portion of this section that shall not have been invalidated, or by any other applicable law. If this section shall be invalid due to the application of the indemnification provisions of another jurisdiction, then the corporation shall
indemnify each claimant to the fullest extent under any other applicable law.

ARTICLE VI STOCK

6.1Stock

Certificates; Partly Paid Shares. The shares of the Company shall be represented by certificates, provided that the Board may provide by resolution or resolutions that some or all of any or all
classes or series of its stock shall be uncertificated shares. Any such resolution shall not apply to shares represented by a certificate until such certificate is surrendered to the Company. Every holder of stock represented by certificates
shall be entitled to have a certificate signed by, or in the name of the Company by the Chairperson of the Board or Vice-Chairperson of the Board, or the President or a Vice-President, and by the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer, or the
Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company representing the number of shares registered in certificate form. Any or all of the signatures on the certificate may be a facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has
signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate has ceased to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Company with the same effect as if such person were such
officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue. The Company shall not have power to issue a certificate in bearer form.

The Company may issue the whole or any part of its shares as partly paid and subject to call for the remainder of the consideration to be paid therefor. Upon the face or back of each stock
certificate issued to represent any such partly paid shares, or upon the books and records of the Company in the case of uncertificated partly paid shares, the total amount of the consideration to be paid therefor and the amount paid thereon
shall be stated. Upon the declaration of any dividend on fully paid shares, the Company shall declare a dividend upon partly paid shares of the same class, but only upon the basis of the percentage of the consideration actually paid thereon.

14

6.2Special

Designation on Certificates. If the Company is authorized to issue more than one class of stock or more than one series of any class, then the powers, the designations, the preferences, and the relative, participating, optional or other
special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights shall be set forth in full or summarized on the face or back of the certificate that the Company shall
issue to represent such class or series of stock; provided that, except as otherwise provided in Section 202 of the DGCL, in lieu of the foregoing requirements there may be set forth on the face or back
of the certificate that the Company shall issue to represent such class or series of stock, a statement that the Company will furnish without charge to each stockholder who so requests the powers, designations, preferences and relative,
participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights. Within a reasonable time after the issuance or transfer of
uncertificated stock, the Company shall send to the registered owner thereof a written notice containing the information required to be set forth or stated on certificates pursuant to this section 6.2 or
Sections 156, 202(a) or 218(a) of the DGCL or with respect to this section 6.2 a statement that the Company will furnish without charge to each stockholder who so requests the powers, designations,
preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights. Except as otherwise expressly provided by
law, the rights and obligations of the holders of uncertificated stock and the rights and obligations of the holders of certificates representing stock of the same class and series shall be identical.

6.3Lost Certificates. Except as provided in this section 6.3, no new certificates for shares shall be issued to replace a previously issued certificate unless the latter
is surrendered to the Company and cancelled at the same time. The Company may issue a new certificate of stock or uncertificated shares in the place of any certificate theretofore issued by it, alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, and
the Company may require the owner of the lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, or such owners legal representative, to give the Company a bond sufficient to indemnify it against any claim that may be made against it on account of the alleged
loss, theft or destruction of any such certificate or the issuance of such new certificate or uncertificated shares.

6.4Dividends. 

The Board, subject to any restrictions contained in the certificate of incorporation or applicable law, may declare and pay dividends upon the shares of the Companys capital stock. Dividends may be paid in cash, in property, or in shares of the
Companys capital stock, subject to the provisions of the certificate of incorporation.

The Board may set apart out of any of the funds of the Company available for dividends a reserve or reserves for any proper purpose and may abolish any such reserve.

6.5Stock

Transfer Agreements. The Company shall have power to enter into and perform any agreement with any number of stockholders of any one or more classes of stock of the Company to restrict the transfer of shares of stock of the Company of
any one or more classes owned by such stockholders in any manner not prohibited by the DGCL.

6.6Registered

Stockholders. The Company:

15

(i) shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person registered on its books as the owner of shares to receive dividends and to vote as such owner;

(ii) shall be entitled to hold liable for calls and assessments the person registered on its books as the owner of shares; and

(iii) shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or shares on the part of another person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as
otherwise provided by the laws of Delaware.

6.7Transfers. Transfers of record of shares of stock of
the Company shall be made only upon its books by the holders thereof, in person or by an attorney duly authorized, and, if such stock is certificated, upon the surrender of a certificate or certificates for a like number of shares, properly
endorsed or accompanied by proper evidence of succession, assignation or authority to transfer.

ARTICLE VII MANNER OF GIVING NOTICE AND WAIVER

7.1Notice of Stockholder Meetings. Notice of any meeting of stockholders, if mailed, is given
when deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, directed to the stockholder at such stockholders address as it appears on the Companys records. An affidavit of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company or of the transfer
agent or other agent of the Company that the notice has been given shall, in the absence of fraud, be prima facie evidence of the facts stated therein.

7.2Notice by Electronic Transmission. Without limiting the manner by which notice otherwise may be given effectively to stockholders pursuant to the DGCL, the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws, any
notice to stockholders given by the Company under any provision of the DGCL, the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws shall be effective if given by a form of electronic transmission consented to by the stockholder to whom the notice is
given. Any such consent shall be revocable by the stockholder by written notice to the Company. Any such consent shall be deemed revoked if:

(i) the Company is unable to deliver by electronic transmission two consecutive notices given by the Company in accordance with such consent; and

(ii) such inability becomes known to the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company or to the transfer agent, or other person responsible for the giving of notice.

However, the inadvertent failure to treat such inability as a revocation shall not invalidate any meeting or other action.

Any notice given pursuant to the preceding paragraph shall be deemed given:

(i) if by facsimile telecommunication, when directed to a number at which the stockholder has consented to receive notice;

(ii) if by electronic mail, when directed to an electronic mail address at which the stockholder has consented to receive notice;

16

(iii) if by a posting on an electronic network together with separate notice to the stockholder of such specific posting, upon the later of (A) such posting and (B) the giving of such separate notice; and

(iv) if by any other form of electronic transmission, when directed to the stockholder.

An affidavit of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary or of the transfer agent or other agent of the Company that the notice has been given by a form of electronic transmission shall, in the
absence of fraud, be prima facie evidence of the facts stated therein.

An electronic transmission means any form of communication, not directly involving the physical transmission of paper, that creates a
record that may be retained, retrieved, and reviewed by a recipient thereof, and that may be directly reproduced in paper form by such a recipient through an automated process.

Notice by a form of electronic transmission shall not apply to Sections 164, 296, 311, 312 or 324 of the DGCL.

7.3Notice to Stockholders Sharing
an Address. Except as otherwise prohibited under the DGCL, without limiting the manner by which notice otherwise may be given effectively to stockholders, any notice to stockholders given by the Company under the provisions of the DGCL,
the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws shall be effective if given by a single written notice to stockholders who share an address if consented to by the stockholders at that address to whom such notice is given. Any such consent shall
be revocable by the stockholder by written notice to the Company. Any stockholder who fails to object in writing to the Company, within 60 days of having been given written notice by the Company of its intention to send the single notice, shall
be deemed to have consented to receiving such single written notice.

7.4Notice to Person with Whom Communication is Unlawful. Whenever notice is required
to be given, under the DGCL, the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws, to any person with whom communication is unlawful, the giving of such notice to such person shall not be required and there shall be no duty to apply to any
governmental authority or agency for a license or permit to give such notice to such person. Any action or meeting which shall be taken or held without notice to any such person with whom communication is unlawful shall have the same force and
effect as if such notice had been duly given. In the event that the action taken by the Company is such as to require the filing of a certificate under the DGCL, the certificate shall state, if such is the fact and if notice is required, that
notice was given to all persons entitled to receive notice except such persons with whom communication is unlawful.

7.5Waiver of Notice. Whenever notice is required to be given under any provision of the DGCL, the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws, a written waiver, signed by the person
entitled to notice, or a waiver by electronic transmission by the person entitled to notice, whether before or after the time of the event for which notice is to be given, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of a person at a meeting
shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or
convened. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the stockholders need be specified in any written waiver of notice or any waiver by electronic transmission unless so required by the
certificate of incorporation or these bylaws.

17

ARTICLE VIII GENERAL MATTERS

8.1Fiscal Year. The fiscal year of the Company shall be fixed by resolution of the Board and may be changed by the Board.

8.2Seal. The Company may
adopt a corporate seal, which shall be in such form as may be approved from time to time by the Board. The Company may use the corporate seal by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or in any other manner reproduced.

8.3Annual Report. The
Company shall cause an annual report to be sent to the stockholders of the Company to the extent required by applicable law. If and so long as there are fewer than 100 holders of record of the Companys shares, the requirement of sending an
annual report to the stockholders of the Company is expressly waived (to the extent permitted under applicable law).

8.4Construction;

Definitions. Unless the context requires otherwise, the general provisions, rules of construction, and definitions in the DGCL shall govern the construction of these bylaws. Without limiting the generality of this provision, the
singular number includes the plural, the plural number includes the singular, and the term person includes both a corporation and a natural person.

ARTICLE IX AMENDMENTS

These bylaws may be adopted, amended or repealed by the stockholders entitled to vote. However, the Company may, in its certificate of incorporation, confer the power to adopt, amend or repeal
bylaws upon the directors. The fact that such power has been so conferred upon the directors shall not divest the stockholders of the power, nor limit their power to adopt, amend or repeal bylaws.

A bylaw amendment adopted by stockholders which specifies the votes that shall be necessary for the election of directors shall not be further amended or repealed by the Board.

18
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ef20047047_ex4-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBITS 4.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

EXECUTION VERSION

ACCOLADE, INC.

AND

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

(as successor in interest to U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION),

as Trustee

FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE

Dated as of April 8, 2025

0.50% Convertible Senior Notes due 2026

FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, dated as of April 8, 2025 (this Supplemental Indenture), among Accolade, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), as issuer, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association), a national banking association organized under the laws of the United States of
America, as trustee (the Trustee), to the Indenture, dated as of March 29, 2021 (as supplemented or otherwise modified prior to the date hereof, the Indenture),
between the Company and the Trustee.

WHEREAS, the Company has heretofore executed and delivered the Indenture, pursuant to which the Company issued its 0.50% Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 (the Notes)

in the original aggregate principal amount of $287,500,000;

WHEREAS, the Company has entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 8, 2025 (as amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise modified prior to the date hereof, the Merger Agreement), by and among the Company, Transcarent, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Parent), and Acorn Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned
subsidiary of Parent (Merger Sub);

WHEREAS, pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company (the Merger) on the date hereof with the Company, as
the surviving entity in the Merger, becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent as of the date hereof;

WHEREAS, the Merger constitutes a Merger Event under the Indenture;

WHEREAS, Section 14.07(a) of the Indenture provides that in the case of any Merger Event, at and after the effective time of such Merger Event, the right to convert each
$1,000 principal amount of Notes shall be changed into a right to convert such principal amount of Notes into the kind and amount of shares of stock, other securities or other property or assets (including cash or any combination thereof) that a
holder of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Conversion Rate immediately prior to such Merger Event would have owned or been entitled to receive (the Reference Property, with each unit of Reference Property meaning the kind and amount of Reference Property that a holder of one share of Common Stock is entitled to receive) upon such Merger Event and, prior to or at the effective time of such
Merger Event, the Company or the successor or purchasing Person, as the case may be, shall execute with the Trustee a supplemental indenture permitted under Section 10.01(g) of the Indenture providing for such change in the right to convert each
$1,000 principal amount of Notes; provided, however, that at and after the effective time of the Merger Event (A) the Company or the successor or acquiring company, as the case may be, shall continue to have the right to determine the
form of consideration to be paid or delivered, as the case may be, upon conversion of Notes in accordance with Section 14.02 of the Indenture and (B) (I) any amount payable in cash upon conversion of the Notes in accordance with Section 14.02 of the
Indenture shall continue to be payable in cash, (II) any shares of Common Stock that the Company would have been required to deliver upon conversion of the Notes in accordance with Section 14.02 of the Indenture shall instead be deliverable in the
amount and type of Reference Property that a holder of that number of shares of Common Stock would have received in such Merger Event and (III) the Daily VWAP shall be calculated based on the value of a unit of Reference Property;

WHEREAS, in connection with the Merger, each share of Common Stock that is issued and outstanding as of immediately prior to the effective time (other than certain shares of Common Stock as set forth
in the Merger Agreement) will be automatically converted into the right to receive cash in an amount equal to $7.03, without interest thereon, in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement;

-2-

WHEREAS, Section 10.01 of the Indenture provides that the Company and the Trustee may enter into any supplemental indenture without the consent of any Holder, among other things, (i) in connection
with any Merger Event, to provide that the Notes are convertible into Reference Property, subject to the provisions of Section 14.02 of the Indenture, and make such related changes to the terms of the Notes to the extent expressly required by Section
14.07 of the Indenture; or (ii) to make any change that does not adversely affect the rights of any Holder in any material respect;

WHEREAS, in connection with the execution and delivery of this Supplemental Indenture, the Trustee has received an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel as contemplated by Sections 10.05,
14.07(b) and 17.05 of the Indenture; and

WHEREAS, the Company has requested that the Trustee execute and deliver this Supplemental Indenture and has satisfied all requirements necessary to make this Supplemental Indenture a valid instrument
in accordance with its terms.

WITNESSETH:

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the Company covenants and agrees with the Trustee as
follows for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders:

ARTICLE 1

DEFINITIONS

Section 1.01. Definitions in the Supplemental Indenture. Unless otherwise specified herein or the context otherwise requires:

(a) a term defined in the Indenture has the same meaning when used in this Supplemental Indenture unless the definition of such term is amended or supplemented pursuant to this Supplemental
Indenture;

(b) the terms defined in this Article and in this Supplemental Indenture include the plural as well as the singular; and

(c) unless otherwise stated, a reference to a Section or Article is to a Section or Article of this Supplemental Indenture.

ARTICLE 2

EFFECT OF MERGER ON CONVERSION

Section 2.01. Conversion Right. In accordance with and subject to Section 14.07 of the Indenture, at and after the effective time of the Merger,

(a) the right to convert each $1,000 principal amount of Notes shall be changed to a right to convert such principal amount of Notes into the Reference Property, which Reference Property
shall be solely cash in an amount equal to the Conversion Rate in effect on the Conversion Date (as may be increased by an Additional Shares pursuant to Section 14.03 of the Indenture), multiplied by $7.03; and a unit of Reference Property under the
Indenture will be comprised of an amount in cash equal to $7.03;

-3-

(b) the Company shall satisfy its Conversion Obligation by paying cash to converting Holders on the fifth Business Day immediately following the relevant Conversion Date;

(c) the Conversion Rate will be adjusted in the same manner as, and at the same time and for thesame events for
which, the Conversion Rate is adjusted pursuant to Section 14.04 of the Indenture in amanner consistent with Section 14.07 of the Indenture; and

(d) the Daily VWAP of a unit of Reference Property shall be$7.03.

ARTICLE 3

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 3.01. Ratification of Indenture. The Indenture, as supplemented by this Supplemental Indenture, is in all respects ratified and confirmed, and this
Supplemental Indenture shall be deemed part of the Indenture in the manner and to the extent herein and therein provided. Every holder of Notes heretofore or hereafter authenticated and delivered under the Indenture shall be bound thereby.

Section 3.02. Trustee Not Responsible for Recitals. The recitals herein contained are made by the Company and not by the Trustee, and the Trustee assumes no
responsibility for the correctness thereof. The Trustee makes no representation as to the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture. All of the provisions contained in the Indenture in respect of the rights, privileges, immunities,
powers, and duties of the Trustee shall be applicable in respect of the Supplemental Indenture as fully and with like force and effect as though set forth in full herein.

Section 3.03. Successors. All agreements of the Company and the Trustee in this Supplemental Indenture will bind their respective successors.

Section 3.04. Governing Law. THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS
SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

Section 3.05. Headings, Etc. The titles and headings of the articles and sections of this Supplemental Indenture have been inserted for convenience of
reference only, are not to be considered a part hereof, and shall in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions hereof.

Section 3.06. Execution in Counterparts. This Supplemental Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, but
such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. The exchange of copies of this Supplemental Indenture and of signature pages by facsimile or PDF transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this
Supplemental Indenture as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original Supplemental Indenture for all purposes. Signatures of the parties hereto transmitted by facsimile or PDF shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all
purposes.

Section 3.07. Severability. In the event any provision of this Supplemental Indenture shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, then (to the extent
permitted by law) the validity, legality or enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired.

-4-

Section 3.08. Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH OF THE COMPANY AND THE TRUSTEE HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND
ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

Section 3.09. Effectiveness. This Supplemental Indenture shall become effective upon, without further action by the parties hereto, the effective time of the
Merger.

[Signature Page Follows]

-5-

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed as of the day and year first above written.

ACCOLADE, INC.

By: 

/s/ Rajeev Singh

Name: Rajeev Singh

Title: Chief Executive Officer

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION (as successor in interest to U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION), as Trustee

By: 

/s/ Joshua A. Hahn

Name: Joshua A. Hahn

Title: Vice President
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>accd-20250408.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>accd-20250408_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Amendment Flag 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>accd-20250408_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Apr. 08, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 08, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --02-28

Entity File Number 001-39348

Entity Registrant Name Accolade, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001481646

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Tax Identification Number 01-0969591

Entity Address, Address Line One 1201 Third Avenue, Suite 1700

Entity Address, City or Town Seattle

Entity Address, State or Province WA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 98101

City Area Code 206

Local Phone Number 926-8100

Title of 12(b) Security Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol ACCD

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://accolade.com/role/DocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

accd-20250408.xsd 
accd-20250408_lab.xml 
accd-20250408_pre.xml 
ef20047047_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>0001140361-25-012719-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>ef20047047_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001481646 

2025-04-08 
2025-04-08 

false 
--02-28 
0001481646 
NASDAQ 
8-K 
2025-04-08 
Accolade, Inc. 
DE 
001-39348 
01-0969591 
1201 Third Avenue, Suite 1700 
Seattle 
WA 
98101 
206 
926-8100 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
ACCD 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>