<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001558370-25-001213.txt : 20250220
<SEC-HEADER>0001558370-25-001213.hdr.sgml : 20250220
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250220160520
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-25-001213
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250219
ITEM INFORMATION:		Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250220
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250220

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Texas Roadhouse, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001289460
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-EATING PLACES [5812]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-50972
		FILM NUMBER:		25645252

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6040 DUTCHMANS LANE
		CITY:			LOUISVILLE
		STATE:			KY
		ZIP:			40205
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5024269984

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6040 DUTCHMANS LANE
		CITY:			LOUISVILLE
		STATE:			KY
		ZIP:			40205
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>txrh-20250219x8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

0001289460false--12-3100012894602025-02-192025-02-19

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) February 19, 2025

TEXAS ROADHOUSE, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 

000-50972 

20-1083890

(State or other jurisdiction 

(Commission 

(IRS Employer

of incorporation) 

File Number) 

Identification No.)

6040 Dutchmans Lane, Louisville, KY 

40205

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code (502) 426-9984

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each Class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share 

TXRH 

Nasdaq Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

ITEM 2.02. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION

On February 20, 2025, Texas Roadhouse, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), issued a press release announcing its financial results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year ended December 31, 2024. Attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 99.1 is a copy of the press release.

ITEM 5.03. AMENDMENTS TO ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION OR BYLAWS; CHANGE IN FISCAL YEAR

On February 19, 2025, the Companys Board of directors (the Board) adopted amended and restated Bylaws (the Amended Bylaws), effective on that date. The amendments effected by the Amended Bylaws:

change the voting standard for the election of directors in uncontested elections from a plurality to a majority voting standard, with a plurality vote standard retained for contested director elections;

change the voting standard for corporate actions other than the election of directors from a majority of the voting power present in person or by proxy and entitled to vote on the subject matter to a majority of votes cast;

clarify certain adjournment procedures in alignment with the Delaware General Corporation Law (DGCL);

eliminate the requirement to make a stockholder list available for examination at meetings of stockholders, as provided for by amendments to the DGCL, and provide for the availability of the stockholder list consistent with such amendments to the DGCL; 

require stockholders seeking to nominate directors to certify compliance with the universal proxy rules adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission, as set forth in Rule 14a-19 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and

make other ministerial and conforming changes. 

The foregoing summary of the Amended Bylaws is qualified in its entirety by reference to, and should be read in conjunction with, the complete text of the Amended Bylaws, which is attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 3.1.

ITEM 8.01. OTHER EVENTS

On February 19, 2025, the Board approved the payment of the first quarter 2025 cash dividend of $0.68 per share of common stock. This payment will be distributed on April 1, 2025, to shareholders of record at the close of business on March 18, 2025. 

Additionally, the Board approved a stock repurchase program under which the Board authorized the Company to repurchase up to $500 million of its common stock. This new stock repurchase program will commence on February 24, 2025 and any repurchases under such plan will be made by the Company through open market transactions. This stock repurchase program has no expiration date and replaces the previous stock repurchase program which was approved on March 17, 2022 with respect to the repurchase of up to $300 million of common stock.

2

ITEM 9.01. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS

(d) EXHIBITS

3.1 

Amended and Restated Bylaws for Texas Roadhouse, Inc.

99.1 

Press Release issued by the Company on February 20, 2025.

104 

Cover Page Interactive File (the cover page XBRL tags are embedded in the Inline XBRL document)

The information in this Current Report on Form 8-K at Item 2.02 and the Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto shall not be deemed to be filed for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section. Such information will not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement filed by the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, unless specifically identified therein as being incorporated by reference.

3

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

TEXAS ROADHOUSE, INC.

Date: February 20, 2025 

By: 

/s/ D. Christopher Monroe

D. Christopher Monroe

Chief Financial Officer

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>txrh-20250219xex3d1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS

OF

TEXAS ROADHOUSE, INC.

Adopted as of February 19, 2025

ARTICLE I

OFFICES

Section 1.REGISTERED OFFICE. The registered office of Texas Roadhouse, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Corporation), shall be located in Delaware at the address determined by the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the Board of Directors or the Board) from time to time.

Section 2.OTHER OFFICES. The Corporation may also have offices at such other places both within and without the State of Delaware as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine.

ARTICLE II

STOCKHOLDERS

Section 1.PLACE OF MEETINGS. Meetings of the stockholders may be held at such place (if any), either within or without the State of Delaware, as shall be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or the President and stated in the notice of the meeting or in a duly executed waiver of notice thereof. In lieu of holding a meeting of stockholders at a designated place, the Board of Directors may, in its sole discretion, determine that any meeting of stockholders may be held solely by means of remote communication.

Section 2.ANNUAL MEETINGS. The annual meeting of the stockholders for the election of directors and for the transaction of any other business as may be properly brought before a meeting shall be held on such date and at such time and place (if any) to be fixed by the Board of Directors and stated in the notice of meeting.

Section 3.SPECIAL MEETINGS. Unless otherwise prescribed by law or by the Certificate of Incorporation, special meetings of stockholders may be called at any time and for any purpose, by the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or the President, or by the Secretary at the written request of the holders of at least 25% in voting power of all capital stock outstanding and entitled to cast votes at the meeting. Such written request shall be addressed to the Secretary of the Corporation and shall state the purpose of the proposed meeting, which must be a proper matter for stockholder action under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, and shall contain such other information as would be required under Section 9 of Article II hereof were it to be brought before a meeting called by the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or the President. In the case of any special meeting so requested by holders of at least 25% in voting power of all capital stock outstanding and entitled to cast votes at the meeting, the Board of Directors shall promptly, but in all events within 10 days after the date on 

which such written request is received, adopt a resolution fixing a date for such special meeting, which meeting date shall be no more than 90 days from the date of such resolution. If the Board of Directors fails to take such action, the record date shall be the 120th day after the date on which the written request was received. No business shall be conducted at any special meeting of stockholders other than the items of business stated in the notice of special meeting given in accordance with Section 4 of this Article II.

Section 4.NOTICE OF MEETINGS. Notice of any meeting of stockholders, whether annual or special, stating the place (if any), date and time of the meeting, the means of remote communication, if any, by which the stockholders and proxyholders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such meeting, and in the case of special meetings, the purpose for which such special meeting is called, shall be prepared and delivered by the Corporation not less than 10 days or more than sixty (60) days before the date of the meeting (except to the extent that such notice is waived or is not required to be provided pursuant to the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware). Notice shall be given either personally, or by mail, or to the extent and in the manner permitted by applicable law. If mailed, notice is given when deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, directed to each stockholder at his or her address as it appears on the records of the Corporation.

Section 5.RECORD DATE FOR STOCKHOLDER MEETINGS. For the purpose of determining the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or the allotment of any rights, or for the purpose of any other action, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board, and which record date shall not be more than sixty (60) nor less than ten (10) days before the date of any such meeting, and shall not be more than sixty (60) days prior to any other action, except as provided by law. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting.

Section 6.LIST OF STOCKHOLDERS. After the record date for a meeting of stockholders has been fixed, no later than the tenth day before such meeting, the officer who has charge over the stock ledger of the Corporation shall prepare a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting for a period of ten (10) days ending on the day before the meeting date: (i) on a reasonably accessible electronic network, provided that the information required to gain access to such list is provided with the notice of meeting, or (ii) during ordinary business hours, at the principal place of business of the Corporation. If the list is made available on an electronic network, the Corporation may take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is available only to stockholders of the Corporation. This list shall determine the identity of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting and the number of shares held by each of them.

Section 7.QUORUM AND ADJOURNMENT. Except as otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these bylaws, the holders of a majority in voting power of the 

-2 -

outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote at the meeting, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. Where a separate vote by a class or series is required, the holders of a majority in voting power of the outstanding shares of such class or series, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum entitled to take action with respect to the vote on that matter.

If a quorum shall fail to attend any meeting, the Chairman of the meeting or the holders of the majority in voting power of shares of capital stock entitled to vote who are present, in person or by proxy, may adjourn the meeting to another place, date and time. The holders of a majority in voting power of voting shares represented at a meeting, whether or not a quorum is present, may adjourn such meeting to another place, date or time. Unless these Bylaws otherwise require, when a meeting is adjourned to another time or place (including an adjournment taken to address a technical failure to convene or continue a meeting using remote communication), notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the time, place, if any, thereof and the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such adjourned meeting are (i) announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken, (ii) displayed, during the time scheduled for the meeting, on the same electronic network used to enable stockholders and proxy holders to participate in the meeting by means of remote communication or (iii) set forth in the notice of meeting given in accordance with Section 222(a) of the General Corporation Law of the state of Delaware. If the date of the any adjourned meeting is more than 30 days after the date for which the meeting was originally noticed, or if after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, written notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting. At the adjourned meeting, the Corporation may transact any business that might have been transacted at the original meeting.

Section 8.CHAIRMAN OF MEETINGS. Meetings of the stockholders shall be presided over by the Chairman of the Board or, if the Chairman is not present, the Chief Executive Officer, the President or such other director or officer as may be designated by the Board of Directors to act as chairman, or if no designation has been made, a chairman shall be chosen at the meeting. The order of business at all meetings of the stockholders and the procedures at the meeting, including such regulation of the manner of voting and the conduct of discussion, shall be determined by the chairman of the meeting. The chairman may impose reasonable limits on the amount of time taken up at the meeting on discussion in general or on remarks by any one stockholder. Should any person in attendance become unruly or obstruct the meeting proceedings, the chairman shall have the power to have such person removed from participation. The chairman shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare at the meeting that any proposed item of business was not properly brought before the meeting in accordance with Section 9 of this Article II, and any such business not properly brought before the meeting shall not be conducted.

Section 9.NOTICE OF STOCKHOLDER BUSINESS. At an annual or special meeting of the stockholders, only such business shall be conducted as shall have been properly brought before the meeting. To be properly brought before a meeting of stockholders, business must be (i) specified in the notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto) given at the direction of the Board of Directors, (ii) properly brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the Board of Directors, or (iii) properly brought before a meeting by a stockholder. For business to be properly brought before a 

-3 -

meeting by a stockholder, it must be a proper matter for stockholder action under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, and the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation. To be timely, notice by a stockholder must be delivered to or mailed and received at the principal executive offices of the Corporation, not less than 120 calendar days prior to the one year anniversary of the date of the Corporations proxy statement issued in connection with the prior years annual meeting in the case of an annual meeting (or December 31, 2004, in the case of the 2005 Annual Meeting), and not less than 60 days prior to the meeting in the case of a special meeting; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that if a public announcement of the date of the special meeting is not given at least 70 days before the scheduled date for such special meeting, then a stockholders notice shall be timely if it is received at the principal executive offices of the Corporation within 10 days following the date public notice of the meeting date is first given, whether by press release or other public filing.

Notice by a stockholder to the Secretary of the Corporation shall set forth as to each matter the stockholder proposes to bring before the annual or special meeting (i) a description of the business desired to be brought before the meeting, (ii) the name and address of the stockholder proposing such business and of the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the business is being brought, (iii) the class, series and number of shares of the Corporation which are beneficially owned by the stockholder and such other beneficial owner, and (iv) any material interest of the stockholder and such other beneficial owner in such business. In no event shall an announcement of an adjournment or postponement of a meeting of stockholders commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholders notice as described above.

Section 10.NOMINATION OF DIRECTOR CANDIDATES. Subject to any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or any Certificate of Designations establishing the rights of holders of any class or series of capital stock then outstanding, nominations for the election or re-election of directors at a meeting of the stockholders may be made by (i) the Board of Directors or a duly authorized committee thereof or (ii) any stockholder entitled to vote in the election of directors generally who complies with the procedures set forth in these Bylaws and who is a stockholder of record at the time notice is delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation. Subject to any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or any Certificate of Designations establishing the rights of holders of any class or series of capital stock then outstanding, any stockholder entitled to vote in the election of directors generally may nominate one or more persons for election or reelection as directors at an annual meeting only if timely notice of such stockholders intent to make such nominations has been given in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation. To be timely, notice of a stockholder nomination for a director to be elected must be delivered to or mailed and received at the principal executive offices of the Corporation, not less than 120 calendar days prior to the one year anniversary of the date of the Corporations proxy statement issued in connection with the prior years annual meeting in the case of an annual meeting (or December 31, 2004, in the case of the 2005 Annual Meeting), and not less than 60 days prior to the meeting in the case of a special meeting; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that if a public announcement of the date of the special meeting is not given at least 70 days before the scheduled date for such special meeting, then a stockholders nomination shall be timely if it is received at the principal executive offices of the Corporation within 10 days following the date public notice of the meeting date is first given, whether by press release or other public filing.

-4 -

Each such notice shall set forth: (i) the name and address of the stockholder who intends to make the nomination, of the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination is being made and of each person to be nominated; (ii) a representation that the stockholder is the holder of record of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote for the election of directors on the date of such notice and intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to nominate each person specified in the notice; (iii) a description of all the arrangements or understandings between the stockholder or such beneficial owner and each nominee and any other person (naming such person) pursuant to which the nomination is to be made by the stockholder; (iv) such other information regarding each nominee proposed by such stockholder as would be required to be included in solicitations of proxies for the election of directors in an election contest or is otherwise required pursuant to the federal securities laws and regulations, had the nominee been nominated, or intended to be nominated, by the Board of Directors; and (v) the consent of each nominee to serve as a director of the Corporation if so elected.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that the number of directors to be elected at an annual meeting is increased and there is no public announcement by the Corporation naming the nominees for the additional directorships at least 130 days prior to such meeting, a stockholders notice required by this Section 10 shall also be considered timely, but only with respect to nominees for the additional directorships, if it shall be delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation no later than the close of business on the 10th day following the day on which such public announcement is first made by the Corporation. In no event shall an announcement of an adjournment or postponement of a meeting of stockholders commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholders notice as described above.

Section 11.PROXIES. At any meeting of stockholders, every stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders or to express consent or dissent to corporate action without a meeting may vote in person or may authorize another person or persons to act for such stockholder by proxy if such proxy is authorized by an instrument in writing or by electronic transmission as permitted by law and filed in accordance with the procedure established for the meeting, but no proxy shall be voted after 3 years from its date, unless such proxy provides for a longer period. Every proxy shall be executed in writing by the stockholder or by his or her authorized representative, or otherwise as provided under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.

Except as otherwise provided by law or by the Certificate of Incorporation:

(a)Except as otherwise provided in these Bylaws, each director shall be elected by the vote of a majority of the votes cast with respect to that directors election at any meeting for the election of directors at which a quorum is present. For purposes of this Section 11, a majority of votes cast shall mean that the number of votes cast for a directors election exceeds the number of votes cast against that directors election (with abstentions and broker non-votes not counted as a vote cast either for or against that directors election). In a contested election, the nominees receiving a plurality of the votes cast shall be elected. A contested election is one in which, as of a date that is ten business days in advance of the date that the Corporation files its definitive proxy statement (regardless of whether or not thereafter revised or supplemented) with the Securities and Exchange Commission, the number of director nominees exceeds the number of directors to be elected.

-5 -

(b)The Board of Directors shall nominate for re-election as a director an incumbent candidate only if such candidate shall have tendered, prior to the date the Corporation first mails its notice of meeting for the stockholder meeting at which such candidate is to be re-elected as a director, an irrevocable resignation that will be effective upon (1) failure to receive the required vote at any election which is not a contested election in which such candidate is nominated for re-election and (2) the Board of Directors subsequent acceptance of such resignation. Following certification of the vote of an election that is not a contested election, if an incumbent director fails to receive the required vote for re-election, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will consider the resignation offer and recommend to the Board of Directors whether to accept it. The Board of Directors will act on the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees recommendation within ninety (90) days after certification of the stockholder vote. Thereafter, the Board of Directors will promptly disclose their decision whether to accept the directors resignation offer (and the reasons for rejecting the resignation offer, if applicable) in a press release to be disseminated in the manner that Corporation press releases are typically distributed. If the Board of Directors accepts a directors resignation pursuant to this Section 11, then the directors may fill the resulting vacancy pursuant to Section 3 of Article III, or the Board of Directors may decrease the size of the Board of Directors.

(c)Whenever any corporate action other than the election of directors is to be taken, it shall be authorized by a majority of the votes cast by a voting group on a particular matter, represented in person or by proxy at any meeting of stockholders.

(d)Any vote of stockholders may be taken by written ballot, and if so authorized by the Board of Directors, electronic transmission, telephonic communication or other means of remote communication shall constitute a written ballot. Every written ballot shall state the name of the stockholder or proxyholder voting and such other information as may be required under the procedures established for the meeting. If so authorized by the Board of Directors, and in addition to such guidelines and procedures as the Board may adopt, every stockholder vote taken by electronic or other means of remote communication shall set forth such information from which it can be determined that the communication was authorized by the stockholder or proxyholder. Every vote taken at the meeting shall be counted by an inspector or inspectors appointed by the chairman of the meeting. The Board of Directors may, and to the extent required by law shall, in advance of any meeting of the stockholders, appoint one or more inspectors to act at the meeting, decide upon the qualification of voters, count the votes, decide the results and make a written report thereof. The Board of Directors may designate one or more persons as alternate inspectors to replace any inspector who fails to act, and if no inspector or alternate is able to act at a meeting of stockholders, the person presiding at the meeting may, and to the extent required by law shall, appoint one or more inspectors to act at the meeting. Each inspector, before entering upon the discharge of his or her duties, shall take and sign an oath to faithfully execute the duties of inspector with strict impartiality and according to the best of his or her ability.

Section 12.MEETINGS BY REMOTE COMMUNICATION. If authorized by the Board of Directors, and subject to such guidelines and procedures as the Board may adopt, stockholders and proxyholders not physically present at a meeting of stockholders may, by means of remote communication, participate in the meeting and be deemed present in person and vote at the meeting, whether such meeting is to be held in a designated place or solely by means of remote communication, 

-6 -

provided that (i) the Corporation shall implement reasonable measures to verify that each person deemed present and permitted to vote at the meeting by means of remote communication is a stockholder or proxyholder, (ii) the Corporation shall implement reasonable measures to provide such stockholders and proxyholders a reasonable opportunity to participate in the meeting and to vote on matters submitted to the stockholders, including an opportunity to read or hear the proceedings in the meeting substantially concurrently with such proceedings, and (iii) if the stockholder or proxyholder votes or takes other action at the meeting by means of remote communication, a record of such vote or other action shall be maintained by the Corporation.

Section 13.STOCKHOLDER ACTION WITHOUT MEETING. Except as otherwise prohibited or restricted by law or the Certificate of Incorporation, any action that may be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders may be taken without a meeting and without prior notice, if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the actions so taken, are signed by the holders of outstanding shares having not less than the minimum number of votes which would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted and are delivered to the Corporation. Such delivery shall be by delivery to the Corporations registered office in the State of Delaware, its principal place of business, or an officer or agent of the Corporation having custody of the corporate records in which proceedings of meetings of stockholders are recorded. Delivery made to a corporations registered office shall be by hand or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested. All such consents shall be filed with the Secretary of the Corporation and shall be maintained in the corporate records. Written notice of the taking of a corporate action without a meeting shall be given to those stockholders who were entitled to take the corporate action and have not consented in writing.

An electronic transmission consenting to an action to be taken and transmitted by a stockholder or proxyholder, or other person authorized to act for the stockholder or proxyholder, shall be deemed to be written, signed and dated for the purpose of this Section 13, provided that such electronic transmission sets forth information from which the Corporation can determine (i) that the transmission was transmitted by the stockholder or by a person authorized to act for the stockholder and (ii) the date on which such stockholder or authorized person transmitted such transmission. The date of the electronic transmission shall be deemed the date the consent was signed. No consent given by electronic transmission shall be deemed to have been delivered to the Corporation until such consent is reproduced in paper form and delivered to the Corporation by delivery to its registered office in the State of Delaware, its principal place of business, or an officer or agent of the corporation having custody of the corporate records in which proceedings of meetings of stockholders are recorded. Delivery made to a corporations registered office shall be by hand or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested. Any copy, facsimile or other reliable reproduction of a consent in writing may be substituted or used in lieu of the original writing for any and all purposes for which the original writing could be used, provided that such copy, facsimile or other reproduction shall be a complete reproduction of the entire original writing.

Section 14.RECORD DATE FOR STOCKHOLDER ACTION WITHOUT A MEETING. In order to determine the stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, the Board of Directors may fix a record date. Such record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors, and shall not be 

-7 -

more than ten days after the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors. Any stockholder of record seeking to have the stockholders authorize or take corporate action by written consent shall, by written notice to the Secretary, request the Board of Directors to fix a record date. The Board of Directors shall promptly, but in all events within 10 days after the date on which such a request is received, adopt a resolution fixing the record date. If no record date has been fixed by the Board of Directors within 10 days after the date on which such a request is received, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, when no prior action of the Board of Directors is required by applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation, or these Bylaws, shall be the first date on which a signed written consent setting forth the action taken or proposed to be taken is delivered to the Corporation in the manner set forth in Section 13 of this Article II. If no record date has been fixed by the Board of Directors and prior action of the Board of Directors is required by applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation, or these Bylaws, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting shall be the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution taking such prior action.

Section 15.SUBMISSION OF QUESTIONNAIRE, REPRESENTATION AND AGREEMENT. To be eligible to be a stockholder-proposed nominee for election or reelection as a director of the Corporation pursuant to Section 10, a person must deliver (in accordance with the time periods prescribed for delivery of notice under Section 10) a completed and signed written questionnaire with respect to the background and qualification of such proposed nominee (which questionnaire shall be provided by the Secretary within ten (10) days of receipt of a request) and a completed and signed written representation and agreement (in the form provided by the Secretary within ten (10) days of receipt of a request) that such proposed nominee (i) is not and will not become a party to (a) any transaction, agreement, arrangement or understanding with, and has not given any commitment or assurance to, any person or entity as to how such proposed nominee, if elected as a director, will act or vote on any issue or question (a Voting Commitment) that has not been disclosed to the Corporation or (b) any Voting Commitment that could limit or interfere with such proposed nominees ability to comply, if elected as a director, with such proposed nominees fiduciary duties under applicable law, (ii) is not, and will not become a party to, any transaction, agreement, arrangement or understanding with any person or entity other than the Corporation with respect to any direct or indirect compensation, payment, reimbursement or indemnification in connection with service or action as a director that has not been disclosed to the Corporation, (iii) in such proposed nominees individual capacity, would be in compliance, if elected as a director, and will comply with applicable law (including applicable fiduciary duties under state law), stock exchange listing standards and publicly disclosed corporate governance, ethics, conflict of interest, confidentiality and stock ownership and trading policies and guidelines of the Corporation, and any other Corporation policies and guidelines applicable to directors, (iv) intends to serve a full term if elected as a director, and (v) will provide facts, statements and other information in all communications with the Corporation and its stockholders that are or will be true and correct in all material respects, and that do not and will not omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading. In addition, in the case of a written notice of a stockholder for a nomination for a director required by Section 10 of Article II, the stockholder giving the notice shall deliver to the Corporation no later than five (5) business days prior to the date of the meeting or, if practicable, any adjournment or postponement thereof (or, if not practicable, on 

-8 -

the first practicable date prior to the date to which the meeting has been adjourned or postponed) reasonable evidence that it has complied with the requirements of Rule 14a-19 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), including the requirement that a stockholder soliciting proxies in support of director nominees other than the Corporations nominees must solicit the holders of shares representing at least 67% of the voting power of shares entitled to vote on the election of directors. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Bylaws, unless otherwise required by law, if any stockholder (i) provides notice pursuant to Rule 14a-19 promulgated under the 1934 Act and (ii) subsequently (A) notifies the Corporation that such stockholder no longer intends to solicit proxies in support of director nominees other than the Corporations director nominees in accordance with Rule 14a-19 or (B) fails to comply with the requirements of Rule 14a-19, the Corporation shall disregard any proxies or votes solicited for such proposed nominee.

Section 16.GENERAL. For purposes of this Article II, public announcement shall mean disclosure in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press or comparable national news service or in a document publicly filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this By-Law, a stockholder shall also comply with all applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the matters set forth in this By-Law. Nothing in this Article II shall be deemed to affect any rights (i) of stockholders to request inclusion of proposals in the Corporations proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act or (ii) of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect directors under specified circumstances.

ARTICLE III

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Section 1.GENERAL POWERS. The business of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of its Board of Directors. In addition to the powers and authorities by these Bylaws expressly conferred upon them, the Board of Directors may exercise all such powers of the Corporation and do all such lawful acts and things as are not by law or by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws required to be exercised or done by the stockholders. In the event of a vacancy in the Board of Directors, the remaining directors, except as otherwise provided by law, may exercise the powers of the full Board until the vacancy is filled.

Section 2.NUMBER. The number of directors, which shall constitute the entire Board of Directors, shall not be fewer than one or more than fifteen (15) members, as shall be determined by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors then in office.

Section 3.VACANCIES. Subject to the rights of holders of any class or series of capital stock to elect additional directors under specified circumstances, vacancies resulting from death, resignation, retirement, disqualification, removal from office or other cause, and newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors, may be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors then in office, though less than a quorum, and directors so chosen shall hold office for the remainder of the full term of the class of directors in which the new directorship was created or the vacancy occurred and until their successors have been duly 

-9 -

elected and qualified. No decrease in the number of authorized directors constituting the Board of Directors shall shorten the term of any incumbent director.

Section 4.RESIGNATION. Any director may resign at any time by giving notice in writing or by electronic transmission of his or her resignation to the Board of Directors. A resignation shall take effect at the time specified therein or, if not so specified, immediately upon its receipt. Unless otherwise specified therein, the acceptance of a resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective.

Section 5.REMOVAL. Subject to the rights of the holders of any class or series of capital stock then outstanding, if any, any director may be removed from office at any time only by the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the voting power of all of the then outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class.

Section 6.MEETINGS. The Chairman of the Board shall preside at all meetings of the Board of Directors at which he or she shall be present. In his or her absence, such other director as may from time to time be designated to serve as the presiding director by the Board of Directors shall so preside or, if both the Chairman and the presiding director are absent for a particular meeting, the Board of Directors shall choose a chairman of the meeting who shall preside thereat.

(a)REGULAR MEETINGS. Regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held without notice at such time and place, within or without the State of Delaware, as shall be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors; provided that any director who is absent when such a determination is made shall be given notice of the determination. A regular meeting of the Board of Directors may be held without notice immediately after and at the same place as the annual meeting of stockholders.

(b)SPECIAL MEETINGS. Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by the Chairman of the Board, the President or two or more directors and may be held at any time and place, within or without the State of Delaware. The Secretary of the Corporation or the officer or one of the directors calling the meeting shall give notice of the time and place of any special meeting of directors to each director.

(c)NOTICE. Notice, if required, shall be given by (i) giving notice to such director in person or by telephone, facsimile, electronic transmission or voice message system at least twenty-four (24) hours in advance of the meeting, (ii) delivering written notice by hand, to his or her last known business or home address at least twenty-four (24) hours in advance of the meeting, or (iii) mailing written notice to his or her last known business or home address at least three (3) days in advance of the meeting. Notice of any meeting of the Board of Directors or any committee thereof need not be given to any director who shall submit, either before or after the time stated therein, a waiver of notice in writing or by electronic transmission or who shall attend the meeting, other than for the express purpose of objecting at the beginning thereof to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. A notice or waiver of notice of a meeting of the Board of Directors, if required, need not specify the purpose or purposes of the meeting.

-10 -

Section 7.QUORUM AND ADJOURNMENT. Except as may be otherwise specifically provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, at all meetings of the Board of Directors, a majority of the entire Board of Directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business and the act of a majority of the directors present at any meeting at which there is a quorum shall be the act of the Board of Directors. If a quorum shall not be present at any meeting of the Board of Directors, the directors present thereat may adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum shall be present. If the place, date and time of the new meeting are not announced at the adjourned meeting, notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to all directors.

Section 8.ACTION WITHOUT A MEETING. Unless otherwise provided by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors or any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting, if all the members of the Board of Directors or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission, and the writing or writings or transmission or transmissions are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board of Directors or committee. Such filing shall be in paper form if the minutes are maintained in paper form and in electronic form if the minutes are maintained in electronic form.

Section 9.MEETINGS BY OTHER METHODS OF COMMUNICATION. Directors or any member of any committee designated by the Board of Directors, may participate in a meeting of the Board of Directors or such committee by means of a telephone conference or other communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and participation in a meeting pursuant to this Section 9 shall constitute presence in person at such meeting.

Section 10.DIVIDENDS. To the extent permitted by law, the Board of Directors shall have full power and discretion, subject to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation and the terms of any other corporate document or instrument binding upon the Corporation, to determine what, if any, dividends or distributions shall be declared and paid or made.

Section 11.COMMITTEES. The Board of Directors may designate one or more committees to serve at the pleasure of the Board; each committee shall consist of one or more of the directors of the Corporation, with such lawfully delegated powers and duties as the Board of Directors shall therefore confer. The Board of Directors may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of a committee, if no alternate member has been designated by the Board of Directors, the member or members present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not they constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in the place of the absent or disqualified member. Any committee, to the extent allowed by law and provided in the resolution establishing such committee, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation.

At all meetings of such committee, a majority of its members shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. The act of the committee members present at any meeting at which 

-11 -

there is a quorum shall be the act of such committee. Each committee shall keep regular minutes and report to the Board of Directors when required. Except as the Board of Directors may otherwise determine, any committee may make rules for the conduct of its business, but unless otherwise provided by such rules, its business shall be conducted as nearly as possible in the same manner as is provided in these Bylaws for the Board of Directors.

Section 12.COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS. Each director who is not an employee or officer of the Corporation or its subsidiaries, may be paid such compensation for their services as such and such reimbursement for expenses of attendance at meetings as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine.

Section 13.INTERESTED DIRECTORS. No contract or transaction between the Corporation and one or more of its directors or officers, or between the Corporation and any other corporation, partnership, association, or other organization in which one or more of its directors or officers are directors or officers, or has a financial interest, shall be void or voidable solely for this reason, or solely because the director or officer is present at or participates in the meeting of the Board of Directors or committee thereof which authorizes the contract or transaction, or solely because his or her votes are counted for such purpose if (i) the material facts as to his or her relationship or interest and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed or are known to the Board of Directors or the committee, and the Board of Directors or committee in good faith authorizes the contract or transaction by the affirmative votes of a majority of the disinterested directors, even though the disinterested directors be less than a quorum; (ii) the material facts as to his or her relationship or interest and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed or are known to the shareholders entitled to vote thereon, and the contract or transaction is specifically approved in good faith by vote of the shareholders; or (iii) the contract or transaction is fair to the Corporation as of the time it is authorized, approved or ratified, by the Board of Directors, a committee thereof or the shareholders. Interested directors may be counted in determining the presence of a quorum at a meeting of the Board of Directors or of a committee, which authorizes the contract or transaction.

ARTICLE IV

OFFICERS

Section 1.GENERAL. The officers of the Corporation may include the Chairman of the Board, a Chief Executive Officer, a President, a Secretary, a Treasurer, a Chief Operating Officer, a Chief Financial Officer, and such other officers as may be appointed by the Board of Directors, including, but not limited to, a Vice Chairman, a General Counsel, one or more Vice Presidents, one or more Assistant Vice Presidents, one or more Assistant Secretaries, one or more Assistant Treasurers, one of more Controllers, and one or more Assistant Controllers. The same person may hold any number of offices unless otherwise prohibited by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws. Officers shall be entitled to such compensation or reimbursement as shall be fixed or allowed from time to time by the Board of Directors.

Section 2.TERM, RESIGNATION AND REMOVAL. The officers of the Corporation shall be appointed by the Board of Directors and shall hold office for such terms and shall exercise and perform such duties as shall be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors, and all 

-12 -

officers shall hold office until their successors are chosen and qualified, unless a different term is specified in the vote appointing him or her, or until their earlier death, resignation or removal. Any officer may resign by delivering his or her resignation in writing or by electronic transmission to the Corporation at its principal office or to the President or Secretary of the Corporation. Such resignation shall be effective upon receipt unless it is specified to be effective at some other time or upon the happening of some other event. Any officer may be removed at any time, with or without cause, by the affirmative vote of a majority of the Board of Directors subject to any contractual rights held by such officer. The Board of Directors shall fill any vacancy occurring in any office of the Corporation.

Section 3.OTHER OFFICERS. Such other officers as the Board of Directors may appoint shall perform such duties and have such powers as from time to time may be assigned to them by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may delegate to any other officer of the Corporation the power to choose such other officers and to prescribe their respective duties and powers.

Section 4.AUTHORITY AND DUTIES OF OFFICERS. All officers of the Corporation shall have such authority and perform such duties in the management of the business of the Corporation as may be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors and, to the extent not so provided, as generally pertain to their respective offices, subject to the control of the Board of Directors.

ARTICLE V

CAPITAL STOCK

Section 1.CERTIFICATES. The shares of stock of the Corporation shall be represented by certificates, provided that the Board of Directors may provide by resolution or resolutions that some or all of any class or series of the Corporations stock shall be uncertificated, and in such case, the Board of Directors shall designate any procedures applicable to such uncertificated shares. Any certificates representing shares of stock shall be in such form as the Board of Directors shall prescribe, certifying the number and class of shares of stock owned by the stockholder. The Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or the President and the Treasurer or the Secretary of the Corporation shall sign each certificate in the name of the Corporation. Any or all signatures on the certificate may be facsimile signatures. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar whose signature or facsimile signature appears on a certificate shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before the certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if such person were such officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue.

Section 2.LOST CERTIFICATES. The Corporation may issue a new certificate or certificates in place of any certificate or certificates theretofore issued by the Corporation alleged to have been lost, stolen, or destroyed, upon such terms and conditions as the Board of Directors may prescribe for the protection of the Corporation or any transfer agent or registrar; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, if such shares have ceased to be certificated, no new certificate shall be issued unless requested in writing by such stockholder and the Board of Directors has determined that such certificates may be issued. Unless otherwise determined by an officer of the Corporation, the owner of such lost, destroyed, or stolen certificate or certificates shall be required, as a condition precedent to the issuance of a new certificate, certificates or uncertificated shares, to present reasonable evidence 

-13 -

of such loss, theft or destruction and give such indemnity, not to exceed double the value of the stock, as a condition precedent to the issuance of the new certificate, certificates, or uncertificated shares.

Section 3.TRANSFERS. A written restriction on the transfer of shares of the Corporation pursuant to the Certificate of Incorporation, these Bylaws, applicable securities laws or any agreement among any number of shareholders or among such holders and the Corporation may be enforced against the holder of such shares or any successor or transferee of the holder if permitted by applicable law and noted conspicuously on the certificate representing such shares or, in the case of uncertificated shares, contained in a notice sent by the Corporation to the registered owner of such shares within a reasonable time after the issuance or transfer of such shares.

Except as otherwise established by rules and regulations established by the Board of Directors, and subject to applicable law, shares of stock may be transferred on the books of the Corporation by the surrender to the Corporation or its transfer agent of the certificate representing such shares properly endorsed or accompanied by a written assignment or power of attorney properly executed, and with such proof of authority or authenticity of signature as the Corporation or its transfer agent may reasonably require, or, with respect to uncertificated shares, by delivery of duly executed transfer instructions or in any other manner permitted by law. Except as may be otherwise required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, the Corporation shall be entitled to treat the record holder of stock as shown on its books as the owner of such stock for all purposes, including the payment of dividends and the right to vote with respect to such stock, regardless of any transfer, pledge or other disposition of such stock, until the shares have been transferred on the books of the Corporation in accordance with the requirements of these Bylaws.

ARTICLE VI

GENERAL PROVISIONS

Section 1.FISCAL YEAR. The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be as specified by the Board of Directors.

Section 2.CORPORATE SEAL. The corporate seal, if one is adopted, shall be in such form as shall be approved by the Board of Directors.

Section 3.VOTING SHARES IN OTHER BUSINESS ENTITIES. Except as the Board of Directors may otherwise designate, shares or equity interests in other corporations or business entities that are held by the Corporation shall be represented and voted only by the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the President or a proxy appointed by any of them.

Section 4.CONTRACTS. Any officer having the power to sign certificates, contracts, obligations and other instruments of the Corporation may delegate such power to any other officer or employee of the Corporation, provided that the delegating officer shall be accountable for the actions of that officer or employee to whom power was delegated.

Section 5.OBLIGATIONS. All checks and drafts on the Corporations bank accounts and all bills of exchange and promissory notes, and all acceptances, obligations, bonds and other orders or 

-14 -

instruments for the payment of money, shall be signed by such officer, employee, or agent, as shall be authorized from time to time by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may, in its discretion, also provide for the countersignature or registration of any or all such orders, instruments or obligations for the payment of money.

Section 6.EVIDENCE OF AUTHORITY. A certificate by the Corporate Secretary as to any action taken by the stockholders, directors, a committee or any officer or representative of the Corporation, shall as to all persons who rely on the certificate in good faith be conclusive evidence of such action.

Section 7.SEVERABILITY. Any determination that any provision of these Bylaws is for any reason inapplicable, illegal or ineffective shall not affect or invalidate any other provision of these Bylaws.

Section 8.FACSIMILE SIGNATURES. In addition to the provisions for use of facsimile signatures elsewhere specifically authorized by these Bylaws, facsimile signatures of any officer or officers of the Corporation maybe used whenever and as authorized by the Board of Directors or a committee thereof.

Section 9.PLURAL. As contained in these Bylaws, references to the singular shall include the singular and the plural.

Section 10.ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION. For purposes of these Bylaws, electronic transmission means any form of communication, not directly involving the physical transmission of paper, that creates a record that may be retained, retrieved, and reviewed by a recipient thereof, and that may be directly reproduced in paper form by such a recipient through an automated process.

ARTICLE VII

INDEMNIFICATION

Section 1.INDEMNIFICATION.

(a)Subject to Section 3 of this Article VII, the Corporation shall indemnify, to the full extent that it shall have power under applicable law to do so and in a manner permitted by such law, any person made or threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending, or completed action, suit, or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, or investigative (hereinafter, a Proceeding), by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director or officer of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of Corporation as a director or officer of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, or other enterprise, including service with respect to an employee benefit plan (collectively, Another Enterprise).

(b)The Corporation may indemnify, to the full extent that it shall have power under applicable law to do so and in a manner permitted by such law, any person made or threatened to be made a party to any Proceeding, by reason of the fact that such person is or was an 

-15 -

employee or agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as an employee or agent of Another Enterprise.

Section 2.ADVANCEMENT OF EXPENSES.

(a)Subject to Section 3 of this Article VII, with respect to any person made or threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending, or completed Proceeding, by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director or officer of the Corporation or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director or officer of Another Enterprise, the Corporation shall pay the expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred by such person in defending any such Proceeding in advance of its final disposition (hereinafter an advancement of expenses); PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that any advancement of expenses shall be made only upon receipt of an undertaking (hereinafter an undertaking) by such person to repay all amounts advanced if it shall ultimately be determined by final judicial decision from which there is no further right to appeal (hereinafter a Final Adjudication) that such person is not entitled to be indemnified for such expenses under this Article VII or otherwise.

(b)With respect to any person made or threatened to be made a party to any Proceeding, by reason of the fact that such person is or was an employee or agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as an employee or agent of Another Enterprise, the Corporation may, in its discretion and upon such terms and conditions, if any, as the Corporation deems appropriate, pay the expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred by such person in defending any such Proceeding in advance of its final disposition.

Section 3.ACTIONS INITIATED AGAINST THE CORPORATION. Anything in Section 1(a) or Section 2(a) of this Article VII to the contrary notwithstanding, with respect to a Proceeding initiated against the Corporation by a director or officer of the Corporation (or by a person serving at the request of the Corporation as a director or officer of Another Enterprise), the Corporation shall not be required to indemnify or to advance expenses (including attorneys fees) to such person in connection with prosecuting such Proceeding (or part thereof) or in defending any counterclaim, cross-claim, affirmative defense, or like claim of the Corporation in such Proceeding (or part thereof) unless such Proceeding was authorized by the Board of Directors of the Corporation.

Section 4.CONTRACT RIGHTS. With respect to any person made or threatened to be made a party to any Proceeding, by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director or officer of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director or officer of Another Enterprise, the rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses conferred in Sections 1(a) and 2(a) of this Article VII shall be contract rights. Any amendment, repeal, or modification of, or adoption of any provision inconsistent with, this Article VII (or any provision hereof) shall not adversely affect any right to indemnification or advancement of expenses granted to any person pursuant hereto with respect to any act or omission of such person occurring prior to the time of such amendment, repeal, modification, or adoption (regardless of whether the Proceeding relating to such acts or omissions is commenced before or after the time of such amendment, repeal, modification, or adoption).

Section 5.CLAIMS.

-16 -

(a)If (X) a claim under Section 1(a) of this Article VII with respect to any right to indemnification is not paid in full by the Corporation within sixty days after a written demand has been received by the Corporation or (Y) a claim under Section 2(a) of this Article VII with respect to any right to the advancement of expenses is not paid in full by the Corporation within twenty days after a written demand has been received by the Corporation, then the person seeking to enforce a right to indemnification or to an advancement of expenses, as the case may be, may at any time thereafter bring suit against the Corporation to recover the unpaid amount of the claim.

(b)If successful in whole or in part in any suit brought pursuant to Section 5(a) of this Article VII, or in a suit brought by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses (whether pursuant to the terms of an undertaking or otherwise), the person seeking to enforce a right to indemnification or an advancement of expenses hereunder or the person from whom the Corporation sought to recover an advancement of expenses, as the case may be, shall be entitled to be paid by the Corporation the reasonable expenses (including attorneys fees) of prosecuting or defending such suit.

(c)In any suit brought by a person seeking to enforce a right to indemnification hereunder (but not a suit brought by a person seeking to enforce a right to an advancement of expenses hereunder), it shall be a defense that the person seeking to enforce a right to indemnification has not met any applicable standard for indemnification under applicable law. With respect to any suit brought by a person seeking to enforce a right to indemnification or right to advancement of expenses hereunder or any suit brought by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses (whether pursuant to the terms of an undertaking or otherwise), neither (i) the failure of the Corporation to have made a determination prior to commencement of such suit that indemnification of such person is proper in the circumstances because such person has met the applicable standards of conduct under applicable law, nor (ii) an actual determination by the Corporation that such person has not met such applicable standards of conduct, shall create a presumption that such person has not met the applicable standards of conduct or, in a case brought by such person seeking to enforce a right to indemnification, be a defense to such suit.

(d)In any suit brought by a person seeking to enforce a right to indemnification or to an advancement of expenses hereunder, or by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses (whether pursuant to the terms of an undertaking or otherwise), the burden shall be on the Corporation to prove that the person seeking to enforce a right to indemnification or to an advancement of expenses or the person from whom the Corporation seeks to recover an advancement of expenses is not entitled to be indemnified, or to such an advancement of expenses, under this Article VII or otherwise.

Section 6.NON-EXCLUSIVE RIGHTS. The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided in this Article VII shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which any person may be entitled under any bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise, both as to action in such persons official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office, and shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be such director, officer, employee, or agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors, and administrators of such person.

-17 -

Section 7.INSURANCE. The Corporation may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee, or agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee, or agent of Another Enterprise against any liability asserted against such person and incurred by such person in any such capacity, or arising out of such persons status as such, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such liability under the provisions of this Article VII or otherwise.

Section 8.SEVERABILITY. If any provision or provisions of this Article VII shall be held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever: (1) the validity, legality, and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Article VII (including, without limitation, each portion of any paragraph or clause containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, that is not itself held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby; and (2) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Article VII (including, without limitation, each such portion of any paragraph or clause containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested by the provision held invalid, illegal, or unenforceable.

ARTICLE VIII

AMENDMENT

Notwithstanding anything contained in the Certificate of Incorporation to the contrary, the Board of Directors is expressly authorized to adopt, alter, amend or repeal the Bylaws of the Corporation by affirmative vote of a majority of the directors present at any regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors at which a quorum is present. Any Bylaws made by the directors under the powers conferred hereby may be altered, amended or repealed by the directors or by the stockholders. Pursuant to Article VII of the Certificate of Incorporation, Sections 3, 9, 10 and 13 of Article II herein and Sections 2, 3 and 5 of Article III herein shall not be altered, amended or repealed and no provision inconsistent therewith shall be adopted without the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of the shares of capital stock of the Corporation issued and outstanding and entitled to vote, voting together as a single class.

The above Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Corporation were adopted by the Corporations Board of Directors as of February 19, 2025.

/s/ Christopher C. Colson

Christopher C. Colson, Corporate Secretary

-18 -
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>txrh-20250219xex99d1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Texas Roadhouse, Inc. Announces Fourth Quarter 2024 Results

Increases Quarterly Dividend 11% to $0.68 per Share

Approves Stock Repurchase Program of $500 Million

LOUISVILLE, KY. (February 20, 2025) Texas Roadhouse, Inc. (NasdaqGS: TXRH), today announced financial results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year ended December 31, 2024.

Financial Results

Financial results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 and December 26, 2023 were as follows:

Fourth Quarter Ended 

Fiscal Year Ended 

($000's, except per share amounts) 

December 31, 2024 

December 26, 2023 

% change 

December 31, 2024 

December 26, 2023 

% change 

Total revenue 

$ 

1,437,914 

$ 

1,164,361 

23.5% 

$ 

5,373,332 

$ 

4,631,672 

16.0 

%

Income from operations 

138,552 

83,773 

65.4% 

516,519 

353,989 

45.9 

%

Net income 

115,833 

72,430 

59.9% 

433,592 

304,876 

42.2 

%

Diluted earnings per share 

$ 

1.73 

$ 

1.08 

60.1% 

$ 

6.47 

$ 

4.54 

42.5 

%

Note: Fourth quarter and fiscal year 2024 results include 14 and 53 weeks, respectively, compared to 13 and 52 weeks in the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2023, respectively.

Results for the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2024, as compared to the prior year as applicable, included the following:

Comparable restaurant sales increased 7.7% at company restaurants and increased 6.3% at domestic franchise restaurants;

Average weekly sales at company restaurants were $153,867 of which $20,067 were to-go sales as compared to average weekly sales of $141,653 of which $17,793 were to-go sales in the prior year;

Restaurant margin dollars increased 37.3% to $242.6 million from $176.7 million in the prior year primarily due to higher sales. Restaurant margin, as a percentage of restaurant and other sales, increased to 17.0% from 15.3% in the prior year driven primarily by higher sales. The benefit of a higher average guest check, the benefit of the additional week, and improved labor productivity more than offset wage and other labor inflation of 5.0% and commodity inflation of 0.3%;

Diluted earnings per share increased 60.1% primarily driven by higher restaurant margin dollars partially offset by higher depreciation and amortization expenses and higher general and administrative expenses. Diluted earnings per share growth was positively impacted by approximately 20% as a result of the additional week;

Nine company restaurants and five franchise restaurants were opened; and

Capital allocation spend included capital expenditures of $107.8 million, dividends of $40.7 million, and repurchases of common stock of $35.1 million.

Results for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, as compared to the prior year as applicable, included the following:

Comparable restaurant sales increased 8.5% at company restaurants and increased 7.4% at domestic franchise restaurants;

Average weekly sales at company restaurants were $155,285 of which $19,940 were to-go sales as compared to average weekly sales of $143,837 of which $18,088 were to-go sales in the prior year;

Restaurant margin dollars increased 29.4% to $915.8 million from $708.0 million in the prior year primarily due to higher sales. Restaurant margin, as a percentage of restaurant and other sales, increased to 17.1% from 15.4% in the prior year driven primarily by higher sales. The benefit of a higher average guest check and improved labor productivity more than offset wage and other labor inflation of 4.6% and commodity inflation of 0.7%;

Diluted earnings per share increased 42.5% primarily driven by higher restaurant margin dollars partially offset by higher depreciation and amortization expenses and higher general and administrative expenses. Diluted earnings per share growth was positively impacted by approximately 5% as a result of the additional week;

31 company restaurants and 14 franchise restaurants were opened; and

Capital allocation spend included capital expenditures of $354.3 million, dividends of $162.9 million, and repurchases of common stock of $79.8 million.

Jerry Morgan, Chief Executive Officer of Texas Roadhouse, Inc. commented, We ended 2024 on an incredible note, which was highlighted by fourth quarter and full-year traffic growth at all three of our brands. These results are a credit to our operators who, as Ive said before, continue to create an environment where Roadies want to work, and guests want to dine. I also want to thank Roadie Nation and the more than 250 million guests who supported us by dining in our restaurants.

Morgan continued, We are off to a strong start in 2025 with the completion of the previously announced acquisition of 13 franchise restaurants. In addition, due to the continued growth across our portfolio, our 800th restaurant is under construction and will open later this year. As we have consistently done, we will leverage the strength of our balance sheet to continue to fund our development growth while also returning capital to our shareholders.

Franchise Acquisition

On the first day of the 2025 fiscal year, the Company completed the acquisition of 13 domestic franchise restaurants for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $78 million.

2025 Outlook

Comparable restaurant sales at company restaurants for the first seven weeks of our first quarter of fiscal 2025 increased 2.9% compared to 2024. In addition, the Company plans to implement a menu price increase of approximately 1.4% in early April.

Management updated the following expectation for 2025:

Commodity cost inflation of 3% to 4%.

Management reiterated the following expectations for 2025:

Positive comparable restaurant sales growth including the benefit of 2024 menu pricing actions;

Store week growth of approximately 5%, including a benefit of 2% from the franchise acquisition;

Wage and other labor inflation of 4% to 5%;

An effective income tax rate of 15% to 16%; and

Total capital expenditures of approximately $400 million.

Cash Dividend Payment

On February 19, 2025, the Companys Board of Directors approved the payment of a quarterly cash dividend of $0.68 per share of common stock. This payment, which represents an 11% increase from the quarterly cash dividend in 2024, will be distributed on April 1, 2025, to shareholders of record at the close of business on March 18, 2025.

Stock Repurchase Authorization

On February 19, 2025, the Companys Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program under which they authorized the Company to repurchase up to $500 million of its common stock. This new stock repurchase program will commence on February 24, 2025 and any repurchases made under such plan will be made by the Company through open market transactions. This stock repurchase program has no expiration date and replaces the previous stock repurchase program of $300 million which was approved on March 17, 2022. 

Non-GAAP Measures

The Company prepares the consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). Within the press release, the Company makes reference to restaurant margin (in dollars, as a percentage of restaurant and other sales, and per store week). Restaurant margin represents restaurant and other sales less restaurant-level operating costs, including food and beverage costs, labor, rent, and other operating costs. Restaurant margin should not be considered in isolation, or as an alternative, to income from operations. This non-GAAP measure is not indicative of overall company performance and profitability in that this measure does not accrue directly to the benefit of shareholders due to the nature of the costs excluded. Restaurant margin is widely regarded as a useful metric by which to evaluate core restaurant-level operating efficiency and performance over various reporting periods on a consistent basis. In calculating restaurant margin, the Company excludes certain non-restaurant-level costs that support operations, but do not have a direct impact on restaurant-level operational efficiency and performance, including general and administrative expenses. The Company excludes pre-opening expenses as they occur at irregular intervals and would impact comparability to prior period results. The Company excludes depreciation and amortization expenses, substantially all of which relate to restaurant-level assets, as they represent a non-cash charge for the investment in restaurants. The Company excludes impairment and closure expenses as it believes this provides a clearer perspective of ongoing operating performance and a more useful comparison to prior period results. Restaurant margin as presented may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies in the industry. A reconciliation of income from operations to restaurant margin is included in the accompanying financial tables.

Conference Call

Texas Roadhouse, Inc. is hosting a conference call today, February 20, 2025, at 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time to discuss these results. The call will be webcast live from the investor relations portion of the Companys website at www.texasroadhouse.com. Listeners may also access the call by dialing (888) 440-5667 or (646) 960-0476 for international calls and referencing the Texas Roadhouse, Inc. Fourth Quarter 2024 Earnings. A replay of the call will be available until February 27, 2025, by dialing (800) 770-2030 or (609) 800-9909 for international calls and using conference ID 7714420.

About the Company

Texas Roadhouse, Inc. is a growing restaurant company operating predominantly in the casual dining segment that first opened in 1993 and today has grown to over 780 restaurants system-wide in 49 states, one U.S. territory, and ten foreign countries. For more information, please visit the Companys Web site at www.texasroadhouse.com.

Forward-looking Statements

Certain statements in this release are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Such statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the management of Texas Roadhouse, Inc. Actual results may vary materially from those contained in forward-looking statements based on a number of factors including, without limitation, conditions beyond managements control such as weather, natural disasters, disease outbreaks, epidemics, or pandemics impacting customers or food supplies; labor or supply chain shortages or limited availability of staff or product needed to meet its business standards; changes in consumer discretionary spending and macroeconomic conditions, including inflationary pressures; food safety, and food-borne illness concerns; and other factors disclosed from time to time in its filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Accordingly, there are or will be important factors that could cause actual outcomes or results to differ materially from those indicated in these statements. These factors include but are not limited to those described under Part IItem 1A. Risk Factors of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 26, 2023. These factors should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Investors should take such risks into account when making investment decisions. Shareholders and other readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are made. The Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, except as required by applicable law.

# # #

Contacts:

Investor Relations 

Media

Michael Bailen 

Travis Doster

(502) 515-7298 

(502) 638-5457

Texas Roadhouse, Inc. and Subsidiaries

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income

(in thousands, except per share data)

(unaudited)

Fourth Quarter Ended 

Fiscal Year Ended

December 31, 

December 26, 

December 31, 

December 26,

2024 

2023 

2024 

2023

Revenue: 

Restaurant and other sales 

$ 

1,428,780 

$ 

1,157,362 

$ 

5,341,853 

$ 

4,604,554

Franchise royalties and fees 

9,134 

6,999 

31,479 

27,118

Total revenue 

1,437,914 

1,164,361 

5,373,332 

4,631,672

Costs and expenses: 

Restaurant operating costs (excluding depreciation and amortization shown separately below): 

Food and beverage 

479,461 

395,753 

1,785,119 

1,593,852

Labor 

471,511 

383,154 

1,764,740 

1,539,124

Rent 

21,017 

18,765 

80,560 

72,766

Other operating 

214,142 

183,002 

795,657 

690,848

Pre-opening 

6,511 

9,523 

28,090 

29,234

Depreciation and amortization 

49,239 

40,438 

178,157 

153,202

Impairment and closure, net 

91 

144 

1,226 

275

General and administrative 

57,390 

49,809 

223,264 

198,382

Total costs and expenses 

1,299,362 

1,080,588 

4,856,813 

4,277,683

Income from operations 

138,552 

83,773 

516,519 

353,989

Interest income, net 

1,767 

254 

6,774 

2,984

Equity income from investments in unconsolidated affiliates 

419 

170 

1,197 

1,351

Income before taxes 

140,738 

84,197 

524,490 

358,324

Income tax expense 

22,232 

9,175 

80,145 

44,649

Net income including noncontrolling interests 

118,506 

75,022 

444,345 

313,675

Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

2,673 

2,592 

10,753 

8,799

Net income attributable to Texas Roadhouse, Inc. and subsidiaries 

$ 

115,833 

$ 

72,430 

$ 

433,592 

$ 

304,876

Net income per common share attributable to Texas Roadhouse, Inc. and subsidiaries: 

Basic 

$ 

1.74 

$ 

1.08 

$ 

6.50 

$ 

4.56

Diluted 

$ 

1.73 

$ 

1.08 

$ 

6.47 

$ 

4.54

Weighted average shares outstanding: 

Basic 

66,680 

66,803 

66,752 

66,893

Diluted 

66,998 

67,078 

67,011 

67,149

Cash dividends declared per share 

$ 

0.61 

$ 

0.55 

$ 

2.44 

$ 

2.20

Texas Roadhouse, Inc. and Subsidiaries

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets

(in thousands)

(unaudited)

December 31, 2024 

December 26, 2023

Cash and cash equivalents 

$ 

245,225 

$ 

104,246

Other current assets, net 

271,343 

252,228

Property and equipment, net 

1,617,673 

1,474,722

Operating lease right-of-use assets, net 

769,865 

694,014

Goodwill 

169,684 

169,684

Intangible assets, net 

1,265 

3,483

Other assets 

115,724 

94,999

Total assets 

$ 

3,190,779 

$ 

2,793,376

Current liabilities 

828,130 

745,434

Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion 

826,300 

743,476

Other liabilities 

162,626 

146,955

Texas Roadhouse, Inc. and subsidiaries stockholders equity 

1,358,347 

1,141,662

Noncontrolling interests 

15,376 

15,849

Total liabilities and equity 

$ 

3,190,779 

$ 

2,793,376

Texas Roadhouse, Inc. and Subsidiaries

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

(in thousands)

(unaudited)

Fiscal Year Ended

December 31, 2024 

December 26, 2023

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income including noncontrolling interests 

$ 

444,345 

$ 

313,675

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities 

Depreciation and amortization 

178,157 

153,202

Share-based compensation expense 

47,055 

34,230

Deferred income taxes 

(13,803) 

3,115

Other noncash adjustments, net 

4,325 

3,307

Change in working capital, net of acquisitions 

93,550 

57,455

Net cash provided by operating activities 

753,629 

564,984

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Capital expenditures - property and equipment 

(354,341) 

(347,034)

Acquisitions of franchise restaurants, net of cash acquired 

(39,153)

Proceeds from sale of investments in unconsolidated affiliates 

627

Proceeds from sale of property and equipment 

1,441 

2,110

Proceeds from sale leaseback transactions 

15,999 

16,283

Net cash used in investing activities 

(336,901) 

(367,167)

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Payments on revolving credit facility 

(50,000)

Repurchase of shares of common stock, including excise taxes as applicable 

(80,003) 

(49,993)

Dividends paid to shareholders 

(162,864) 

(147,182)

Other financing activities, net 

(32,882) 

(20,257)

Net cash used in financing activities 

(275,749) 

(267,432)

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

140,979 

(69,615)

Cash and cash equivalents - beginning of period 

104,246 

173,861

Cash and cash equivalents - end of period 

$ 

245,225 

$ 

104,246

Texas Roadhouse, Inc. and Subsidiaries

Reconciliation of Income from Operations to Restaurant Margin

($ in thousands)

(unaudited)

Fourth Quarter Ended 

Fiscal Year Ended 

December 31, 2024 

December 26, 2023 

December 31, 2024 

December 26, 2023 

Income from operations 

$ 

138,552 

$ 

83,773 

$ 

516,519 

$ 

353,989 

Less: 

Franchise royalties and fees 

9,134 

6,999 

31,479 

27,118 

Add: 

Pre-opening 

6,511 

9,523 

28,090 

29,234 

Depreciation and amortization 

49,239 

40,438 

178,157 

153,202 

Impairment and closure, net 

91 

144 

1,226 

275 

General and administrative 

57,390 

49,809 

223,264 

198,382 

Restaurant margin 

$ 

242,649 

$ 

176,688 

$ 

915,777 

$ 

707,964 

Restaurant margin (as a percentage of restaurant and other sales) 

17.0% 

15.3% 

17.1 

% 

15.4 

%

Texas Roadhouse, Inc. and Subsidiaries

Supplemental Financial and Operating Information

($ amounts in thousands, except restaurant margin $ per 

store week and weekly sales by group)

(unaudited)

Fourth Quarter Ended 

December 31, 2024 

December 26, 2023 

Change 

Company restaurants (all concepts) 

Restaurant and other sales 

$ 

1,428,780 

$ 

1,157,362 

23.5 

%

Store weeks 

9,276 

8,158 

13.7 

%

Comparable restaurant sales (1) 

7.7 

% 

9.9 

% 

Restaurant operating costs (as a % of restaurant and other sales) 

Food and beverage costs 

33.5 

% 

34.2 

% 

65 

bps

Labor 

33.0 

% 

33.1 

% 

10 

bps

Rent 

1.5 

% 

1.6 

% 

15 

bps

Other operating 

15.0 

% 

15.8 

% 

82 

bps

Total 

83.0 

% 

84.7 

% 

Restaurant margin % 

17.0 

% 

15.3 

% 

172 

bps

Restaurant margin $ 

$ 

242,649 

$ 

176,688 

37.3 

%

Restaurant margin $/Store week 

$ 

26,159 

$ 

21,658 

20.8 

%

Texas Roadhouse restaurants only: 

Store weeks 

8,478 

7,487 

13.2 

%

Comparable restaurant sales (1) 

7.8 

% 

10.2 

% 

Average unit volume (2) 

$ 

2,211 

$ 

1,888 

17.1 

%

Average unit volume, 2023 adjusted (3) 

$ 

2,211 

$ 

2,069 

6.9 

%

Weekly sales by group: 

Comparable restaurants (564 and 545 units) 

$ 

159,260 

$ 

145,361 

9.6 

%

Average unit volume restaurants (27 and 19 units) 

$ 

130,282 

$ 

140,765 

(7.4) 

%

Restaurants less than 6 months old (17 and 18 units) 

$ 

158,119 

$ 

137,123 

15.3 

%

Bubbas 33 restaurants only: 

Store weeks 

680 

574 

18.5 

%

Comparable restaurant sales (1) 

6.7 

% 

3.3 

% 

Average unit volume (2) 

$ 

1,626 

$ 

1,411 

15.2 

%

Average unit volume, 2023 adjusted (3) 

$ 

1,626 

$ 

1,536 

5.9 

%

Weekly sales by group: 

Comparable restaurants (40 and 36 units) 

$ 

117,098 

$ 

110,490 

6.0 

%

Average unit volume restaurants (5 and 4 units) 

$ 

108,687 

$ 

90,822 

19.7 

%

Restaurants less than 6 months old (4 and 5 units) 

$ 

129,924 

$ 

124,389 

4.4 

%

Texas Roadhouse franchise restaurants only: 

Store weeks 

1,576 

1,310 

20.3 

%

Comparable restaurant sales 

5.6 

% 

7.9 

% 

U.S. franchise restaurants only: 

Comparable restaurant sales (1) 

6.3 

% 

8.9 

% 

Average unit volume (2) 

$ 

2,380 

$ 

2,067 

15.1 

%

Average unit volume, 2023 adjusted (3) 

$ 

2,380 

$ 

2,260 

5.3 

%

(1) Comparable restaurant sales reflect the change insales for all company restaurants across all concepts, unless otherwise noted, over the same period of the prior year for restaurants open a full 18 months before the beginning of the period, excluding sales from restaurants permanently closed during the period.

(2) Average unit volume includes sales from restaurants open for a full sixmonths before the beginning of the period, excluding sales from restaurants permanently closed during the period, if applicable. 

(3) For comparative purposes, Q4 2023 was adjusted to include 14 weeks. 

Texas Roadhouse, Inc. and Subsidiaries

Restaurant Unit Activity

(unaudited)

Fourth Quarter Ended 

Fiscal Year Ended 

December 31, 

December 26, 

December 31, 

December 26, 

2024 

2023 

Change 

2024 

2023 

Change

Restaurant openings 

Company - Texas Roadhouse 

7 

9 

(2) 

26 

22 

4

Company - Bubbas 33 

1 

2 

(1) 

4 

5 

(1)

Company - Jaggers 

1 

1 

1 

3 

(2)

Total company restaurants 

9 

12 

(3) 

31 

30 

1

Franchise - Texas Roadhouse - Domestic 

2 

(2) 

3 

(3)

Franchise - Jaggers - Domestic 

1 

1 

2 

2 

Franchise - Texas Roadhouse - Int'l (1) 

3 

4 

(1) 

11 

10 

1

Franchise - Jaggers - Int'l 

1 

1 

1 

1

Total franchise restaurants 

5 

7 

(2) 

14 

15 

(1)

Total restaurants 

14 

19 

(5) 

45 

45 

Restaurant acquisitions/dispositions 

Company - Texas Roadhouse 

8 

(8)

Franchise - Texas Roadhouse - Domestic 

(8) 

8

Restaurant closures 

Franchise - Texas Roadhouse - Domestic 

(1) 

1

Franchise - Texas Roadhouse - International 

(2) 

(2) 

(2) 

(2)

Restaurants open at the end of the quarter 

Company - Texas Roadhouse 

608 

582 

26 

Company - Bubbas 33 

49 

45 

4 

Company - Jaggers 

9 

8 

1 

Total company restaurants 

666 

635 

31 

Franchise - Texas Roadhouse - Domestic 

56 

56 

Franchise - Jaggers - Domestic 

4 

2 

2 

Franchise - Texas Roadhouse - Int'l (1) 

57 

48 

9 

Franchise - Jaggers - Int'l 

1 

1 

Total franchise restaurants 

118 

106 

12 

Total restaurants 

784 

741 

43 

(1) Includes a U.S. territory.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>txrh-20250219xex99d1001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>txrh-20250219.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>EX-101.SCH
<TEXT>
00090 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>txrh-20250219_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>EX-101.LAB
<TEXT>
Document and Entity Information [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Document Period End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address State Or Province 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Title of 12(b) Security 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Central Index Key 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Amendment Flag 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>txrh-20250219_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>EX-101.PRE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Feb. 19, 2025

Document and Entity Information [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Feb. 19, 2025

Entity File Number 000-50972

Entity Registrant Name TEXAS ROADHOUSE, INC.

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Tax Identification Number 20-1083890

Entity Address State Or Province KY

Entity Address, Address Line One 6040 Dutchmans Lane

Entity Address, City or Town Louisville

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 40205

City Area Code 502

Local Phone Number 426-9984

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share

Trading Symbol TXRH

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Entity Central Index Key 0001289460

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Amendment Flag false

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00090 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://texasroadhouse.com/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

txrh-20250219.xsd 
txrh-20250219_lab.xml 
txrh-20250219_pre.xml 
txrh-20250219x8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001558370-25-001213-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>txrh-20250219x8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001289460 

2025-02-19 
2025-02-19 

0001289460 
false 
--12-31 
8-K 
2025-02-19 
TEXAS ROADHOUSE, INC. 
DE 
000-50972 
20-1083890 
6040 Dutchmans Lane 
Louisville 
KY 
40205 
502 
426-9984 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share 
TXRH 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>