<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-026268.txt : 20250331
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-026268.hdr.sgml : 20250331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250331161514
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-026268
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250328
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Reborn Coffee, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001707910
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-EATING PLACES [5812]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		EIN:				474752305
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41479
		FILM NUMBER:		25793423

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		580 N. BERRY STREET
		CITY:			BREA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92821
		BUSINESS PHONE:		714-784-6369

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		580 N. BERRY STREET
		CITY:			BREA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92821

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CAPAX INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170530
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0236331-8k_reborn.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000170791000017079102025-03-282025-03-28iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of Earliest Event Reported):
March 28, 2025

REBORN COFFEE, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-41479 47-4752305

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

580 N. Berry Street, Brea, CA 92821

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(714) 784-6369

(Registrants telephone number)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General
Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Securities Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, $0.0001 par
value

per share REBN The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

(Nasdaq Capital Market)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Amendments to Debentures

As previously reported, on February 6, 2025, Reborn
Coffee, Inc. (the Company) entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (Securities Purchase Agreement) with
the purchasers named therein (the Arena Investors). Under the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Company agreed to issue
10% original issue discount secured convertible debentures (Debentures) in a principal amount of up to $10,000,000, divided
into up to four separate tranches that are each subject to certain closing conditions (the Offering). The conversion price
per share of each Debenture, subject to adjustment as provided therein, is equal to 92.5% of the lowest daily VWAP (as defined in the
Debentures) of the Companys shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (Common Stock) during the five trading
day period ending on the trading day immediately prior to delivery or deemed delivery of the applicable Conversion Notice (as defined
in the Debentures). The Debentures accrue interest at a rate of 10% per annum paid in kind, unless there is an event of default in which
case the Debentures will accrue interest at a default rate.

Upon the consummation of the closing of each tranche,
the Company also agreed to issue common stock purchase warrants (Warrants) to each Arena Investor who participates in such
closing. The Warrants will: (i) provide for the purchase by the applicable Arena Investor of a number of shares of Common Stock equal
to 20% of the total principal amount of the related Debenture purchased by the Arena Investor on the applicable closing date divided by
92.5% of the lowest daily VWAP of Common Stock for the five consecutive trading day period ended on the last trading day immediately preceding
such closing date and (ii) be exercisable at an exercise price equal to 92.5% of the average of the lowest daily VWAP of the Common Stock
over the consecutive trading days immediately preceding the delivery of the applicable Notice of Exercise (as defined in the Warrants).

On March 28, 2025, the Company entered into a
Global Amendment to 10% Original Issue Discount Secured Convertible Debentures (the Global Amendment) with the Arena Investors.
Pursuant to the Global Amendment, the Debentures previously issued by the Company were amended such that, upon receipt of cash proceeds
from the issuance of equity or indebtedness and upon notice from the applicable Arena Investor, the Company will be required to apply
30% of the gross cash proceeds received from the applicable financing transaction to redeem a portion of the outstanding principal amount
of the applicable Debenture for cash in an amount equal to the sum of (1) 120% of the portion of the outstanding principal amount of the
applicable Debenture being be redeemed plus 100% of accrued but unpaid interest thereon and (2) all liquidated damages and other amounts
then due in respect of the applicable Debenture.

In addition, on March 28, 2025, the Company entered
into an amendment to securities purchase agreement (the SPA Amendment) with the Arena Investors. Pursuant to the SPA Amendment,
the form of Debenture attached to the Securities Purchase Agreement was substituted for a new form of Debenture with the amendment described
above in the Global Amendment (the New Form of Debenture).

The foregoing descriptions of the Warrants, the
Securities Purchase Agreement, the New Form of Debenture, the Global Amendment, and the SPA Amendment are qualified in their entirety
by reference to the full text of such agreements, copies of which are attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibits 4.1, 10.1,
10.2, 10.3, and 10.4, respectively, and each of which is incorporated herein in its entirety by reference. The representations, warranties
and covenants contained in such agreements were made only for purposes of such agreements and as of specific dates, were solely for the
benefit of the parties to such agreements and may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties.

1

Third Closing

The closing of the third tranche was consummated
on March 28, 2025 (the Third Closing) and the Company issued to the Arena Investors Debentures in an aggregate principal
amount of $1,666,667 (the Third Closing Debentures). The Third Closing Debentures were sold to the Arena Investors for a
purchase price of $1,500,000, representing an original issue discount of ten percent (10%). The Company also issued to the Arena Investors
91,076 Warrants in connection with the Third Closing (the Third Closing Warrants).

Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation
or an Obligation Under an Off-balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The information set forth under Item 1.01 above
of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference in this Item 2.03.

Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities

The information set forth
in Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement relating to the issuance of the Third Closing Debentures, the Third
Closing Warrants, and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Third Closing Debentures or exercise of the Third Closing
Warrants is incorporated by reference herein in its entirety. The Company has issued the Third Closing Debentures and the Third Closing
Warrants pursuant to the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act), available under Section 4(a)(2) and/or Rule 506(b) of Regulation D promulgated thereunder and intends to issue any shares
of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Third Closing Debentures or exercise of the Third Closing Warrants pursuant to the same
exemption. The Arena Investors are each an accredited investor as such term is defined in Regulation D promulgated under
the Securities Act. This Current Report on Form 8-K shall not constitute an offer to sell or the
solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall such securities be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable
exemption from the registration requirements and certificates evidencing such shares contain a legend stating the same.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No Exhibit

4.1 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the registrants Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 12, 2025)

10.1 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement by and between Reborn Coffee, Inc. and the Arena Investors dated February 6, 2025 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrants Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 12, 2025)

10.2 Form of 10% Original Issue Discount Secured Convertible Debenture

10.3 Global Amendment to 10% Original Issue Discount Secured Convertible Debentures by and between Reborn Coffee, Inc. and the Arena Investors, dated March 28, 2025

10.4 Amendment to Securities Purchase Agreement by and between Reborn Coffee, Inc. and the Arena Investors dated March 28, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

Schedules
and exhibits to this Exhibit omitted pursuant to Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(2). The Company agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of
any omitted schedule or exhibit to the SEC upon request.

2

SIGNATURE

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Dated: March 31, 2025

REBORN COFFEE, INC.

By: /s/ Jay Kim

Name: Jay Kim

Title: Chief Executive Officer

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023633101ex10-2_reborn.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF 10% ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT SECURED CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURE
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES
INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY IS CONVERTIBLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION
OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT),
AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT
TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE
WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION
WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES

Original Issue Date: 

Original Principal Amount: $

10% ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT

SECURED CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURE

DUE20261

THIS 10% ORIGINAL
ISSUE DISCOUNT SECURED CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURE is one of a series of duly authorized and validly issued 10% Original Issue Discount Secured
Convertible Debentures of REBORN COFFEE, INC., a Delaware corporation (together
with its successors and assigns, the Company), whose registered office is at 580 N. Berry Street, Brea, CA 92821,
designated as its 10% Original Issue Discount Secured Convertible Debenture due 2026 (this debenture, the Debenture
and, collectively with the other debentures of such series, the Debentures).

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the Company
promises to pay to or its registered, permitted assigns (the Holder), or shall have paid pursuant to the terms hereunder,
the principal sum of $ on 2026 (the Maturity Date) or such earlier date as this Debenture is
required or permitted to be repaid as provided hereunder, and to pay interest to the Holder on the aggregate unconverted and then outstanding
principal amount of this Debenture in accordance with the provisions hereof. All payments due hereunder (to the extent not converted into
shares of Common Stock in accordance with the terms hereof) shall be made in lawful money of the United States of America at the address
or otherwise pursuant to such instructions as the Holder shall provide to the Company by written notice made in accordance with the provisions
of this Debenture. This Debenture is subject to the following additional provisions:

Section 1. Definitions.
For the purposes hereof, in addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Debenture, (a) capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein
shall have the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement and (b) the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Alternate Consideration
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(e).

1 18 months from the First Closing Date.

Bankruptcy
Event means any of the following events: (a) the Company or any Significant Subsidiary (as such term is defined in Rule 1-02(w)
of Regulation S-X) thereof commences a case or other proceeding under any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment of debt,
relief of debtors, dissolution, insolvency or liquidation or similar law of any jurisdiction relating to the Company or any Significant
Subsidiary thereof, (b) there is commenced against the Company or any Significant Subsidiary thereof any such case or proceeding that
is not dismissed within 60 days after commencement, (c) the Company or any Significant Subsidiary thereof is adjudicated insolvent or
bankrupt or any order of relief or other order approving any such case or proceeding is entered, (d) the Company or any Significant Subsidiary
thereof suffers any appointment of any custodian or the like for it or any substantial part of its property that is not discharged or
stayed within 60 calendar days after such appointment, (e) the Company or any Significant Subsidiary thereof makes a general assignment
for the benefit of creditors, (f) the Company or any Significant Subsidiary thereof calls a meeting of its creditors with a view to arranging
a composition, adjustment or restructuring of its debts, (g) the Company or any Significant Subsidiary thereof admits in writing that
it is generally unable to pay its debts as they become due, (h) the Company or any Significant Subsidiary thereof, by any act or failure
to act, expressly indicates its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any of the foregoing or takes any corporate or other action
for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing.

Base Conversion
Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(b).

Beneficial
Ownership Limitation shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(d).

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized
or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee
or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority
so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York are generally
are open for use by customers on such day.

Buy-In
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(c)(v).

Change
of Control Transaction means the occurrence after the date hereof of any of (a) an acquisition after the date hereof by an
individual or legal entity or group (as described in Rule 13d-5(b)(1) promulgated under the Exchange Act) of effective control
(whether through legal or beneficial ownership of capital shares of the Company, by contract or otherwise) of in excess of 33% of the
voting securities of the Company (other than by means of conversion of the Debentures), (b) the Company merges into or consolidates with
any other Person, or any Person merges into or consolidates with the Company and, after giving effect to such transaction, the shareholders
of the Company immediately prior to such transaction own less than 51% of the aggregate voting power of the Company or the successor entity
of such transaction, (c) the Company (and all of its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole) sells or transfers all or substantially all of its
assets to another Person and the shareholders of the Company immediately prior to such transaction own less than 51% of the aggregate
voting power of the acquiring entity immediately after the transaction, (d) a replacement at one time or within a three year period of
more than one-half of the members of the Board of Directors which is not approved by a majority of those individuals who are members of
the Board of Directors on the Execution Date (or by those individuals who are serving as members of the Board of Directors on any date
whose nomination to the Board of Directors was approved by a majority of the members of the Board of Directors who are members on the
date hereof), or (e) the execution by the Company of an agreement to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound, providing for
any of the events set forth in clauses (a) through (d) above.

2

Common
Stock means the shares of common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, and any other class of securities into
which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time shares of Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preference shares, right, option, warrant or other instrument
that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, shares of
Common Stock.

Conversion
Date means the date of any conversion under this Debenture.

Conversion
Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(b).

Conversion
Shares means, collectively, the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Debenture in accordance with the terms
hereof.

Debenture
Register shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.

Dilutive
Issuance shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(b).

Dilutive
Issuance Notice shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(b).

Dollars
and $ mean dollars in lawful currency of the United States of America.

Effectiveness
Period shall have the meaning set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement.

Event
of Default shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8(a).

Execution
Date means February 4, 2025.

Floor Price
means $[__]2.

Floor
Price Spread Amount shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(c)(i).

Fundamental
Transaction shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(e).

Indebtedness
or indebtedness of any person shall mean, if and to the extent (other than with respect to clause (i)) the same would
constitute indebtedness or a liability on a balance sheet prepared in accordance with GAAP, without duplication, (a) all obligations of
such person for borrowed money, (b) all obligations of such person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments, (c) all
obligations of such person under conditional sale or other title retention agreements relating to property or assets purchased by such
person, (d) all obligations of such person issued or assumed as the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than such obligations
accrued in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice or industry norm), to the extent that the same would be required
to be shown as a long term liability on a balance sheet prepared in accordance with GAAP, (e) all capitalized lease obligations of such
person, (f) the principal component of all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such person as an account party in respect of letters
of credit, (g) the principal component of all obligations of such person in respect of bankers acceptances, and (h) all guarantees
by such person of indebtedness described in clauses (a) to (g) above; provided, that Indebtedness shall not include (A) trade and
other ordinary-course payables and intercompany liabilities arising in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice
or industry norm, (B) accrued expenses, (C) prepaid or deferred revenue, (D) purchase price holdbacks arising in the ordinary course of
business or consistent with past practice or industry norm in respect of a portion of the purchase prices of an asset to satisfy unperformed
obligations of the seller of such asset, or (E) earn-out obligations until such obligations become a liability on the balance sheet of
such person in accordance with GAAP.

2 Insert amount that is 20% of the closing price on the date prior
to the date of Purchase Agreement.

3

Mandatory
Default Amount means the sum of (a) 130% of the outstanding principal amount of this Debenture, plus 100% of accrued and unpaid
interest hereon, and (b) all other amounts, costs, expenses and liquidated damages due in respect of this Debenture.

New York
Courts shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9(f).

Notice
of Conversion shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(a).

Optional
Redemption shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(b).

Optional
Redemption Amount shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(b).

Optional
Redemption Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(b).

Optional
Redemption Notice shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(b).

Optional
Redemption Notice Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(b).

Original
Issue Date means the date of the first issuance of the Debenture (i.e., the date first written above), regardless of any transfers
of the Debenture and regardless of the number of instruments which may be issued to evidence such Debenture.

Permitted
Indebtedness means (a) the indebtedness evidenced by the Debentures, and (b) the indebtedness existing on the Execution Date
set forth on Schedule 20 to the Perfection Certificate. Permitted Indebtedness means (a) the indebtedness evidenced by the
Debentures; (c) indebtedness under agreements or arrangements with respect to refinancing the indebtedness existing on the Original Issue
Date, provided that the terms of any such refinancing are more favorable to the Company and are no more favorable to the holders of such
Indebtedness than the terms of the Debentures and such refinanced amount does not exceed the amount of such indebtedness as of the Original
Issue Date; (d) purchase money Indebtedness incurred to finance the acquisition of property for use in Companys and its Subsidiaries
business and capital lease obligations incurred by Company and its Subsidiaries, each in the ordinary course of business; and (e) Indebtedness
incurred in respect of netting services, overdraft protection, and other like services, in each case, incurred in the ordinary course
of business.

Permitted
Lien means the individual and collective reference to the following: (a) Liens for taxes, assessments and other governmental
charges or levies not yet delinquent by more than 30 days or Liens for taxes, assessments and other governmental charges or levies being
contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings for which adequate reserves (in the good faith judgment of the management of the
Company) have been established in accordance with GAAP, and (b) Liens imposed by law or which were or are incurred in the ordinary course
of the Companys business, such as carriers, warehousemens and mechanics Liens, statutory landlords
Liens, and other similar Liens arising in the ordinary course of the Companys business which secure obligations which are not more
than 30 days overdue, and which (x) do not individually or in the aggregate materially detract from the value of such property or assets
or materially impair the use thereof in the operation of the business of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries or (y) are being
contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, which proceedings have the effect of preventing for the foreseeable future the forfeiture
or sale of the property or asset subject to such Lien.

4

Purchase
Agreement means the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 4, 2025, by and among the Company, and the Purchasers
party thereto (as amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with its terms).

Registration
Rights Agreement means the Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of [ ], 2025, among the Company and the Purchasers of the
Securities issued by the Company pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.

Registration
Statement means a registration statement meeting the requirements set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement and covering
the resale of the Underlying Shares and Commitment Shares by the Holder as provided for in the Registration Rights Agreement.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Share
Delivery Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(c)(ii).

Standard
Settlement Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(c)(ii).

Successor
Entity shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(e).

Surviving
Entity shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.

Trading
Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the New York Stock
Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

VWAP
means, as of any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock are then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the per share daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or if such date is
not a Trading Day, for the nearest preceding Trading Day) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as
reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if the
Common Stock is listed on the OTCQB or OTCQX, the per share volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or if such
date is not a Trading Day, for the nearest preceding Trading Day) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then
listed or quoted for trading on any Trading Market or OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink
Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share
of Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent
appraiser selected in good faith by the Holder and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid
by the Company.

5

Section 2. Interest.
Interest shall accrue on the outstanding principal amount of this Debenture at a rate equal to 10.00% per annum paid in kind (the PIK
Interest) unless there is an Event of Default, in which case Default Interest shall accrue and be paid instead of PIK Interest.
The PIK Interest shall be added to the outstanding principal amount of this Debenture on a monthly basis as additional principal obligations
hereunder and shall automatically and thereafter constitute a part of the outstanding principal amount for all purposes hereof (including
the accrual of interest thereon at the rates applicable to the principal amount generally). The Borrower will not issue additional debentures
to represent the PIK Interest. Interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year, consisting of twelve 30 calendar day periods,
and shall accrue daily commencing on the Original Issue Date until payment in full of the outstanding principal, together with all accrued
and unpaid interest, liquidated damages and other amounts which may become due hereunder, has been made. Interest shall cease to accrue
with respect to any portion of the principal amount of this Debenture that is converted to Conversion Shares, provided that the Company
delivers the Conversion Shares and pays the applicable Floor Price Spread Amount with respect to such conversion, if any, within the time
period required by Section 4 hereof. Accrued and unpaid interest hereunder will be paid to the Person in whose name this Debenture
is registered on the records of the Company regarding registration and transfers of this Debenture (the Debenture Register);
provided, notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, the Company represents and warrants that as of the Original
Issue Date, the Person in whose name this Debenture is duly registered on the Debenture Register as the owner of this Debenture for the
purpose of receiving payment as herein provided and for all other purposes is [___]. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of
an Event of Default, interest shall accrue on the outstanding principal amount of this Debenture at the rate of two percent (2.00%) per
month (Default Interest) commencing on the date of such Event of Default. Accrued and unpaid Default Interest shall
be due and payable monthly in arrears in cash on the first of each month following the occurrence of any Event of Default for Default
Interest accrued through the last day of the prior month.

Section 3. Registration
of Transfers and Exchanges.

(a) Different
Denominations. This Debenture is exchangeable for an equal aggregate principal amount of Debentures of different authorized denominations,
as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. No service charge will be payable for such registration of transfer or exchange.

(b) Investment
Representations. This Debenture has been issued subject to certain investment representations of the original Holder set forth in
the Purchase Agreement and may be transferred or exchanged only in compliance with the Purchase Agreement and applicable federal and state
securities laws and regulations.

(c) Reliance
on Debenture Register. Prior to due presentment for transfer to the Company of this Debenture, the Company and any agent of the Company
may treat the Person in whose name this Debenture is duly registered on the Debenture Register as the owner hereof for the purpose of
receiving payment as herein provided and for all other purposes, whether or not this Debenture is overdue, and neither the Company nor
any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary.

6

Section 4. Conversion.

(a) Voluntary
Conversion. At any time after the Original Issue Date until this Debenture is no longer outstanding, this Debenture shall be convertible,
in whole or in part, into shares of Common Stock at the option of the Holder, at any time and from time to time (subject to the conversion
limitations set forth in Section 4(d) hereof). The Holder shall effect conversions by delivering to the Company a Notice of Conversion,
the form of which is attached hereto as Annex A (each, a Notice of Conversion), specifying therein the amount
to be converted and the date on which such conversion shall be effected, and which may relate to one or more separate conversions. A Notice
of Conversion will be deemed delivered by the Holder to the Company via electronic email if sent from the email address of a Person who
has been identified by the Holder to the Company as a Person entitled to provide Notices of Conversion prior to the delivery of such Notice
of Conversion. If no Conversion Date is specified in a Notice of Conversion, the Conversion Date shall be the date that such Notice of
Conversion is deemed delivered hereunder. No ink-original Notice of Conversion shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or
other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Conversion form be required. To effect conversions hereunder, the Holder shall
not be required to physically surrender this Debenture to the Company unless the entire principal amount of this Debenture, plus all accrued
and unpaid interest thereon and any other amounts owing, has been so converted in which case the Holder shall surrender this Debenture
as promptly as is reasonably practicable after such conversion without delaying the Companys obligation to deliver the shares on
the Share Delivery Date. Any conversion hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding principal amount of this Debenture
in an amount equal to the applicable principal amount being converted provided that the Company delivers the Conversion Shares and pays
the applicable Floor Price Spread Amount with respect to such conversion, if any, in accordance with this Section 4. The Holder
and the Company shall maintain records showing the principal amount(s) converted and the date of such conversion(s). The Company may deliver
an objection to any Notice of Conversion within one (1) Business Day of delivery of such Notice of Conversion. In the event of any dispute
or discrepancy, the records of the Holder shall be controlling and determinative in the absence of manifest error. The Holder, and
any assignee by acceptance of this Debenture, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following conversion
of a portion of this Debenture, the unpaid and unconverted principal amount of this Debenture may be less than the amount stated on the
face hereof.

(b) Conversion Price. The conversion price
of this Debenture in effect as of any Conversion Date shall be a price per share of Common Stock equal to 92.5% of the lowest daily VWAP
of the shares of Common Stock during the five (5) Trading Day period ending on the Trading Day immediately prior to delivery or deemed
delivery of the applicable Notice of Conversion (the Conversion Price) and subject to adjustment as provided herein;
provided that, conversion may be at a price per share less than the Floor Price.

(c) Mechanics
of Conversion; Floor Price Spread Payments.

(i) Conversion
Shares Issuable Upon Conversion of Principal Amount; Floor Price Spread Payments. The number of Conversion Shares issuable upon a
conversion as of any Conversion Date hereunder shall be equal to the quotient obtained by dividing the amount to be converted by
the Conversion Price, as of such Conversion Date; provided, notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, that if
the Floor Price exceeds the Conversion Price (1) the number of Conversion Shares issuable upon the applicable conversion hereunder shall
be equal to the quotient obtained by dividing the amount to be converted by the Floor Price as of such Conversion Date, and (2)
the Company shall pay the Holder an amount in cash on the applicable Share Delivery Date with respect to such conversion (a Floor
Price Spread Amount) equal to the product obtained by multiplying (A) the amount obtained by subtracting the
Conversion Price, as of such Conversion Date from the Floor Price as of such Conversion Date by (B) the amount obtained by subtracting
(x) the quotient obtained by dividing the amount to be converted by the Conversion Price as of such Conversion Date from (y) the
quotient obtained by dividing the amount to be converted by the Floor Price as of such Conversion Date.

7

(ii) Delivery
of Conversion Shares Upon Conversion; Floor Price Spread Payments. Not later than the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii)
the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined below) after each Conversion Date (the Share
Delivery Date), the Company shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Holder (A) the Conversion Shares which, on or after
the earlier of (i) the six month anniversary of the Original Issue Date or (ii) the Applicable Effective Date, shall be free of restrictive
legends and trading restrictions (other than those which may then be required by the Purchase Agreement) representing the number of Conversion
Shares being acquired upon the applicable conversion of this Debenture). On or after the earlier of (i) the six-month anniversary of the
Original Issue Date or (ii) the Applicable Effective Date, the Company shall deliver any Conversion Shares required to be delivered by
the Company under this Section 4(c) electronically through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation
performing similar functions. Any Floor Price Spread Amount payable with respect to a conversion of the Debenture as determined in accordance
with Section 4(c)(i)(y) above shall be due and payable by the Company in full on the Share Delivery Date for such conversion. As
used herein, the term Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading
Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of any Notice
of Conversion.

(iii) Failure
to Deliver Conversion Shares. If, in the case of any Notice of Conversion, such Conversion Shares are not delivered to or as directed
by the applicable Holder by the Share Delivery Date, the Holder shall be entitled to elect by written notice to the Company at any time
on or before its receipt of such Conversion Shares, to rescind such Conversion, in which event the Company shall promptly return to the
Holder any original Debenture delivered to the Company and the Holder shall promptly return to the Company the Conversion Shares issued
to such Holder pursuant to the rescinded Notice of Conversion.

(iv) Obligation
Absolute; Partial Liquidated Damages. The Companys obligations to issue and deliver the Conversion Shares upon conversion of
this Debenture in accordance with the terms hereof are absolute and unconditional, irrespective of any action or inaction by the Holder
to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision hereof, the recovery of any judgment against any Person or any
action to enforce the same, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged breach by the
Holder or any other Person of any obligation to the Company or any violation or alleged violation of law by the Holder or any other Person,
and irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the Company to the Holder in connection with
the issuance of such Conversion Shares; provided, however, that such delivery shall not operate as a waiver by the Company
of any such action the Company may have against the Holder. In the event the Holder of this Debenture shall elect to convert any or all
of the outstanding principal amount hereof, the Company may not refuse conversion based on any claim that the Holder or anyone associated
or affiliated with the Holder has been engaged in any violation of law, agreement or for any other reason, unless an injunction from a
court, on notice to Holder, restraining and or enjoining conversion of all or part of this Debenture shall have been sought and obtained,
and the Company posts a surety bond for the benefit of the Holder in the amount of 135% of the outstanding principal amount of this Debenture,
which is subject to the injunction, which bond shall remain in effect until the completion of arbitration/litigation of the underlying
dispute and the proceeds of which shall be payable to the Holder to the extent it obtains judgment. In the absence of such injunction,
the Company shall issue Conversion Shares or, if applicable, cash, upon a properly noticed conversion. If the Company fails for any reason
to deliver to the Holder such Conversion Shares pursuant to Section 4(c)(ii) by the Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay
to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of principal amount being converted, $10 per Trading
Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the fifth (5th) Trading Day after such liquidated damages begin to accrue) for each Trading
Day after such Share Delivery Date until such Conversion Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such conversion. Nothing herein shall
limit a Holders right to pursue actual damages or declare an Event of Default pursuant to Section 8 hereof for the Companys
failure to deliver Conversion Shares within the period specified herein and the Holder shall have the right to pursue all remedies available
to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief. The exercise
of any such rights shall not prohibit the Holder from seeking to enforce damages pursuant to any other Section hereof or under applicable
law.

8

(v) Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Conversion Shares Upon Conversion. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder,
if the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder such Conversion Shares by the Share Delivery Date pursuant to Section
4(c)(ii), and if after such Share Delivery Date the Holder is required by its brokerage firm to purchase (in an open market transaction
or otherwise), or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by
the Holder of the Conversion Shares which the Holder was entitled to receive upon the conversion relating to such Share Delivery Date
(a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder (in addition to any other remedies available to
or elected by the Holder) the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including any brokerage commissions)
for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the product of (1) the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that the Holder
was entitled to receive from the conversion at issue multiplied by (2) the actual sale price at which the sell order giving rise to such
purchase obligation was executed (including any brokerage commissions) and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reissue (if surrendered)
this Debenture in a principal amount equal to the amount of the attempted conversion (in which case such conversion shall be deemed rescinded)
or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued if the Company had timely complied with its
delivery requirements under Section 4(c)(ii). For example, if the Holder purchases a number of shares of Common Stock having a
total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted conversion of this Debenture with respect to which the
actual sale price of the Conversion Shares (including any brokerage commissions) giving rise to such purchase obligation was a total of
$10,000 under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence, the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall
provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company,
evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder,
at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys
failure to timely deliver Conversion Shares upon conversion of this Debenture as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

(vi) Reservation
of Shares Issuable Upon Conversion. The Company covenants that it will at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized
and unissued shares of Common Stock for the sole purpose of issuance upon conversion of this Debenture and payment of interest on this
Debenture, each as herein provided, free from preemptive rights or any other actual contingent purchase rights of Persons other than the
Holder (and any other holders of the Debentures), not less than the Required Minimum. The Company covenants that all shares of Common
Stock that shall be so issuable shall, upon issue, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and, if the Registration
Statement is then effective under the Securities Act, shall be registered for public resale in accordance with such Registration Statement
(subject to such Holders compliance with its obligations under the Registration Rights Agreement).

(vii) Fractional
Shares. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the conversion of this Debenture. As to
any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such conversion, the Company shall at its election,
either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Conversion Price
or round up to the next whole share.

9

(viii) Transfer
Taxes and Expenses. The issuance of Conversion Shares on conversion of this Debenture shall be made without charge to the Holder hereof
for any documentary stamp or similar taxes that may be payable in respect of the issue or delivery of such Conversion Shares, provided
that the Company shall not be required to pay any tax that may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issuance and delivery
of any such Conversion Shares upon conversion in a name other than that of the Holder of this Debenture so converted and the Company shall
not be required to issue or deliver such Conversion Shares unless or until the Person or Persons requesting the issuance thereof shall
have paid to the Company the amount of such tax or shall have established to the satisfaction of the Company that such tax has been paid.
The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Conversion and all fees to the Depository
Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of
the Conversion Shares.

(d) Holders
Conversion Limitations. The Company shall not effect any conversion of this Debenture, and a Holder shall not have the right to convert
any portion of this Debenture, to the extent that after giving effect to the conversion set forth on the applicable Notice of Conversion,
the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the
Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)) would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned
by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of
this Debenture with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would
be issuable upon (i) conversion of the remaining, unconverted principal amount of this Debenture beneficially owned by the Holder or any
of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other securities
of the Company subject to a limitation on conversion analogous to the limitation contained herein (including, without limitation, any
other Debentures or the Warrants) beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth
in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 4(d), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section
13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section
4(d) applies, the determination of whether this Debenture is convertible (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together
with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which principal amount of this Debenture is convertible shall be in the sole discretion
of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Conversion shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Debenture
may be converted (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates or Attribution Parties) and which principal
amount of this Debenture is convertible, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation
to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall
be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes
of this Section 4(d), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, the Holder may rely on the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the
case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company, or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Companys
Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company
shall within one Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any
case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities
of the Company, including this Debenture, by the Holder or its Affiliates since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares
of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% of the number of shares of Common
Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock are issuable upon conversion of this Debenture.
The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 4(d),
provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately
after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon conversion of this Debenture held by the Holder and the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 4(d) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation
will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions
of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section
4(d) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership
Limitation contained herein or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations
contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Debenture.

10

Section 5. Certain Adjustments.

(a) Share
Dividends and Share Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Debenture is outstanding: (i) pays a share dividend or otherwise
makes a distribution or distributions payable in shares of Common Stock on shares of Common Stock or any Common Stock Equivalents (which,
for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock are issued by the Company upon conversion of, or payment of interest
on, the Debentures), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way
of a reverse share split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares or (iv) issues, in the event of a reclassification
of shares of Common Stock or any capital shares of the Company, then the Conversion Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the
numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Company) outstanding immediately before
such event, and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event. Any adjustment
made pursuant to this Section shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled
to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision,
combination or re-classification.

(b) Subsequent
Equity Sales. If, at any time while this Debenture is outstanding, the Company or any Subsidiary, as applicable, sells or grants any
option to purchase, or otherwise issues, any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents entitling any Person to acquire shares
of Common Stock at an effective price per share that is lower than the then Conversion Price and/or the then Floor Price (such lower price,
the Base Conversion Price and such issuances, collectively, a Dilutive Issuance), then simultaneously
with the consummation of each Dilutive Issuance, the Conversion Price and/or the Floor Price, as applicable, shall be reduced to equal
the Base Conversion Price (subject to adjustment for reverse and forward share splits, recapitalizations and similar transactions following
the date of the Purchase Agreement); provided, for the avoidance of doubt, the effect of any adjustment to the Conversion Price
and/or Floor Price pursuant to this Section 5(b) shall be to reduce and not increase the Conversion Price and/or Floor Price, as
applicable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no adjustment will be made under this Section 5(b) in respect of an Exempt Issuance.
If the Company enters into a Variable Rate Transaction, despite the prohibition set forth in the Purchase Agreement, the Company shall
be deemed to have issued shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents at the lowest possible conversion price at which such securities
may be converted or exercised. The Company shall notify the Holder in writing, no later than the Trading Day following the issuance of
shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents subject to this Section 5(b), indicating therein the applicable issuance price,
or applicable reset price, exchange price, conversion price and other pricing terms (such notice, the Dilutive Issuance Notice).
For purposes of clarification, whether or not the Company provides a Dilutive Issuance Notice pursuant to this Section 5(b), upon
the occurrence of any Dilutive Issuance, the Holder is entitled to receive a number of Conversion Shares based upon the Base Conversion
Price on or after the date of such Dilutive Issuance, regardless of whether the Holder accurately refers to the Base Conversion Price
in the Notice of Conversion.

(c) Subsequent
Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 5(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues
or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase shares, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders
of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the
terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the
number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of this Debenture (without regard to any limitations on exercise
hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for
the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares
of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that, to the
extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such
s Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for
the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

11

(d) Pro
Rata Distributions. During such time as this Debenture is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other
distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise
(including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, shares or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off,
reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution),
at any time after the issuance of this Debenture, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable
upon complete conversion of this Debenture (without regard to any limitations on conversion hereof, including without limitation, the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is
taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution
(provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result
in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the
portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would
not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

(e) Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time while this Debenture is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related
transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company (and all of its Subsidiaries,
taken as a whole), directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of
all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender
offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of shares of Common Stock are
permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50%
or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects
any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the shares of Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which
the shares of Common Stock are effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly
or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without
limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby
such other Person or group acquires more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock
held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such
share purchase agreement or other business combination) (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent
conversion of this Debenture, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Conversion Share that would have been issuable upon
such conversion immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 4(d)
on the conversion of this Debenture), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company,
if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as
a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Debenture is convertible immediately
prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 4(d) on the conversion of this Debenture). For
purposes of any such conversion, the determination of the Conversion Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate
Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one (1) share of Common Stock in such Fundamental
Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Conversion Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting
the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of shares of Common Stock are given any choice
as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as
to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any conversion of this Debenture following such Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall
cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity)
to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under the Debentures and the other Transaction Documents (as defined in the
Purchase Agreement) in accordance with the provisions of this Section 5(e) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and
shall, at the option of the holder of this Debenture, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Debenture a security of the Successor
Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Debenture which is convertible for a corresponding
number of capital shares of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable
upon conversion of this Debenture (without regard to any limitations on the conversion of this Debenture) prior to such Fundamental Transaction,
and with a conversion price which applies the conversion price hereunder to such capital shares (but taking into account the relative
value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such capital shares, such number of capital
shares and such conversion price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Debenture immediately prior to the consummation
of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any
such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental
Transaction, the provisions of this Debenture and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead
to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company
under the Debentures and the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company
herein.

12

(f) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 5 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be.
For purposes of this Section 5, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall
be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Company) issued and outstanding.

(g) Notice
to the Holder.

(i) Adjustment
to Conversion Price. Whenever the Conversion Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 5, the Company shall
promptly deliver to the Holder a notice setting forth the Conversion Price after such adjustment and setting forth a brief statement of
the facts requiring such adjustment.

(ii) Notice
to Allow Conversion by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common
Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall
authorize the granting to all holders of the shares of Common Stock of rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any capital shares
of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any shareholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification
of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (and all of its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole) is a party, any
sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is
converted into other securities, cash or property or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation
or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be filed at each office or agency maintained
for the purpose of conversion of this Debenture, and shall cause to be delivered to the Holder at its last address as it shall appear
upon the Debenture Register, at least twenty (20) calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified,
a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants,
or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the shares of Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend,
distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger,
sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the
shares of Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable
upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange, provided that the failure to deliver such notice
or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such
notice. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company
or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form
8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to convert this Debenture during the 20-day period commencing on the date of such notice through
the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

13

Section 6. Mandatory Prepayment; Redemption.

(a) Mandatory
Prepayment. If, at any time prior to the full repayment or full conversion of all amounts owed under this Debenture, the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries receives cash proceeds from the issuance of equity or indebtedness (other than the issuance of other Debentures),
in one or more financing transactions, whether publicly offered or privately arranged (including, without limitation, pursuant to the
Arena ELOC), the Company shall, within one (1) Business Day of the Company or the applicable Subsidiarys receipt of such proceeds,
inform the Holder of such receipt via written notice (a Mandatory Prepayment Notice), whereupon the Holder shall have the
right in its sole discretion to require, by written notice to the Company delivered within five (5) Business Days of the Holders
receipt of any such Mandatory Prepayment Notice, that the Company immediately apply, up to thirty percent (30%) of the gross cash proceeds
received from the applicable financing transaction to redeem a portion of the outstanding principal amount of this Debenture for cash
in an amount equal to the sum of (1) 120% of the portion of the outstanding principal amount of this Debenture being be redeemed plus
100% of accrued but unpaid interest thereon and (2) all liquidated damages and other amounts then due in respect of the Debenture (a Mandatory
Prepayment Exercise Notice). The Company shall, within one (1) Business Day of the Companys receipt of a Mandatory Prepayment
Exercise Notice, use the portion of the gross cash proceeds received from the applicable financing transaction indicated in the Mandatory
Prepayment Exercise Notice (not to exceed 30%) to redeem the Companys then outstanding obligations under the Debentures as provided
in this Section 6(a); provided, such gross cash proceeds shall be applied to redeem all of the Debentures then outstanding pro rata in
proportion to the respective outstanding principal amount of each Debenture at the time the Holder delivers the applicable Mandatory Prepayment
Exercise Notice.

(b) Optional
Redemption at Election of Company.

(i) Subject
to the provisions of this Section 6(b), the Company may deliver a notice to the Holder at any time (an Optional Redemption
Notice, and the date such notice is deemed delivered hereunder, the Optional Redemption Notice Date) of
its irrevocable election to redeem all or any portion of the then outstanding principal amount of this Debenture for cash in an amount
(i) equal to the sum of (1)(x) if such Optional Redemption Notice Date occurs before the date that is 12 months following the Original
Issue Date, 120% of the portion of the outstanding principal amount of this Debenture elected to be redeemed or (y) if such Optional Redemption
Notice Date occurs on or following the date that is 12 months following the Original Issue Date, 120% of the portion of the outstanding
principal amount of this Debenture elected to be redeemed; plus (2) 100% of accrued but unpaid interest thereon; plus (3) all liquidated
damages and other amounts then due in respect of the Debenture (the Optional Redemption Amount) on the 30th calendar
day following the Optional Redemption Notice Date (such date, the Optional Redemption Date, and such redemption,
the Optional Redemption); provided, notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, the Company
may not deliver an Optional Redemption Notice at a time when an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.

(ii) The
Optional Redemption Amount shall be payable in full on the Optional Redemption Date. If the Company elects to redeem this Debenture pursuant
to this Section 6 or any other Debenture, it shall redeem all outstanding Debentures in full simultaneously by paying the Holder
the applicable Optional Redemption Amount payable with respect to all outstanding Debentures on the same Optional Redemption Date. If
any portion of the Optional Redemption Amount payable in respect of an Optional Redemption shall not be paid by the Company by the applicable
due date, interest shall accrue thereon at an interest rate equal to the lesser of two (2%) per annum or the maximum rate permitted by
applicable law until such amount is paid in full. Notwithstanding anything herein contained to the contrary, if any portion of the Optional
Redemption Amount remains unpaid after such date, the Holder may elect, by written notice to the Company given at any time thereafter,
to invalidate such Optional Redemption, ab initio, and, with respect to the Companys failure to honor the Optional Redemption,
the Company shall have no further right to exercise such Optional Redemption. The Holder may elect to convert the outstanding principal
amount of the Debenture pursuant to Section 4 prior to actual payment in cash for any redemption under this Section 6 by
the delivery of a Notice of Conversion to the Company. The Company covenants and agrees that it will honor all Notices of Conversion tendered
from the time of delivery of the Optional Redemption Notice through the date all amounts owing thereon are due and paid in full.

14

Section 7. Negative
Covenants. As long as any portion of this Debenture remains outstanding, unless the Holder shall have otherwise given prior written
consent, the Company shall not, and shall not permit any direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Company to, directly or indirectly:

(a) other
than Permitted Indebtedness, enter into, create, incur, assume, guarantee or suffer to exist any indebtedness for borrowed money of any
kind, including, but not limited to, a guarantee, on or with respect to any of its property or assets now owned or hereafter acquired
or any interest therein or any income or profits therefrom;

(b) other
than Permitted Liens, enter into, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Liens of any kind, on or with respect to any of its property
or assets now owned or hereafter acquired or any interest therein or any income or profits therefrom;

(c) amend
its charter documents, including, without limitation, its certificate of incorporation or memorandum of association, and articles of association
or bylaws, as applicable, in any manner that materially and adversely affects any rights of the Holder;

(d) repay,
repurchase or offer to repay, repurchase or otherwise acquire more than a de minimis number of shares of Common Stock or Common
Stock Equivalents other than as to (i) the Conversion Shares or Commitment Shares as permitted or required under the Transaction Documents
and (ii) repurchases of shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents of departing officers and directors of the Company, provided
that such repurchases shall not exceed an aggregate of $100,000 for all officers and directors during the term of this Debenture;

(e) repay,
repurchase or offer to repay, repurchase or otherwise acquire any Indebtedness, other than (i) the Debentures if on a pro-rata basis,
(ii) regularly scheduled principal and interest payments of Indebtedness outstanding as of the Execution Date in accordance with the terms
thereof as in effect as of the Execution Date and (iii) regularly scheduled principal and interest payments of Permitted Indebtedness
pursuant to the terms thereof; provided that payments pursuant to the foregoing clauses (ii) and (iii) shall not be permitted if, at such
time, or after giving effect to such payment, any Event of Default exists or occurs;

(f) pay
cash dividends or distributions on any equity securities of the Company;

(g) enter
into any transaction with any Affiliate of the Company which would be required to be disclosed in any public filing with the Commission,
unless such transaction is made on an arms-length basis and expressly approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of
the Company (even if less than a quorum otherwise required for board approval);

(h) sell,
dispose, assign, exchange, gift, lease, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise transfer, directly or indirectly, in one transaction or a series
of transactions, any material portion of its assets outside the ordinary course of business;

(i) engage
in any line of business substantially different from (i) those lines of business conducted by the Company and its Subsidiaries on the
date hereof or (ii) any business substantially related or incidental, complementary, corollary, synergistic or ancillary thereto or reasonable
extensions thereof; or

(j) enter
into any agreement with respect to any of the foregoing.

15

Section 8. Events of Default.

(a) Event
of Default means, wherever used herein, any of the following events (whatever the reason for such event and whether such event
shall be voluntary or involuntary or effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court, or any order,
rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body):

(i) any
default in the payment of (A) the principal amount of any Debenture or (B) interest, liquidated damages, any Floor Price Spread Amount,
and/or any other amounts owing to a Holder on any Debenture, as and when the same shall become due and payable (whether on a Conversion
Date, Share Delivery Date, Optional Redemption Date, or the Maturity Date or by acceleration or otherwise, as applicable) which default,
solely in the case of an interest payment or other payment default under clause (B) above, is not cured within three (3) Trading Days;

(ii) the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries shall fail to observe or perform any other covenant or agreement contained in this Debenture (other
than a breach by the Company of its obligations to deliver shares of Common Stock to the Holder upon conversion, which breach is addressed
in clause (xi) below) or in any other Transaction Document, which failure is not cured, if possible to cure, within the earlier to occur
of (A) five (5) Trading Days after notice of such failure sent by the Holder or by any other Holder to the Company and (B) ten (10) Trading
Days after the Company has become or should have become aware of such failure;

(iii) any
representation or warranty made by or on behalf of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers in this Debenture,
any other Transaction Document, or any written statement, report, financial statement or certificate pursuant hereto or thereto shall
be untrue or incorrect in any material respect as of the date when made or deemed made;

(iv) the
Company or any Subsidiary shall default on any of its obligations under any mortgage, credit agreement or other facility, indenture agreement,
factoring agreement or other instrument under which there may be issued, or by which there may be secured or evidenced, any indebtedness
for borrowed money or money due under any long term leasing or factoring arrangement that (a) involves an obligation greater than $250,000
whether such indebtedness now exists or shall hereafter be created, and (b) results in such indebtedness becoming or being declared due
and payable prior to the date on which it would otherwise become due and payable;

(v) the
Company or any Subsidiary shall default on any of its obligations under any other material agreement, lease, document or instrument to
which the Company or any Subsidiary is obligated (and not covered by clause (v) above), which default is not cured, if possible to cure,
within the earlier of (A) five (5) Trading Days after notice of such default sent by the Holder or by any other Holder to the Company
and (B) ten (10) Trading Days after the Company has become or should have become aware of such default;

(vi) the
Common Stock shall not be eligible for listing or quotation for trading on a Trading Market and shall not be eligible to resume listing
or quotation for trading thereon within five (5) Trading Days;

(vii) the
Company (and all of its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole) shall be a party to any Change of Control Transaction or Fundamental Transaction;

16

(viii) the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries shall sell dispose, assign, exchange, gift, lease, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise transfer, directly
or indirectly, in one transaction or a series of transactions, any material asset, undertaking or business outside of the ordinary course
of business, without the prior written consent of the Holder;

(ix) the
Registration Statement (as defined in applicable Registration Rights Agreement) covering shares issuable upon exercise hereunder shall
not have been declared effective by in accordance with the applicable Registration Rights Agreement or the Company does not meet the current
public information requirements under Rule 144 in respect of the Registrable Securities (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement);

(x) if,
during an Effectiveness Period (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement), either (a) the effectiveness of any Registration Statement
lapses for any reason or (b) the Holder shall not be permitted to resell Registrable Securities (as defined in the Registration Rights
Agreement) under a Registration Statement for a period of more than 20 consecutive Trading Days or 30 non-consecutive Trading Days during
any 12 month period; provided, however, that if the Company is negotiating a merger, consolidation, acquisition or sale
of all or substantially all of its assets or a similar transaction and, in the written opinion of counsel to the Company, a Registration
Statement would be required to be amended to include information concerning such pending transaction(s) or the parties thereto which information
is not available or may not be publicly disclosed at the time, the Company shall be permitted an additional 10 consecutive Trading Days
during any 12 month period pursuant to this Section 8(a)(x);

(xi) the
Company shall fail for any reason to deliver Conversion Shares to a Holder prior to the third Trading Day after a Conversion Date pursuant
to Section 4(c) or the Company shall provide at any time notice to the Holder, including by way of public announcement, of the
Companys intention to not honor requests for conversions of any Debentures in accordance with the terms hereof;

(xii) the
electronic transfer by the Company of any shares of Common Stock through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing
corporation is no longer available or is subject to a chill; provided however, that the Company may cure any chill
within two (2) Trading Days prior to such chill being deemed an Event of Default hereunder;

(xiii) any
monetary judgment, writ or similar final process shall be entered or filed against the Company, any subsidiary or any of their respective
property or other assets for more than $250,000, and such judgment, writ or similar final process shall remain unvacated, unbonded or
unstayed for a period of 45 calendar days;

(xiv) the
Company or any Significant Subsidiary (as such term is defined in Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X) shall be subject to a Bankruptcy Event;

(xv) the
Company or any Significant Subsidiary shall attempt to liquidate or dissolve itself without the prior written consent of the Holder;

17

(xvi) any
corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step is taken in relation to: (a) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of
any indebtedness, winding up, dissolution, administration or reorganization (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or
otherwise) of the Company or any Significant Subsidiary; (b) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor of
the Company or any Significant Subsidiary; (c) the appointment of a liquidator, receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory
manager or other similar officer in respect of the Company or any Subsidiary or any of their assets; (d) enforcement of any Lien over
any assets of the Company or any Significant Subsidiary; or (e) or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction in relation
to the foregoing.

(xvii) the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries shall: (i) apply for or consent to the appointment of, or the taking of possession by, a receiver,
custodian, trustee or liquidator of itself or of all or a substantial part of its property or assets; (ii) make a general assignment for
the benefit of its creditors; (iii) commence a voluntary case under the United States Bankruptcy Code (as now or hereafter in effect)
or under the comparable laws of any jurisdiction (foreign or domestic); (iv) file a petition seeking to take advantage of any bankruptcy,
insolvency, moratorium, reorganization or other similar law affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally; (v) acquiesce in
writing to any petition filed against it in an involuntary case under United States Bankruptcy Code (as now or hereafter in effect) or
under the comparable laws of any jurisdiction (foreign or domestic); (vi) issue a notice of bankruptcy or winding down of its operations
or issue a press release regarding same; or (vii) take any action under the laws of any jurisdiction (foreign or domestic) analogous to
any of the foregoing;

(xviii) a
proceeding or case shall be commenced in respect of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, without its application or consent, in any
court of competent jurisdiction, seeking: (i) the liquidation, reorganization, moratorium, dissolution, winding up, or composition or
readjustment of its debts; (ii) the appointment of a trustee, receiver, custodian, liquidator or the like of it or of all or any substantial
part of its assets in connection with the liquidation or dissolution of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; or (iii) similar relief
in respect of it under any law providing for the relief of debtors, and such proceeding or case described in clause (i), (ii) or (iii)
shall continue undismissed, or unstayed and in effect, for a period of forty-five (45) days or any order for relief shall be entered in
an involuntary case under United States Bankruptcy Code (as now or hereafter in effect) or under the comparable laws of any jurisdiction
(foreign or domestic) against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or action under the laws of any jurisdiction (foreign or domestic)
analogous to any of the foregoing shall be taken with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and shall continue undismissed,
or unstayed and in effect for a period of forty-five (45) days; or

(xix) any
Significant Subsidiary is not or ceases to be a Subsidiary of the Company.

(b) .Remedies
Upon Event of Default. If any Event of Default occurs, then the Holder may, by written notice to the Company, declare the entire outstanding
principal amount of this Debenture, plus accrued but unpaid interest, liquidated damages and all other amounts then owing in respect thereof
to be forthwith due and payable immediately in cash at the Mandatory Default Amount, whereupon the entire principal amount of this Debenture,
all such accrued and unpaid interest, liquidated damages and all such other amounts shall become forth with due and payable immediately
in cash at the Mandatory Default Amount without presentment, demand, protest or further notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly
waived by the Company, and the Holder may immediately and without expiration of any grace period enforce any and all of its rights and
remedies hereunder and all other remedies available to it under applicable law; provided however, that in the case of any Event
of Default pursuant to clause (xvi), (xvii) or (xviii) of Section 8(a), the entire outstanding principal amount of this
Debenture, plus accrued but unpaid interest, liquidated damages and all other amounts then owing in respect thereof shall automatically
become and be due and payable in cash at the Mandatory Default Amount, without presentment, demand, protest or any notice of any kind,
all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Company.

18

Section 9. Miscellaneous.

(a) Notices.
All notices, requests, demands, and other communications provided for hereunder must be in writing and will be deemed to have been duly
given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the date of transmission shown in a delivery confirmation report generated by the senders
email system which indicates that delivery of the email to the recipients email address has been completed, if such notice or communication
is sent via e-mail prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Business Day; (b) the next Business Day after the date of transmission
shown in a delivery confirmation report generated by the senders email system which indicates that delivery of the email to the
recipients email address has been completed, if such notice or communication is sent via e-mail on a day that is not a Business
Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Business Day; (c) the second Business Day following the date of mailing, if sent
by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be
given, addressed as follows:

If to the Company:

Reborn Coffee, Inc.

580 N. Berry Street

Brea, CA 92821

Attention:

Email: []

If to the Holder:

[Holder]

405 Lexington Avenue, 59th Floor New
York, NY 10174

Attention: Yoav Stramer, Director

e-mail: ystramer@arenaco.com

or as to the Company or the Holder, at
such other address as shall be designated by such party in a written notice to the other party delivered in accordance with this Section
9(a).

(b) Amendments.
This Debenture and any provision hereof may only be amended by an instrument in writing signed by the Company and the Holder. The term
Debenture and all references thereto, as used throughout this instrument, shall mean this instrument as originally
executed, or if later amended or supplemented, then as so amended or supplemented.

(c) Assignability.
This Debenture shall be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns, and shall inure to be the benefit of the Holder and its
successors and assigns. The Company shall not assign this Debenture or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent
of the Holder. The Holder may, without the consent of the Company, assign its rights hereunder (i) to any of its affiliates,
as that term is defined under the Exchange Act, and (ii) solely during the continuance of any Event of Default, to any other Person. The
Companys prior written consent, not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, shall be required for the Holder to assign
its rights hereunder to any Person that is not one of its affiliates, as that term is defined under the Exchange Act during
any period in which an Event of Default is not then continuing. Notwithstanding anything in this Debenture to the contrary, this Debenture
may be pledged as collateral in connection with a bona fide margin account or other lending arrangement. The Holder and any assignee,
by acceptance of this Debenture, acknowledge and agree that following conversion of a portion of this Debenture, the unpaid and unconverted
outstanding principal amount of this Debenture represented by this Debenture may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

19

(d) Absolute
Obligation. Except as expressly provided herein, no provision of this Debenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company,
which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of, liquidated damages and accrued interest, as applicable, on this Debenture
at the time, place, and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed. This Debenture is a direct debt obligation of the Company.
This Debenture ranks pari passu with all other Debentures now or hereafter issued under the terms set forth herein.

(e) Lost
or Mutilated Debenture. If this Debenture shall be mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall execute and deliver, in
exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation of a mutilated Debenture, or in lieu of or in substitution for a lost, stolen or destroyed
Debenture, a new Debenture for the principal amount of this Debenture so mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, but only upon receipt of
evidence of such loss, theft or destruction of such Debenture, and of the ownership hereof, reasonably satisfactory to the Company.

(f) Governing
Law; Submission to Jurisdiction; Waivers. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this
Debenture shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without regard
to the principles of conflict of laws thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretation, enforcement
and defense of the transactions contemplated by any of the Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective
Affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, employees or agents) shall be commenced in the state and federal courts sitting in the
City of New York, Borough of Manhattan (the New York Courts). Each party hereto hereby irrevocably submits to the
exclusive jurisdiction of the New York Courts for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction
contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably
waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of
such New York Courts, or such New York Courts are improper or inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives
personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via
registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it
under this Debenture and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing
contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by applicable law. Each
party hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal
proceeding arising out of or relating to this Debenture or the transactions contemplated hereby.

(g) Waiver.
Any waiver by the Company or the Holder of a breach of any provision of this Debenture shall not operate as or be construed to be a waiver
of any other breach of such provision or of any breach of any other provision of this Debenture. The failure of the Company or the Holder
to insist upon strict adherence to any term of this Debenture on one or more occasions shall not be considered a waiver or deprive that
party of the right thereafter to insist upon strict adherence to that term or any other term of this Debenture on any other occasion.
Any waiver by the Company or the Holder must be in writing.

20

(h) Severability.
If any provision of this Debenture is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the balance of this Debenture shall remain in effect, and if
any provision is inapplicable to any Person or circumstance, it shall nevertheless remain applicable to all other Persons and circumstances.
If it shall be found that any interest or other amount deemed interest due hereunder violates the applicable law governing usury, the
applicable rate of interest due hereunder shall automatically be lowered to equal the maximum rate of interest permitted under applicable
law. The Company covenants (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) that it shall not at any time insist upon, plead, or in any manner
whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any stay, extension or usury law or other law which would prohibit or forgive the
Company from paying all or any portion of the principal of or interest on this Debenture as contemplated herein, wherever enacted, now
or at any time hereafter in force, or which may affect the covenants or the performance of this Debenture, and the Company (to the extent
it may lawfully do so) hereby expressly waives all benefits or advantage of any such law, and covenants that it will not, by resort to
any such law, hinder, delay or impede the execution of any power herein granted to the Holder, but will suffer and permit the execution
of every such as though no such law has been enacted.

(i) Remedies,
Characterizations, Other Obligations, Breaches and Injunctive Relief. The remedies provided in this Debenture shall be cumulative
and in addition to all other remedies available under this Debenture and any of the other Transaction Documents at law or in equity (including
a decree of specific performance and/or other injunctive relief), and nothing herein shall limit the Holders right to pursue actual
and consequential damages for any failure by the Company to comply with the terms of this Debenture. The Company covenants to the Holder
that there shall be no characterization concerning this instrument other than as expressly provided herein. Amounts set forth or provided
for herein with respect to payments, conversion and the like (and the computation thereof) shall be the amounts to be received by the
Holder and shall not, except as expressly provided herein, be subject to any other obligation of the Company (or the performance thereof).
The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder and that the remedy
at law for any such breach may be inadequate. The Company therefore agrees that, in the event of any such breach or threatened breach,
the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to an injunction restraining any such breach or any such threatened
breach, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required. The Company shall provide
all information and documentation to the Holder that is requested by the Holder to enable the Holder to confirm the Companys compliance
with the terms and conditions of this Debenture.

(j) Next
Business Day. Whenever any payment or other obligation hereunder shall be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall
be made on the next succeeding Business Day.

(k) Headings.
The headings contained herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Debenture and shall not be deemed to limit or
affect any of the provisions hereof.

(l) Payments.
So long as the Maturity Date has not yet occurred and the Debenture has not been accelerated, payments made hereunder (other than payments
effected pursuant to any conversion of the Debenture) shall be applied, (i) first, to reimbursable expenses of the Holder and liquidated
damages then due and payable hereunder and/or pursuant to any other Transaction Documents, and (ii) then payments matching specific scheduled
payments then due shall be applied to those scheduled payments. At any time after the Maturity Date or after the Debenture has been accelerated,
all payments remitted to the Holder by the Company and all proceeds of the collateral securing the Companys obligations hereunder
or any enforcement action (including any payments by any guarantors of the Companys obligations hereunder) received by the Holder
shall be applied as follows: (i) first, to the reimbursable expenses of the Holder, indemnity claims of the Holder and liquidated damages
then due and payable to the Holder hereunder and/or pursuant to any other Transaction Documents, (ii) second, to pay interest due and
payable in respect of the Debenture until paid in fall, (iii) third, to pay principal of the Debenture until paid in full; (iv) fourth,
to pay any other obligations then due in respect of the Debenture or any other Transaction Documents; and (v) lastly, to the Company or
such other Person entitled thereto under applicable law.

21

(m) Costs
and Expenses. The Company agrees to pay the Holder, immediately upon written notice from the Holder, all out-of- pocket costs, expenses,
and disbursements, including without limitation, legal expenses and attorneys fees incurred by the Holder in connection with: (i)
the collection, attempted collection, or negotiation and documentation of any settlement or workout of any payment due hereunder, (ii)
enforcement of this Debenture or any other Transaction Document (including without limitation, any costs and expenses of any third party
provider engaged by the Holder for such purpose), (iii) collection, protection, or enforcement of any rights of the Holder in the collateral
securing the Companys obligations hereunder, and (iv) any suit or proceeding whatsoever in regard to this Debenture or the protection
or enforcement of the lien of any instrument securing this Debenture, including, without limitation, in connection with any litigation,
mediation, bankruptcy or administrative proceeding, and including any appellate proceeding or judicial or non-judicial foreclosure proceeding
in connection therewith.

(n) Secured
Obligations. The obligations of the Company under the Debentures are secured by (i) a pledge of all assets of the Company and the
Subsidiaries pursuant to the terms of the Security Agreement (ii) the Guarantee and (iii) the other Security Documents.

(o) Guaranteed
Obligations. The obligations of the Company under the Debentures are guaranteed by each Subsidiary pursuant to the Guarantee (as amended,
amended and restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time).

Section 10. New
Subsidiaries. If the Company or any Subsidiary forms or acquires any new direct or indirect Subsidiary, or any Subsidiary merges,
amalgamates, or consolidates with or into any other Person and such Subsidiary is not the surviving entity as a result of such merger,
amalgamation, or consolidation (any such surviving entity, a Surviving Entity), the Company agrees to, or to cause
such Subsidiary or Surviving Entity to, concurrently with such formation, acquisition, merger, amalgamation or consolidation, as applicable,
(i) provide notice to the Holder of such formation, acquisition, merger, amalgamation or consolidation, (ii) cause such newly formed or
acquired Subsidiary or Surviving Entity to become a party to the Subsidiary Guarantee pursuant to an assumption agreement in form and
substance acceptable to the Holder, and (iii) execute and/or deliver, and/or cause such newly formed or acquired Subsidiary or Surviving
Entity and any other applicable Subsidiary to execute and/or deliver, such other agreements or documents as are determined by the Holder
to be necessary or advisable in order for all of the capital shares in such newly formed or acquired Subsidiary or Surviving Entity to
be pledged as additional collateral for the obligations of the Company under the Debentures and for such newly formed or acquired Subsidiary
or Surviving Entity to pledge all of its assets as additional collateral for the obligations of the Company under the Debentures, and
(iv) deliver to the Holder an opinion of counsel in form and substance acceptable to the Holder addressing, among other things, the due
authorization, due execution and delivery and enforceability of the foregoing documents with respect to such Subsidiary or Surviving Entity.

Section 11. Disclosure.
Upon receipt or delivery by the Company or any Subsidiary of any notice in accordance with the terms of this Debenture, unless the Company
has in good faith determined that the matters relating to such notice do not constitute material, nonpublic information relating to the
Company or its Subsidiaries, the Company shall within two (2) Business Days after such receipt or delivery publicly disclose such material,
nonpublic information on a Current Report on Form 8-K or otherwise. In the event that the Company believes that a notice contains material,
non-public information relating to the Company or its Subsidiaries, the Company so shall indicate to the Holder contemporaneously with
delivery of such notice, and in the absence of any such indication, the Holder shall be allowed to presume that all matters relating to
such notice do not constitute material, nonpublic information relating to the Company or its Subsidiaries.

*********************

(Signature Page Follows)

22

IN WITNESS
WHEREOF, the Company has caused this 10% Original Issue Discount Secured Convertible Debenture to be duly executed by a duly authorized
officer as of the date first above indicated.

REBORN COFFEE, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: Chief Executive Officer

23

ANNEX A NOTICE OF CONVERSION

The below referenced holder
(the Holder) of the 10% Original Issue Discount Secured Convertible Debenture issued on and due 
20263 of Reborn Coffee, Inc., a Delaware corporation (together with its successors and assigns, the Company),
hereby elects to convert the below referenced amounts owing thereunder into shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the
Common Stock), of the Company according to the conditions hereof, as of the date written below. If shares of Common Stock
are to be issued in the name of a person other than the Holder, the Holder will pay all transfer taxes payable with respect thereto and
is delivering herewith such certificates and opinions as reasonably requested by the Company in accordance therewith. No fee will be
charged to the Holder for any conversion, except for such transfer taxes, if any.

By the delivery of this Notice
of Conversion the Holder represents and warrants to the Company that its ownership of shares of Common Stock does not exceed the amounts
specified under Section 4 of this Debenture, as determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act.

The Holder agrees to comply
with the prospectus delivery requirements under the applicable securities laws in connection with any transfer of the aforesaid shares
of Common Stock.

Holder:

Conversion calculations:

Date to Effect Conversion:

Principal Amount of Debenture to be Converted:

Number of shares of Common Stock to be
issued:

Signature:

Name:

Address for Delivery of Certificates
for shares of Common Stock:

Or

DWAC Instructions:

Broker No: ____________

Account No: ___________

3 18 months from the First Closing Date.

24
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea023633101ex10-3_reborn.htm
<DESCRIPTION>GLOBAL AMENDMENT TO 10% ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT SECURED CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURES BY AND BETWEEN REBORN COFFEE, INC. AND THE ARENA INVESTORS, DATED MARCH 28, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

GLOBAL AMENDMENT TO 10% ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT
SECURED COVERTIBLE DEBENTURES

This GLOBAL AMENDMENT TO 10%
Original Issue Discount Secured Convertible Debentures (this Amendment) is dated effective as of March 28,
2025, by and between Reborn Coffee, Inc., a Delaware Corporation (the Company) and each of the investors
party hereto (each, an Investor and together with the Company, the Parties).

WHEREAS, the Company issued and delivered
to each of Arena Special Opportunities (Offshore) Master II, LP, and Arena Special Opportunities Partners III, LP, a 10% Original Issue
Discount Secured Convertible Debentures dated as of February 10, 2025 and subsequently issued to each of the foregoing a 10% Original
Issue Discount Secured Convertible Debentures, dated as of February 26, 2025 (each, a Debentures); and

WHEREAS, the Company and each Investor
would like to amend each Investors Debentures in certain respects.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the
premises and the mutual covenants of the parties hereinafter expressed and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, each intending to be legally bound, agree as follows:

1. Recitals. The recitations set forth
in the preamble of this Amendment are true and correct and incorporated herein by this reference.

2. Capitalized Terms. All capitalized terms
used in this Amendment shall have the same meaning ascribed to them in the Debentures, except as otherwise specifically set forth herein.

3. Conflicts. In the event of any conflict
or ambiguity by and between the terms and provisions of this Amendment and the terms and provisions of the Debentures, the terms and provisions
of this Amendment shall control, but only to the extent of any such conflict or ambiguity.

4. Amendment to each Debenture. Section
6(a) of each Debenture is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following language:

(a) Mandatory
Prepayment. If, at any time prior to the full repayment or full conversion of all amounts owed under this Debenture, the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries receives cash proceeds from the issuance of equity or indebtedness (other than the issuance of other Debentures),
in one or more financing transactions, whether publicly offered or privately arranged (including, without limitation, pursuant to the
Arena ELOC), the Company shall, within one (1) Business Day of the Company or the applicable Subsidiarys receipt of such proceeds,
inform the Holder of such receipt via written notice (a Mandatory Prepayment Notice), whereupon the Holder shall have the
right in its sole discretion to require, by written notice to the Company delivered within five (5) Business Days of the Holders
receipt of any such Mandatory Prepayment Notice, that the Company immediately apply, up to thirty percent (30%) of the gross cash proceeds
received from the applicable financing transaction to redeem a portion of the outstanding principal amount of this Debenture for cash
in an amount equal to the sum of (1) 120% of the portion of the outstanding principal amount of this Debenture being be redeemed plus
100% of accrued but unpaid interest thereon and (2) all liquidated damages and other amounts then due in respect of the Debenture (a Mandatory
Prepayment Exercise Notice). The Company shall, within one (1) Business Day of the Companys receipt of a Mandatory Prepayment
Exercise Notice, use the portion of the gross cash proceeds received from the applicable financing transaction indicated in the Mandatory
Prepayment Exercise Notice (not to exceed 30%) to redeem the Companys then outstanding obligations under the Debentures as provided
in this Section 6(a); provided, such gross cash proceeds shall be applied to redeem all of the Debentures then outstanding pro rata in
proportion to the respective outstanding principal amount of each Debenture at the time the Holder delivers the applicable Mandatory Prepayment
Exercise Notice.

8. Not a Novation. This Amendment is a
modification of each Debenture only and not a novation.

9. Effect on each Debenture and Transaction
Documents. Except as expressly amended by this Amendment, all of the terms and provisions of each Debenture and the Transaction Documents
shall remain and continue in full force and effect after the execution of this Amendment, are hereby ratified and confirmed, and incorporated
herein by this reference.

10. Execution. This Amendment may be executed
in one or more counterparts, all of which taken together shall be deemed and considered one and the same Amendment. In the event that
any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or by e-mail delivery of a .pdf format file or other similar format
file, such signature shall be deemed an original for all purposes and shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing
same with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or .pdf signature page was an original thereof.

[signature page follows]

2

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have duly executed this Amendment as of the day and year first above written.

REBORN COFFEE, INC.

By: /s/ Jay Kim

Name: Jay Kim

Title: Chief Executive Officer

ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED:

ARENA SPECIAL OPPORTUNITIES (OFFSHORE) MASTER II, LP

By: /s/ Lawrence Cutler

Name: Lawrence Cutler

Title: Authorized Signatory

ARENA SPECIAL OPPORTUNITIES PARTNERS III, LP

By: /s/ Lawrence Cutler

Name: Lawrence Cutler

Title: Authorized Signatory
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea023633101ex10-4_reborn.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT TO SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT BY AND BETWEEN REBORN COFFEE, INC. AND THE ARENA INVESTORS DATED MARCH 28, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.4

AMENDMENT TO SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This AMENDMENT TO SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT
(this Amendment), dated as of March 28, 2025, by and between REBORN COFFEE, INC., a Delaware corporation (the
Company), and each of, ARENA SPECIAL OPPORTUNITIES (OFFSHORE) MASTER II, LP, and ARENA SPECIAL OPPORTUNITIES
PARTNERS III, LP (each, an Investor and together, the Investors).

WHEREAS:

A. The
Company and the Investors executed and delivered that certain Securities Purchase Amendment, dated as of February 6, 2025 (the Purchase
Agreement);

B. The
Company and the Investors wish to the amend the Purchase Agreement in certain respects relating to the terms of the third closing thereunder.

NOW THEREFORE, the
Company and the Investors severally (and not jointly) hereby agree as follows:

1. AMENDMENT.
The Purchase Agreement is hereby amended by deleting Exhibit A thereto and replacing the same with Exhibit A hereto.

2. AFFIRMATION. The
Company hereby affirms all of its obligations to the Investor under all of the Purchase Agreement, this Amendment, the Debentures
issued prior to the date hereof and agrees and affirms as follows: (i) that as of the date hereof, the Company has performed,
satisfied and complied in all material respects with all the covenants, agreements and conditions under each of Purchase Agreement,
and the Debentures issued prior to the date hereof to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company; (ii) that the Company
shall continue to perform each and every covenant, agreement and condition set forth in each of the Purchase Agreement, this
Amendment, and the Debentures issued prior to the date hereof and continue to be bound by each and all of the terms and provisions
thereof and hereof; (iii) that as of the date hereof, no default or Event of Default has occurred or is continuing under Purchase
Agreement, this Amendment, or the Debentures issued prior to the date hereof, and no event has occurred that, with the passage of
time, the giving of notice, or both, would constitute a default or an Event of Default under the Purchase Agreement, this Amendment,
or the Debentures issued prior to the date hereof; and (iv) that as of the date hereof, no event, fact, or other set of
circumstances has occurred which could reasonably be expected to have, cause, or result in a Material Adverse Effect.

3. RATIFICATION.
The Company hereby acknowledges, represents, warrants and confirms to Investor that: (i) each of the Purchase Agreement, this Amendment,
and the Debentures issued prior to the date hereof are valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in
accordance with their respective terms; and (ii) no oral representations, statements, or inducements have been made by Investor, or any
agent or representative of Investor, with respect to the Purchase Agreement, this Amendment, or the Debentures issued prior to the date
hereof.

4. HOLDER
CONDUCT. As of the date of this Amendment, the Company hereby acknowledges and admits that: (i) the Investor has acted in good faith
and has fulfilled and fully performed all of its obligations under or in connection with the Purchase Agreement and the Initial Debenture
or any other related documents; and (ii) that there are no other promises, obligations, understandings or agreements with respect to the
Purchase Agreement, or the Debentures issued prior to the date hereof or any other document, except as expressly set forth herein, or
in the Purchase Agreement, and the Initial.

5. GOVERNING
LAW; MISCELLANEOUS.

a. Governing
Law; Jurisdiction and Venue. This Amendment shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware
without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated
by the Purchase Agreement, this Amendment, the Debentures issued prior to the date hereof, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument
or document contemplated hereby or thereby shall be brought and enforced in the New York Supreme Court, County of New York, or in the
United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. The Company and the Investor irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction
of such courts, which jurisdiction shall be exclusive, and hereby waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction or that such courts
represent an inconvenient forum. The prevailing party in any such action shall be entitled to recover its reasonable and documented attorneys
fees and out-of-pocket expenses relating to such action or proceeding.

b. Recitals.
The recitations set forth in the preamble of this Amendment are true and correct and incorporated herein by this reference.

c. Capitalized
Terms. All capitalized terms used in this Amendment shall have the same meaning ascribed to them in the Purchase Agreement, except
as otherwise specifically set forth herein.

d. Representations
and Warranties. The Company hereby confirms and affirms that all representations and warranties made under the Purchase Agreement
and the Debentures issued prior to the date hereof (specifically including under Section 3 of the Purchase Agreement) are true, correct
and complete as of the date Purchase Agreement and hereby confirm and affirm that all such representations and warranties remain true,
correct and complete as of the date of this Amendment, and by this reference, the Company does hereby re-make each and every one of such
representations and warranties herein as of the date of this Amendment, as if each and every one of such representations and warranties
was set forth and re-made in its entirety in this Amendment by the Company, as same may be qualified by revised disclosure schedules attached
to this Amendment, if any (if no revised disclosures are attached to this Amendment, then no such revised disclosure schedules shall be
deemed to exist or to qualify any of the representations and warranties hereby re-made).

e. Organizational
and Authorization Documents. The Company shall have executed and delivered a certificate of an officer thereof certifying and attaching
(a) resolutions of the Companys board of directors, approving and authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment
and each of the documents and agreements contemplated in connection herewith; and (b) a good standing certificate in the state of organization
of the Company and in each other state requested by Investor; which officer certifies to be true and complete, and in full force and effect
without modification, it being understood that Investor may conclusively rely on each such document and certificate until formally advised
by the Company of any changes therein.

2

f. Effect
on Purchase Agreement. Except as expressly amended by this Amendment, all of the terms and provisions of the Purchase Agreement shall
remain and continue in full force and effect after the execution of this Amendment, are hereby ratified and confirmed, and incorporated
herein by this reference.

g. Counterparts;
Signatures by Facsimile. This Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but
all of which shall constitute one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and
delivered to the other party. This Amendment, once executed by a party, may be delivered to the other party hereto by facsimile transmission
of a copy of this Amendment bearing the signature of the party so delivering this Amendment.

h. Construction;
Headings. This Amendment shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and the Investor and shall not be construed against
any person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Amendment are for convenience of reference only and shall not form part of, or
affect the interpretation of, this Amendment.

i. Severability.
In the event that any provision of this Amendment is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision
shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or
rule of law. Any provision hereof which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability
of any other provision hereof.

j. Entire
Agreement; Amendments. The Purchase Agreement, this Amendment, the Debentures issued prior to the date hereof, the Transaction Documents
and the instruments referenced herein contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the matters covered herein and therein
and, except as specifically set forth herein or therein, neither the Company nor the Investor makes any representation, warranty, covenant
or undertaking with respect to such matters. No provision of this Amendment may be waived or amended other than by an instrument in writing
signed by the majority in interest of the Investor.

k. Notices.
All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing as provided
in the Purchase Agreement.

3

l. Successors
and Assigns. This Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and assigns.

m. Third
Party Beneficiaries. This Amendment is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and
assigns, and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other person.

n. Survival.
The representations and warranties of the Company and the agreements and covenants set forth in this Amendment shall survive the closing
hereunder not withstanding any due diligence investigation conducted by or on behalf of the Investor. The Company agrees to indemnify
and hold harmless the Investor and all their officers, directors, employees and agents for loss or damage arising as a result of or related
to any breach or alleged breach by the Company of any of its representations, warranties and covenants set forth in the Purchase Agreement,
this Amendment, and the Debentures issued prior to the date hereof or any of its covenants and obligations under the Purchase Agreement,
this Amendment, or the Debentures issued prior to the date hereof, including advancement of expenses as they are incurred.

o. Further
Assurances. Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute
and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other party may reasonably request in order to
carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Amendment and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

p. No
Strict Construction. The language used in this Amendment will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their
mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party.

[signature page follows]

4

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
Investors and the Company have caused this Amendment to be duly executed as of the date first above written.

REBORN COFFEE, INC. 

By: /s/ Jay Kim 

Name: Jay Kim 

Title: CEO 

ARENA SPECIAL OPPORTUNITIES (OFFSHORE) MASTER II, LP 

By: /s/ Lawrence Cutler 

Name: Lawrence Cutler 

Title: Authorized Signatory 

ARENA SPECIAL OPPORTUNITIES PARTNERS III, LP 

By: /s/ Lawrence Cutler 

Name: Lawrence Cutler 

Title: Authorized Signatory 

EXHIBIT A

[REPLACEMENT FORM OF DEBENTURE]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>rebn-20250328.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>rebn-20250328_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>rebn-20250328_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 28, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 28, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41479

Entity Registrant Name REBORN COFFEE, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001707910

Entity Tax Identification Number 47-4752305

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 580 N. Berry Street

Entity Address, City or Town Brea

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 92821

City Area Code 714

Local Phone Number 784-6369

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $0.0001 par
value

Trading Symbol REBN

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://reborncoffee.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0236331-8k_reborn.htm 
rebn-20250328.xsd 
rebn-20250328_lab.xml 
rebn-20250328_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-026268-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>ea0236331-8k_reborn_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001707910 

2025-03-28 
2025-03-28 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001707910 
8-K 
2025-03-28 
REBORN COFFEE, INC. 
DE 
001-41479 
47-4752305 
580 N. Berry Street 
Brea 
CA 
92821 
714 
784-6369 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.0001 par value 
REBN 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>