<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-061392.txt : 20250324
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-061392.hdr.sgml : 20250324
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250324163539
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-061392
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250324
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250324
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250324

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CONSOLIDATED EDISON INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001047862
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC & OTHER SERVICES COMBINED [4931]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		EIN:				133965100
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14514
		FILM NUMBER:		25764605

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4 IRVING PLACE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10003
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8005225635

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4 IRVING PLACE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10003

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CONSOLIDATED EDISON CO OF NEW YORK INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000023632
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC & OTHER SERVICES COMBINED [4931]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		EIN:				135009340
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-01217
		FILM NUMBER:		25764606

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4 IRVING PL
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10003
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2124604600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4 IRVING PL
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10003
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d916286d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

00010478620000023632false00010478622025-03-242025-03-240001047862ed:ConsolidatedEdisonCompanyofNewYorkInc.Member2025-03-242025-03-24

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

8-K

CURRENT REPORT 

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) 

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 24, 2025

Consolidated Edison, Inc. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

New York 

1-14514 

13-3965100

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

4 Irving Place, New York, New York 

10003

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: 

(212) 460-4600

Consolidated Edison Company of New York, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

New York 

1-1217 

13-5009340

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

4 Irving Place, New York, New York 

10003

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: 

(212) 460-4600

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 

8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: 

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) 

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 

14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 

240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 

14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 

240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 

13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 

240.13e-4(c))

Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Consolidated Edison, Inc., ED New York Stock Exchange

Common Shares ($.10 par value) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 

12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

(240.12b-2 of this chapter). 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

INFORMATION TO BE INCLUDED IN THE REPORT 

Item 1.01 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement 

On March 24, 2025, Consolidated Edison Company of New York, Inc. (CECONY) entered into a 

364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of March 24, 2025 (the Credit Agreement), among CECONY, the lenders party thereto (the Lenders) and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, that replaces a separate 

CECONY 364-Day Credit Agreement that expired on March 24, 2025. A copy of the Credit Agreement is included as an exhibit to this report, and the description of the Credit Agreement that follows is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Credit Agreement. 

Under the Credit Agreement, the Lenders committed to provide loans, on a revolving credit basis, to CECONY in an aggregate amount of up to $500 million. CECONY intends to use the Credit Agreement to support its commercial paper program. Loans issued under the Credit Agreement may also be used for other general corporate purposes. Any borrowings under the Credit Agreement would generally be at variable interest rates. Interest and fees for loans under the Credit Agreement generally reflect CECONYs credit rating. 

The Lenders commitments to make loans to CECONY under the Credit Agreement terminate on March 23, 2026 and are subject to certain conditions, including that there be no event of default or event which with notice or the lapse of time would become an event of default with respect to CECONY. The commitments are not subject to maintenance of credit rating levels or the absence of a material adverse change. Upon a change of control of CECONY or of its parent, Consolidated Edison, Inc. (Con Edison), or upon an event of default by CECONY, the Lenders may terminate their commitments and declare the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the loans outstanding (together with accrued interest thereon and all other amounts due and owing thereunder) under the Credit Agreement immediately due and payable. 

Events of default include, among other things, CECONYs failure to pay any principal of any loan issued pursuant to the Credit Agreement; CECONYs failure to pay any interest or fees pursuant to the Credit Agreement within five days; CECONYs failure to meet certain covenants, including covenants that CECONYs ratio of consolidated debt to consolidated total capital not at any time exceed 0.65 to 1 and that CECONY will not create, assume or suffer a lien or other encumbrance on its assets exceeding 10 percent of CECONYs consolidated net tangible assets; CECONY or its material subsidiaries failing to make one or more payments in respect of material financial obligations (in excess of $150 million in aggregate of debt or derivative obligations other than non-recourse debt); the occurrence of an event or condition which results in the acceleration of the maturity of any material debt (in excess of $150 million in aggregate of debt 

other than non-recourse debt) or enables the holders of such debt to accelerate the maturity thereof; and other customary events of default. 

Item 2.03 

Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant 

The information set forth in Item 1.01 above is incorporated herein by reference. 

The information in this report includes forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements reflect information available and assumptions at the time the statements are made, and accordingly speak only as of that time. Actual results or developments might differ materially from those included in the forward-looking statements because of various factors including, but not limited to, those identified in reports each of Con Edison and CECONY has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits 

(d) Exhibits 

Exhibit 10 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of March 24, 2025, among CECONY, the lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent 

Exhibit 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File The cover page iXBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document.

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

CONSOLIDATED EDISON, INC. CONSOLIDATED EDISON COMPANY OF NEW YORK, INC.

By: 

/s/ Joseph Miller

Joseph Miller

Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer

Date: March 24, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d916286dex10.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10
<TEXT>
EX-10

Exhibit 10 

EXECUTION VERSION 

$500,000,000 

364-DAY REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT 

dated as of 

March 24, 2025 

among

Consolidated Edison Company of New York, Inc., 

as Borrower 

The Lenders
Party Hereto 

and 

Bank of America, N.A., 

as Administrative Agent 

Citibank,
N.A., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., and Mizuho Bank, Ltd., as 

Syndication Agents 

Barclays Bank PLC and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, 

as Documentation Agents 

BofA
Securities, Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Citibank, N.A., Mizuho 

Bank, Ltd., Barclays Bank PLC and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,

as Joint Lead Arrangers and Bookrunners 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 

ARTICLE 1 

DEFINITIONS 

Section 1.01 . Definitions 1 

Section 1.02 . Accounting Terms and Determinations 18 

Section 1.03 . Types of Borrowings 19 

Section 1.04 . [Reserved] 19 

Section 1.05 . Division of LLCs 19 

Section 1.06 . Interest Rates 19 

Section 1.07 Times of Day 20 

ARTICLE 2 

THE CREDITS 

Section 2.01 . Commitments 20 

Section 2.02 . Notice of Borrowing 20 

Section 2.03 . [Reserved] 21 

Section 2.04 . Notice to Lenders; Funding of Loans 21 

Section 2.05 . Maturity of Loans 22 

Section 2.06 . Interest Rates 22 

Section 2.07 . Method of Electing Interest Rates 26 

Section 2.08 . Fees 28 

Section 2.09 . Termination or Reduction of Commitments 28 

Section 2.10 . Optional Prepayments 28 

Section 2.11 . General Provisions as to Payments 29 

Section 2.12 . Funding Losses 30 

Section 2.13 . Computation of Interest and Fees 30 

Section 2.14 . Notes; Evidence of Debt 30 

Section 2.15 . [Reserved] 31 

Section 2.16 . Change of Control 31 

Section 2.17 . [Reserved] 31 

Section 2.18 . [Reserved] 31 

Section 2.19 . [Reserved] 31 

Section 2.20 . Defaulting Lenders 31 

ARTICLE 3 

CONDITIONS 

Section 3.01 . Effectiveness 33 

Section 3.02 . Borrowings 34 

i 

ARTICLE 4 

REPRESENTATIONSAND WARRANTIES 

Section 4.01 . Corporate Existence and Power 35 

Section 4.02 . Corporate and Governmental Authorization; No Contravention 35 

Section 4.03 . Binding Effect 35 

Section 4.04 . Financial Information 35 

Section 4.05 . Litigation 36 

Section 4.06 . Compliance with ERISA 36 

Section 4.07 . Environmental Matters 36 

Section 4.08 . Taxes 37 

Section 4.09 . Subsidiaries 37 

Section 4.10 . Investment Company Status 37 

Section 4.11 . Full Disclosure 37 

Section 4.12 . Sanctions and Anti-Corruption Laws 37 

ARTICLE 5 

COVENANTS 

Section 5.01 . Information 38 

Section 5.02 . Payment of Obligations 40 

Section 5.03 . Maintenance of Property; Insurance 41 

Section 5.04 . Conduct of Business and Maintenance of Existence 41 

Section 5.05 . Compliance with Laws 42 

Section 5.06 . Inspection of Property, Books and Records 42 

Section 5.07 . Consolidations, Mergers and Transfers of Assets 42 

Section 5.08 . Use of Proceeds 43 

Section 5.09 . Negative Pledge 43 

Section 5.10 . Debt to Total Capital 44 

Section 5.11 . Transactions with Affiliates 44 

Section 5.12 . Sanctions; Anti-Corruption Laws 45 

ARTICLE 6 

DEFAULTS 

Section 6.01 . Events of Default 45 

Section 6.02 . Notice of Default 47 

ARTICLE 7 

THE AGENTS 

Section 7.01 . Appointment and Authorization 47 

Section 7.02 . Administrative Agent and Affiliates 47 

Section 7.03 . Action by Administrative Agent 48 

ii 

Section 7.04 . Consultation with Experts 48 

Section 7.05 . Liability of Administrative Agent 48 

Section 7.06 . Delegation of Duties 50 

Section 7.07 . Indemnification 50 

Section 7.08 . Credit Decision 51 

Section 7.09 . Successor Administrative Agent 51 

Section 7.10 . Administrative Agents Fee 52 

Section 7.11 . Other Agents 52 

Section 7.12 . Certain ERISA Matters 52 

Section 7.13 . Recovery of Erroneous Payments 54 

ARTICLE 8 

CHANGEIN CIRCUMSTANCES 

Section 8.01 . [Reserved] 54 

Section 8.02 . Illegality 54 

Section 8.03 . Increased Cost and Reduced Return 55 

Section 8.04 . Taxes 56 

Section 8.05 . Base Rate Loans Substituted for Affected Term SOFR Loans 61 

Section 8.06 . Substitution of Lender 61 

ARTICLE 9 

MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 9.01 . Notices 61 

Section 9.02 . No Waivers 63 

Section 9.03 . Expenses; Indemnification 63 

Section 9.04 . Set-offs; Sharing 64 

Section 9.05 . Amendments and Waivers 65 

Section 9.06 . Successors and Assigns 66 

Section 9.07 . [Reserved] 69 

Section 9.08 . No Reliance on Margin Stock 69 

Section 9.09 . Confidentiality 69 

Section 9.10 . Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction 70 

Section 9.11 . Counterparts; Integration 70 

Section 9.12 .WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 70 

Section 9.13 . USA PATRIOT Act Notice 70 

Section 9.14 . No Advisory or Fiduciary Duty 71 

Section 9.15 . Survival 71 

Section 9.16 . Electronic Execution; Electronic Records; Counterparts 71 

Section 9.17 . Electronic Execution of Assignments and Certain Other
Documents 73 

Section 9.18 . Acknowledgment And Consent To
Bail-in Of Affected Financial Institutions 73 

iii 

COMMITMENT SCHEDULE 

PRICING SCHEDULE 

SCHEDULE 9.01 Administrative
Agents Office; Certain Addresses for Notices 

EXHIBIT A Note

EXHIBIT B Notice of Borrowing

EXHIBIT C Notice of Interest Rate Election

EXHIBIT D [Reserved]

EXHIBIT E [Reserved]

EXHIBIT F Opinion of Counsel for Borrower

EXHIBIT G [Reserved]

EXHIBIT H-1 

U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate for Foreign

Lenders That Are Not Partnerships

EXHIBIT H-2 

U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate for Foreign

Participants That Are Not Partnerships

EXHIBIT H-3 

U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate for Foreign

Participants That Are Partnerships

EXHIBIT H-4 

U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate for Foreign

Lenders That Are Partnerships

EXHIBIT I Assignment and Assumption Agreement

iv 

364-DAY REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT 

AGREEMENT dated as of March 24, 2025 (this Agreement) among CONSOLIDATED EDISON COMPANY OF NEW YORK, INC., a New York
corporation, the LENDERS party hereto and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 

The parties hereto agree as follows: 

ARTICLE 1 

DEFINITIONS

Section 1.01. Definitions. The following terms, as used herein, have the following meanings: 

Administrative Agent means Bank of America, N.A., in its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders hereunder, and
its successors in such capacity. 

Administrative Agents Office means the Administrative Agents address and,
as appropriate, account as set forth on Schedule 9.01, or such other address or account as the Administrative Agent may from time to time notify to the Borrower and the Lenders. 

Administrative Questionnaire means, with respect to each Lender, an administrative questionnaire in the form prepared by
the Administrative Agent, completed by such Lender and returned to the Administrative Agent. 

Affected Financial
Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 

Affiliate
means (i) any Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls the Borrower (a Controlling Person) or (ii) any Person (other than the Borrower or a Subsidiary of the Borrower) which is
controlled by or is under common control with a Controlling Person. As used herein, the term control means possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a
Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. 

Agent means any of the
Administrative Agent, the Documentation Agents and the Syndication Agents, and Agents means any two or more of the foregoing. 

Agent Parties shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.01. 

1 

Anti-Corruption Laws shall mean all laws, rules and regulations of any
jurisdiction applicable to the Borrower or its Subsidiaries concerning or relating to bribery or anti-corruption. 

Approved
Fund means any Fund that is administered or managed by (i) a Lender, (ii) an affiliate of a Lender or (iii) an entity or an affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender. 

Assignment and Assumption Agreement has the meaning set forth in Section 9.06(b). 

Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the
applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 

Bail-In Legislation means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country
implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time that is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the
United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 

Bankruptcy Event means, with respect to any Person, such Person becomes the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency
proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, custodian, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with the reorganization or liquidation of its business appointed for it, or, in the good faith
determination of the Administrative Agent, has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any such proceeding or appointment, provided that (except with respect to a Lender that is
subject to a Bail-In Action) a Bankruptcy Event shall not result solely by virtue of any ownership interest, or the acquisition of any ownership interest, in such Person by a governmental authority or
instrumentality thereof, so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Person with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or
permit such Person (or such governmental authority or instrumentality) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made by such Person. 

2 

Base Rate means for any day a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the
highest of (a) the Federal Funds Rate plus 1/2 of 1%, (b) the rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by the Administrative Agent as its prime rate, (c) Term SOFR plus 1.00% and (d) 1.00%. The
prime rate is a rate set by the Administrative Agent based upon various factors including the Administrative Agents costs and desired return, general economic conditions and other factors, and is used as a reference point for
pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above, or below such announced rate. Any change in such prime rate announced by the Administrative Agent shall take effect at the opening of business on the day specified in the public announcement of such
change. If the Base Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 2.06(c), then the Base Rate shall be the greater of clauses (a), (b) and (d) above and shall be determined without reference to clause
(c) above. 

Base Rate Loan means a Loan which bears interest at a rate determined on the basis of the Base Rate
pursuant to the applicable Notice of Borrowing or Notice of Interest Rate Election or the provisions of Section 2.07(a) or Article 8. 

Base Rate Margin means the applicable rate per annum for Base Rate Loans determined in accordance with the Pricing
Schedule. 

Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is
subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code or (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of
Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan. 

Borrower means Consolidated Edison Company of New York, Inc., a New York corporation. 

Borrower Materials has the meaning set forth in Section 5.01. 

Borrowers 2024 Annual Report means the Borrowers Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, as filed with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act. 

Borrowing has the meaning set forth in Section 1.03. 

Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks are authorized to close
under the Laws of, or are in fact closed in, the state where the Administrative Agents Office is located. 

3 

Change in Law means the occurrence of any of the following: (a) the
adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation or application thereof by any governmental authority, or (c) the making or
issuance of any request, rules, guideline, requirement or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any governmental authority; provided, however, that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) the
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements and directives thereunder, issued in connection therewith or in implementation thereof, and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines,
requirements and directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to
Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law after the date hereof regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued or implemented. 

Change of Control means (i) if (A) any person or group of persons (within the meaning of Section 13 or 14 of the
Exchange Act) shall have acquired beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated by the SEC under said Act) of 40% or more of the outstanding shares of common stock of Holdings; or
(B) during any period of 12 consecutive calendar months, individuals (a) who were directors of Holdings on the first day of such period, (b) whose nomination or election as a Holdings director was approved by at least a majority
of such directors, or (c) who are serving as a Holdings director pursuant to Holdings emergency by-laws shall cease to constitute a majority of Holdings board of directors, or
(ii) if the Borrower ceases to be the Subsidiary of Holdings. 

CME means CME Group Benchmark Administration
Limited. 

Commitment means (i) with respect to each Lender listed on the Commitment Schedule, the amount set forth
opposite such Lenders name on the Commitment Schedule, (ii) [reserved] and (iii) with respect to any Eligible Assignee which becomes a Lender pursuant to Section 9.06(b), the amount of the transferor Lenders Commitment assigned
to it pursuant to Section 9.06(b), in each case as such amount may be changed from time to time pursuant to Section 2.09 or 9.06(b); provided that, if the context so requires, the term Commitment means the obligation of
a Lender to extend credit up to such amount to the Borrower hereunder. 

Commitment Schedule means the Commitment
Schedule attached hereto. 

Communication means this Agreement, any Loan Document and any document, any amendment,
approval, consent, information, notice, certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to any Loan Document. 

4 

Conforming Changes means, with respect to the use, administration of or
any conventions associated with SOFR or any proposed Successor Rate or Term SOFR, as applicable, any conforming changes to the definitions of Base Rate, SOFR, Term SOFR and Interest Period, timing and
frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and other technical, administrative or operational matters (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the definitions of Business Day and U.S. Government Securities
Business Day, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices and length of lookback periods) as may be appropriate, in the reasonable discretion of the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Borrower, to
reflect the adoption and implementation of such applicable rate(s) and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent, in consultation with
the Borrower, determines that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or that no market practice for the administration of such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent,
in consultation with the Borrower, determines is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and any other Loan Document). 

Consolidated Debt means, at any date, the Debt (other than Non-recourse Debt) of
the Borrower and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, determined on a consolidated basis as of such date. 

Consolidated Net Tangible
Assets means the aggregate amount of assets appearing on the consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Consolidated Subsidiaries (less applicable reserves and other properly deductible items) after deducting therefrom (a) to
the extent included therein, all goodwill, trade names, trademarks, patents, unamortized debt discount and expense and other like intangibles and (b) all current liabilities (other than current maturities of long-term Debt), all as set forth on
the books and records of the Borrower and its Consolidated Subsidiaries and determined in accordance with GAAP. 

Consolidated
Subsidiary means, at any date, any Subsidiary or other entity the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of the Borrower in its consolidated financial statements if such statements were prepared as of such date. 

Consolidated Total Capital means, at any date, the sum of (x) Consolidated Debt plus (y) consolidated
stockholders equity of the Borrower and its Consolidated Subsidiaries (including for this purpose any amount attributable to stock which is required to be redeemed or is redeemable at the option of the holder, if certain events or conditions
occur or exist or otherwise), in each case determined at such date. 

Credit Exposure means, with respect to any Lender
at any time, (i) the amount of its Commitment (whether used or unused) at such time or (ii) if its Commitment has terminated, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of its Loans at such time. 

5 

Daily Simple SOFR with respect to any applicable determination date means
the SOFR published on such date on the Federal Reserve Bank of New Yorks website (or any successor source). 

Debt
of any Person means, at any date, without duplication, (i) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money, (ii) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other similar instruments, (iii) all
obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services, except trade accounts payable arising in the ordinary course of business, (iv) all obligations of such Person as lessee which, as provided in
Section 1.02, are capitalized in accordance with GAAP, (v) all non-contingent obligations (and, for purposes of Section 5.09 and the definitions of Material Debt and Material Financial
Obligations, all contingent obligations) of such Person to reimburse any bank or other Person in respect of amounts paid under a letter of credit or similar instrument, (vi) all Debt secured by a Lien on any asset of such Person, whether or not
such Debt is otherwise an obligation of such Person, and (vii) all Guarantees by such Person of Debt of another Person (each such Guarantee to constitute Debt in an amount equal to the amount of such other Persons Debt Guaranteed
thereby). 

Debtor Relief Law means the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, and all other liquidation,
conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in
effect. 

Default means any condition or event which constitutes an Event of Default with respect to the Borrower or
which with the giving of notice or lapse of time or both would, unless cured or waived, become an Event of Default. 

Defaulting
Lender means any Lender that (a) has failed, within two Business Days of the date required to be funded or paid, to (i) fund any portion of its Loans or (ii) pay over to the Administrative Agent any other amount required to
be paid by it hereunder, unless, in the case of clause (i) above, such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent in writing that such failure is the result of such Lenders good faith determination that a condition precedent to funding
(specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) has not been satisfied, (b) has notified the Borrower or the Administrative Agent in writing, or has made a public statement to the effect, that it does not intend or expect
to comply with any of its funding obligations under this Agreement (unless such writing or public statement indicates that such position is based on such Lenders good faith determination that a condition precedent (specifically identified and

6 

including the particular default, if any) to funding a Loan under this Agreement cannot be satisfied) or generally under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit, (c) has
failed, within three Business Days after request by the Administrative Agent, acting in good faith, to provide a confirmation in writing that it will comply with its obligations to fund prospective Loans under this Agreement, provided that
such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon the Administrative Agents receipt of such confirmation in form and substance satisfactory to it, or (d) has become, or has a Parent that has become,
the subject of a Bankruptcy Event or a Bail-In Action. 

Derivatives Obligations
of any Person means all obligations of such Person in respect of any rate swap transaction, basis swap, forward rate transaction, commodity swap, commodity option, equity or equity index swap, equity or equity index option, bond option, interest
rate option, foreign exchange transaction, cap transaction, floor transaction, collar transaction, currency swap transaction, cross-currency rate swap transaction, currency option or any other similar transaction (including any option with respect
to any of the foregoing transactions) or any combination of the foregoing transactions. 

Disclosed Matters means the
matters disclosed in public filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission made by the Borrower or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries prior to the Effective Date on Form 8-K, Form 10-Q or Form 10-K. For the avoidance of doubt, the disclosure in such documents shall not be deemed to include any disclosure of Risk Factors or risks included in
any forward-looking statements disclaimer or any other statements that are similarly predictive or forward-looking in nature, but in each case, other than any specific factual information contained therein. 

Documentation Agents means each of Barclays Bank PLC and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, each in its capacity as a
documentation agent in respect of this Agreement. 

EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or
investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of
this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent;

EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 

EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public administrative
authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 

7 

Effective Date means the date the Commitments become effective in
accordance with Section 3.01. 

Eligible Assignee means (i) a Lender; (ii) an affiliate of a Lender;
(iii) an Approved Fund; and (iv) any other Person (other than the Borrower or any Affiliate or Subsidiary of the Borrower, a Defaulting Lender or any Affiliate or Subsidiary of a Defaulting Lender (or any Person who, upon becoming a Lender
hereunder, would constitute any of the foregoing Persons) or a natural Person (or holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of one or more natural Persons)) approved by the Administrative Agent
and, unless (x) such Person is taking delivery of an assignment in connection with physical settlement of a credit derivatives transaction or (y) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower (each such approval not to
be unreasonably withheld or delayed). If the consent of the Borrower to an assignment or to an Eligible Assignee is required hereunder (including a consent to an assignment which does not meet the minimum assignment thresholds specified in paragraph
(b)(i) of Section 9.06), the Borrower shall be deemed to have given its consent five Business Days after the date notice thereof has been delivered by the assigning Lender (through the Administrative Agent) unless such consent is expressly
refused by the Borrower prior to such fifth Business Day. 

Environmental Laws means any and all federal, state, local
and foreign statutes, laws, judicial decisions, regulations, ordinances, rules, judgments, orders, decrees, plans, injunctions, permits, concessions, grants, franchises, licenses, agreements and other governmental restrictions relating to the
environment or the effect of the environment on human health or to emissions, discharges or releases of pollutants, contaminants, Hazardous Substances or wastes into the environment, including (without limitation) ambient air, surface water, ground
water or land, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of pollutants, contaminants, Hazardous Substances or wastes or the
clean-up or other remediation thereof. 

ERISA means the Employee Retirement
Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, or any successor statute. 

ERISA Group means the Borrower, any Subsidiary of
the Borrower and all members of a controlled group of corporations and all trades or businesses (whether or not incorporated) that are treated as a single employer with the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower under Section 414 of the
Internal Revenue Code. 

8 

EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule
means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. 

Events of Default has the meaning set forth in Section 6.01. 

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time. 

Existing Revolving Credit Agreement means that certain Credit Agreement dated as of March 25, 2024 among the Borrower,
the lenders party thereto from time to time and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent. 

FATCA has the meaning
set forth in Section 8.04. 

Federal Funds Rate means, for any day, the rate per annum calculated by the Federal
Reserve Bank of New York based on such days federal funds transactions by depository institutions (as determined in such manner as the Federal Reserve Bank of New York shall set forth on its public website from time to time) and published on
the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York as the federal funds effective rate; provided that if the Federal Funds Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes
of this Agreement. 

FERC means the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. 

Fiscal Quarter means a fiscal quarter of the Borrower. 

Fiscal Year means a fiscal year of the Borrower. 

Fund means any Person (other than a natural Person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or
otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business. 

GAAP
means generally accepted accounting principles as in effect from time to time, applied on a basis consistent (except for changes concurred in by the Borrowers independent public accountants) with the most recent audited consolidated financial
statements of the Borrower and its Consolidated Subsidiaries delivered to the Lenders. 

Governmental Authority means
the government of the United States or any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive,
legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). 

9 

Guarantee by any Person means any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of
such Person directly or indirectly guaranteeing any Debt of any other Person and, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, any obligation, direct or indirect, contingent or otherwise, of such Person (i) to purchase or pay (or advance
or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Debt (whether arising by virtue of partnership arrangements, by virtue of an agreement to keep-well, to purchase assets, goods, securities or services, to take-or-pay, or to maintain financial statement conditions or otherwise), (ii) to reimburse a bank for amounts drawn under a letter of credit for the purpose of paying such Debt or (iii) entered into for
the purpose of assuring in any other manner the holder of such Debt of the payment thereof or to protect such holder against loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part), provided that the term Guarantee shall not include
endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business. The term Guarantee used as a verb has a corresponding meaning. 

Hazardous Substances means any toxic, radioactive, caustic or otherwise hazardous substance, including petroleum, its
derivatives and by-products and other hydrocarbons, or any substance having any constituent elements displaying any of the foregoing characteristics. 

Holdings means Consolidated Edison, Inc., a New York corporation and the sole common shareholder of the Borrower. 

Indemnitee has the meaning set forth in Section 9.03(b). 

Interest Period means as to each Term SOFR Loan, the period commencing on the date such Term SOFR Loan is disbursed or
converted to or continued as a Term SOFR Loan and ending on the date one, three or six months thereafter, as selected by the Borrower in its Notice of Borrowing or Notice of Interest Rate Election (in the case of each requested Interest Period,
subject to availability); provided that: 

(a) any Interest Period that would otherwise end on a day that is not a Business Day
shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless, in the case of a Term SOFR Loan, such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day; 

10 

(b) any Interest Period pertaining to a Term SOFR Loan that begins on the last Business Day
of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall, subject to clause (c) below, end on the last Business Day of the calendar month at the end of
such Interest Period; and 

(c) any Interest Period which would end after the Revolver Termination date shall end on the Revolver
Termination Date. 

Internal Revenue Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or any successor statute.

Joint Lead Arrangers means BofA Securities, Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Citibank, N.A., Mizuho Bank, Ltd.,
Barclays Bank PLC and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, each in its capacity as a joint lead arranger and bookrunner in respect of this Agreement. 

Lender means (i) each bank or other institution listed on the Commitment Schedule, (ii) each Eligible Assignee
which becomes a Lender pursuant to Section 9.06(b), (iii) each Person which becomes a Lender pursuant to Section 8.06 and (iii) their respective successors. 

Lending Office means, as to any Lender, the office or offices of such Lender described as such in such Lenders
Administrative Questionnaire, or such other office or offices as a Lender may from time to time notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent,which office may include any Affiliate of such Lender or any domestic or foreign branch of such
Lender or such Affiliate. Unless the context otherwise requires each reference to a Lender shall include its applicable Lending Office. 

Lien means, with respect to any asset, any mortgage, lien, pledge, charge, security interest or encumbrance of any kind, or
any other type of preferential arrangement that has substantially the same practical effect as a security interest, in respect of such asset. For purposes hereof, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall be deemed to own subject to a Lien any
asset which it has acquired or holds subject to the interest of a vendor or lessor under any conditional sale agreement, capital lease or other title retention agreement relating to such asset. 

Loan means a loan made or to be made by a Lender pursuant to Section 2.01(a); provided that, if any such loan
or loans (or portions thereof) are combined or subdivided pursuant to a Notice of Interest Rate Election, the term Loan shall refer to the combined principal amount resulting from such combination or to each of the separate principal
amounts resulting from such subdivision, as the case may be. 

Loan Document means this Agreement, including schedules
and exhibits hereto, each Note, and any amendments, modifications or supplements hereto or to any other Loan Document or waivers hereof or to any other Loan Document. 

11 

Material Adverse Effect means (i) a material adverse effect upon the
business, financial condition or results of operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; (ii) a material adverse effect on the ability of the Borrower to perform its obligations under this Agreement and the Notes; or
(iii) a material adverse effect on the rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders under this Agreement and the Notes. 

Material Debt means Debt (except (i) Debt of the Borrower outstanding hereunder and
(ii) Non-recourse Debt) of the Borrower and/or one or more of its Subsidiaries, arising in one or more related or unrelated transactions, in an aggregate principal or face amount exceeding $150,000,000.

Material Financial Obligations means a principal or face amount of Debt (other than (i) the Loans and (ii) Non-recourse Debt) and/or payment or collateralization obligations in respect of Derivatives Obligations of the Borrower and/or one or more of its Subsidiaries, arising in one or more related or unrelated
transactions, exceeding in the aggregate $150,000,000. 

Material Plan means, at any time, a Plan or Plans having
aggregate Unfunded Liabilities in excess of $150,000,000. 

Material Subsidiary means at any time, any Subsidiary of the
Borrower that is a significant subsidiary (as such term is defined in Regulation S-X of the SEC (17 C.F.R. 210.1-02(w) (or any successor provision)),
but treating all references therein to the registrant as references to the Borrower). 

Multiemployer Plan
means, at any time, an employee pension benefit plan within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA to which any member of the ERISA Group is then making or accruing an obligation to make contributions or has within the preceding five plan
years made contributions, including for these purposes any Person which ceased to be a member of the ERISA Group during such five-year period. 

Non-Defaulting Lender shall mean and include each Lender other than a Defaulting
Lender. 

Non-recourse Debt means Debt of any Subsidiary of the Borrower or any
other Person with respect to which such Subsidiary has granted any security interest, lien, mortgage, encumbrance, guarantee or other credit support of any kind: (a) as to which none of the Borrower or any other Subsidiary of the Borrower
(i) provides any guarantee of or credit support with respect to such Debt of any kind (including any undertaking, guarantee, indemnity, agreement or 

12 

instrument that would constitute Debt) or (ii) is directly or indirectly liable (as a guarantor or otherwise) (other than for fraud, misrepresentation, misapplication of funds, waste,
environmental claims, voluntary bankruptcy, collusive involuntary bankruptcy, prohibited transfers and violations of single purpose entity covenants), provided, for avoidance of doubt, normal and customary sponsor support arrangements (including,
without limitation, guarantees or letters of credit provided for project debt service, major maintenance or operations and maintenance reserves) existing on the Effective Date and additional such arrangements entered into or otherwise arising after
the Effective Date in an aggregate amount for such additional arrangements not to exceed $150,000,000 at any time outstanding, do not constitute guarantee or credit support with respect to, or direct or indirect liability for, such Debt, and
(b) no default with respect to which (including any rights that the holders thereof may have to take enforcement action against such Subsidiary or other Person) would permit (upon notice, lapse of time or both) any holder of any other Debt of
the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower to declare a default under such other Debt or cause the payment thereof to be accelerated or payable prior to its stated maturity. 

Notes means promissory notes of the Borrower, substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto, evidencing the obligation of
the Borrower to repay the Loans made to it, and Note means any one of such promissory notes issued hereunder. 

Notice of Borrowing means a notice of a Borrowing pursuant to Section 2.02, which shall be substantially in the form
of Exhibit B or such other form as may be approved by the Administrative Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and
signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. 

Notice of Interest Rate Election means a notice of (a) a
conversion of Loans from one type to the other or (b) a continuation of Term SOFR Loans, pursuant to Section 2.07, which shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit C or such other form as may be approved by the Administrative
Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. 

Other Taxes has the meaning set forth in Section 8.04(a). 

Parent means, with respect to any Lender, any Person controlling such Lender. 

Participant has the meaning set forth in Section 9.06(d). 

13 

Participant Register has the meaning set forth in Section 9.06(d).

PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or any entity succeeding to any or all of its functions under
ERISA. 

Percentage means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the percentage (carried out to the ninth decimal
place) which the amount of its Commitment at such time represents of the aggregate amount of all the Commitments at such time,subject to adjustment as provided in Section 2.20 when a Defaulting Lender shall exist. At any time after the
Commitments shall have terminated, the term Percentage shall refer to a Lenders Percentage immediately before such termination, adjusted to reflect any subsequent assignments pursuant to Section 9.06(b) and to any
Lenders status as a Defaulting Lender at the time of determination. The initial Percentage of each Lender is set forth opposite the name of such Lender on the Commitment Schedule attached hereto or in the Assignment and Assumption Agreement
pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable. 

Person means an individual, a corporation, a
limited liability company, a partnership, an association, a trust or any other entity or organization, including a government or political subdivision or an agency or instrumentality thereof. 

Plan means, at any time, an employee pension benefit plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) which is covered by Title IV of
ERISA or subject to the minimum funding standards under Section 412 of the Internal Revenue Code or Section 302 of ERISA and either (i) is maintained, or contributed to, by any member of the ERISA Group for employees of any member of
the ERISA Group or (ii) has at any time within the preceding five years been maintained, or contributed to, by any Person which was at such time a member of the ERISA Group for employees of any Person which was at such time a member of the
ERISA Group. 

Platform has the meaning set forth in Section 5.01. 

Public Lender has the meaning set forth in Section 5.01. 

Pricing Schedule means the Pricing Schedule attached hereto. 

PSC means the New York State Public Service Commission. 

PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be
amended from time to time. 

Quarterly Payment Dates means each March 31, June 30, September 30 and
December 31. 

14 

Regulation U means Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System, as in effect from time to time. 

Related Parties means, with respect to any Person, such Persons
Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees, administrators, managers, advisors and representatives of such Person and of such Persons Affiliates. 

Required Lenders means, at any time, Lenders having more than 50% in aggregate amount of the Credit Exposures at such time
(exclusive in each case of the Credit Exposure(s) of Defaulting Lenders). 

Rescindable Amount has the meaning as
defined in Section 2.04. 

Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK
Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 

Responsible Officer means the chief executive officer, chief
financial officer or treasurer of the Borrower and solely for purposes of the delivery of incumbency certificates pursuant to Section 3.01, the secretary or any assistant secretary of the Borrower and, solely for purposes of notices given
pursuant to Article 2, any other officer or employee of the Borrower so designated by any of the foregoing officers; provided that one of the foregoing officers has provided written notice to the Administrative Agent of such designation (in a
form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent). Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and/or
other action on the part of the Borrower and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of the Borrower. 

Revolver Termination Date means March 23, 2026. 

Revolving Credit Period means the period from and including the Effective Date to but not including the Revolver
Termination Date. 

Sanctions shall mean any economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes administered or enforced
by the United States Department of Treasurys Office of Foreign Assets Control, the United States Departments of State or Commerce or any other United States governmental authority, or any other relevant sanctions authority. 

Scheduled Unavailability Date shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.06(c)(ii)(B). 

SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

15 

SOFRmeans the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as administered by
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator). 

SOFR Adjustment with respect to Daily Simple SOFR
means 0.10% (10.0 basis points); and with respect to Term SOFR means 0.10% (10.0 basis points) for an Interest Period of one-months duration, 0.10% (10.0 basis points) for an Interest Period of
three-months duration and 0.10% (10.0 basis points) for an Interest Period of six-months duration. 

Subsidiary means, as to any Person, any corporation or other entity of which securities or other ownership interests having
ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors or other persons performing similar functions are at the time directly or indirectly owned by such Person. Unless otherwise specified, Subsidiary means a Subsidiary of
the Borrower. 

Successor Rate has the meaning specified in Section 2.06(c). 

Syndication Agents means Citibank, N.A., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Mizuho Bank, Ltd., each in its capacity as a
syndication agent in respect of this Agreement. 

Taxes has the meaning set forth in Section 8.04(a). 

Term SOFR means: 

(a) for any Interest Period with respect to a Term SOFR Loan, the rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR Screen Rate two U.S. Government
Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period with a term equivalent to such Interest Period; provided that if the rate is not published prior to 11:00 A.M. (New York City time) on such determination date then
Term SOFR means the Term SOFR Screen Rate on the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately prior thereto, in each case,plus the SOFR Adjustment for such Interest Period; and 

(b) for any interest calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan on any date, the rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR Screen Rate two U.S.
Government Securities Business Days prior to such date with a term of one month commencing that day; provided that if the rate is not published prior to 11:00 A.M. (New York City time) on such determination date then Term SOFR means the Term
SOFR Screen Rate on the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately prior thereto, in each case, plus the SOFR Adjustment for such term; 

16 

provided that if the Term SOFR determined in accordance with either of the foregoing provisions
(a) or (b) of this definition would otherwise be less than 0.00%, the Term SOFR shall be deemed 0.00% for purposes of this Agreement. 

Term SOFR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on clause (a) of the definition of Term SOFR. 

Term SOFR Screen Rate means the forward-looking SOFR term rate administered by CME (or any successor administrator
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) and published on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time). 

Term SOFR Margin means the applicable rate per annum for Term SOFR Loans determined in accordance with the Pricing
Schedule. 

Total Outstanding Amount means, at any time, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Loans of the
Borrower determined at such time after giving effect, if one or more Loans are being made at such time, to any substantially concurrent application of the proceeds thereof to repay one or more other Loans. 

UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended form time
to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes
certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 

UK
Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 

Unfunded Liabilities means, with respect to any Plan at any time, the amount (if any) by which (i) the value of all
benefit liabilities under such Plan, determined on a plan termination basis using the assumptions prescribed by the PBGC for purposes of Section 4044 of ERISA, exceeds (ii) the fair market value of all Plan assets allocable to such
liabilities under Title IV of ERISA (excluding any accrued but unpaid contributions), all determined as of the then most recent valuation date for such Plan, but only to the extent that such excess represents a potential liability of a member of the
ERISA Group to the PBGC or any other Person under Title IV of ERISA. 

United States means the United States of America.

17 

U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for
(a) a Saturday, (b) a Sunday or (c) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United
States government securities. 

U.S. Person means a United States person within the
meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Internal Revenue Code. 

U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning set
forth in Section 8.04(f)(iii). 

Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA
Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and
conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that
liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that
liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 

Section 1.02. Accounting Terms and Determinations. Unless otherwise specified herein, all accounting terms
used herein shall be interpreted, all accounting determinations hereunder shall be made, and all financial statements required to be delivered hereunder shall be prepared in accordance with GAAP; provided that, if the Borrower notifies the
Administrative Agent that the Borrower wishes to amend any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change in GAAP after the date hereof (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower that the Required Lenders wish to amend any
provision hereof for such purpose), then such provision shall be applied with respect to the Borrower on the basis of GAAP in effect immediately before the relevant change in GAAP became effective, until either such notice is withdrawn or such
provision is amended in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Borrower and the Required Lenders. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, for purposes of this Agreement, leases shall continue to be accounted for on a basis
consistent with that reflected in the financial statements of the Borrower for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017, and all calculations and deliverables under this Agreement shall be made or delivered, as applicable, in accordance with
such accounting. 

18 

Section 1.03. Types of Borrowings. The term
Borrowing denotes (i) the aggregation of Loans made or to be made by one or more Lenders pursuant to Article 2 on the same day, all of which Loans are of the same type (subject to Article 8) and, except in the case of Base
Rate Loans, have the same initial Interest Period or (ii) if the context so requires, the borrowing of such Loans. Borrowings are classified for purposes hereof by reference to the pricing of Loans comprising such Borrowing (e.g., a
Term SOFR Borrowing is a Borrowing comprised of Term SOFR Loans). 

Section 1.04. [Reserved]. 

Section 1.05. Division of LLCs. For all purposes under this Agreement, in connection with any division or
plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdictions laws): (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it
shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized on the first date of its existence by the holders
of its equity interests at such time. 

Section 1.06. Interest Rates. The Administrative Agent does not
warrant, nor accept responsibility, nor shall the Administrative Agent have any liability with respect to the administration, submission or any other matter related to any reference rate referred to herein or with respect to any rate (including, for
the avoidance of doubt, the selection of such rate and any related spread or other adjustment) that is an alternative or replacement for or successor to any such rate (including, without limitation, any Successor Rate) (or any component of any of
the foregoing) or the effect of any of the foregoing, or of any Conforming Changes. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions or other activities that affect any reference rate referred to
herein, or any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including, without limitation, any Successor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing) or any related spread or other adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the
Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain any reference rate referred to herein or any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including, without limitation, any
Successor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing), in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or
indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or other action or omission related to or affecting the selection,
determination, or calculation of any rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 

19 

Section 1.07Times of Day. Unless otherwise
specified herein, all references herein to times of day shall be references to New York City time (daylight or standard, as applicable). 

ARTICLE 2 

THE
CREDITS

Section 2.01. Commitments. 

(a) Loans. Each Lender severally agrees, on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, to make loans to the Borrower pursuant
to this Section from time to time during the Revolving Credit Period; provided that, immediately after each such loan is made, (i) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of such Lenders Loans to the Borrower shall not exceed
its Commitment and (ii) the Total Outstanding Amount shall not exceed the aggregate amount of the Commitments. Within the foregoing limits, the Borrower may borrow under this subsection, prepay Loans to the extent permitted by Section 2.10
and reborrow at any time during the Revolving Credit Period under this subsection. 

(b) Minimum Amounts. Each Borrowing under this
Section shall be in an aggregate principal amount of $5,000,000 or any larger multiple of $1,000,000 (except that any such Borrowing may be in the aggregate amount available within the limitations set forth above) and shall be made from the several
Lenders ratably in proportion to their respective Commitments. 

Section 2.02. Notice of Borrowing. The
Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent irrevocable notice of any Borrowing by (A) telephone or (B) a Notice of Borrowing; provided that any telephonic notice must be confirmed promptly by delivery to the Administrative Agent
of a Notice of Borrowing not later than (x) 10:30 A.M. (New York City time) on the date of each Base Rate Borrowing and (y) 11:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the second Business Day before each Term SOFR Borrowing, specifying: 

(a) the date of such Borrowing, which shall be a Business Day; 

(b) the aggregate amount of such Borrowing; 

(c) whether the Loans comprising such Borrowing are to bear interest initially at the Base Rate or Term SOFR; and 

(d) in the case of a Term SOFR Borrowing, the duration of the initial Interest Period applicable thereto, subject to the provisions of the
definition of Interest Period; 

20 

provided that, in the case of any Term SOFR Borrowing to be made on the Effective Date, the Borrower
shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent, concurrently with or prior to the delivery of the Notice of Borrowing in respect of such Borrowing, a duly executed funding indemnity letter in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the
Administrative Agent. 

Section 2.03. [Reserved.] 

Section 2.04. Notice to Lenders; Funding of Loans. (a) Promptly after receiving a Notice of Borrowing,
the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the contents thereof and of such Lenders share (if any) of such Borrowing and such Notice of Borrowing shall not thereafter be revocable by the Borrower. 

(b) Not later than 12:00 Noon (New York City time) on the date of each Borrowing, each Lender shall make available its share of such
Borrowing, in Federal or other funds immediately available in New York City, to the Administrative Agent at its address specified in or pursuant to Section 9.01. Unless the Administrative Agent determines that any applicable condition specified
in Article 3 has not been satisfied, the Administrative Agent will make the funds so received from the Lenders available to the Borrower at the Administrative Agents aforesaid address. 

(c) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender before the time of any Borrowing that such Lender will not make
available to the Administrative Agent such Lenders share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available to the Administrative Agent on the date of such Borrowing in accordance with
Section 2.04(b) and the Administrative Agent may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower on such date a corresponding amount. If and to the extent that such Lender shall not have so made such share available to the
Administrative Agent, such Lender and the Borrower severally agree to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount together with interest thereon, for each day from the date such amount is made available to the
Borrower until the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent, at (i) if such amount is repaid by the Borrower, a rate per annum equal to the higher of the Federal Funds Rate and the interest rate applicable to such Borrowing
pursuant to Section 2.06 and (ii) if such amount is repaid by such Lender, the Federal Funds Rate. If such Lender shall repay to the Administrative Agent such corresponding amount, the Borrower shall not be required to repay such amount
and the amount so repaid by such Lender shall constitute such Lenders Loan included in such Borrowing for purposes of this Agreement. The failure of any Lender to make available to the Administrative Agent such Lenders share of the
Borrowing hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligation to fund its own share of such Borrowing; provided that the Commitments of the Lenders are several and no Lender shall be responsible for any other Lenders failure to make
its Loan hereunder. 

21 

(d) With respect toany payment thatthe Administrative Agent makes for the
account of the Lenders hereunder as to which the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that any of the following applies (such payment referred to as the Rescindable
Amount): (1) the Borrower has not in fact made such payment; (2) the Administrative Agent has made a payment in excess of the amount so paid by the Borrower (whether or not then owed); or (3) the Administrative Agent has for any
reason otherwise erroneously made such payment; then each of the Lenders, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the Rescindable Amount so distributed to such Lender, in immediately available
funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the
Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. 

Section 2.05.
Maturity of Loans. Each Loan made during the Revolving Credit Period shall mature, and the principal amount thereof shall be due and payable (together with interest accrued thereon), on the Revolver Termination Date. 

Section 2.06. Interest Rates. (a) Each Base Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal
amount thereof, for each day from the date such Loan is made until it becomes due, at a rate per annum equal to the sum of the Base Rate Margin plus the Base Rate for such day. Such interest shall be payable quarterly in arrears on each Quarterly
Payment Date. Any overdue principal of or interest on any Base Rate Loan shall bear interest (after as well as before judgment), payable on demand, for each day until paid at a rate per annum equal to the sum of 2 % plus the Base Rate Margin
plus the Base Rate for such day. 

(b) Each Term SOFR Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof for each
Interest Period at a rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR for such Interest Period plus the Term SOFR Margin. Such interest shall be payable in arrears on the last day of each Interest Period applicable to such Loan (provided, in the case of
an Interest Period in excess of three months, such interest shall be payable on each date occurring at three-month intervals after the first day of such Interest Period) and the Revolver Termination Date. Any overdue principal of or interest on any
Term SOFR Loan shall bear interest (after as well as before judgment), payable on demand, for each day until paid at a rate per annum equal to the sum of 2% plus the Term SOFR Margin for such day plus the Term SOFR applicable to such Loan on the day
before such payment was due (or, if the circumstances described in Section 8.01 shall exist, at a rate per annum equal to the sum of 2% plus the Base Rate Margin plus the Base Rate for such day). 

22 

(c) Inability to Determine Rates. 

(i) If in connection with any request for a Term SOFR Loan or a conversion of Base Rate Loans to Term SOFR Loans or a
continuation of any of such Loans, as applicable, (i) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that (A) no Successor Rate has been determined in accordance with
Section 2.06(c)(ii), and the circumstances under clause (i) of Section 2.06(c)(ii) or the Scheduled Unavailability Date has occurred, or (B) adequate and reasonable means do not otherwise exist for determining Term SOFR for any
requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Term SOFR Loan or in connection with an existing or proposed Base Rate Loan, or (ii) the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders determine that for any reason that Term SOFR for any
requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Loan does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of funding such Loan, the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the Borrower and each Lender. 

Thereafter, (x) the obligation of the Lenders to make or maintain Term SOFR Loans, or to convert Base Rate Loans to Term
SOFR Loans, shall be suspended (to the extent of the affected Term SOFR Loans or Interest Periods), and (y) in the event of a determination described in the preceding sentence with respect to the Term SOFR component of the Base Rate, the
utilization of the Term SOFR component in determining the Base Rate shall be suspended, in each case until the Administrative Agent (or, in the case of a determination by the Required Lenders described in clause (ii) of this
Section 2.06(c)(i), until the Administrative Agent upon instruction of the Required Lenders) revokes such notice. 

Upon receipt of such notice, (i) the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a Borrowing of, or conversion to, or
continuation of Term SOFR Loans (to the extent of the affected Term SOFR Loans or Interest Periods) or, failing that, will be deemed to have converted such request into a request for a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans in the amount specified therein and
(ii) any outstanding Term SOFR Loans shall be deemed to have been converted to Base Rate Loans immediately at the end of their respective applicable Interest Period. 

23 

(ii) Replacement of Term SOFR or Successor Rate. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Documents, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error), or the Borrower or Required Lenders notify the Administrative Agent
(with, in the case of the Required Lenders, a copy to the Borrower) that the Borrower or Required Lenders (as applicable) have determined, that: 

(A) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining one month, three month and six month interest periods of Term
SOFR, including, without limitation, because the Term SOFR Screen Rate is not available or published on a current basis and such circumstances are unlikely to be temporary; or 

(B) CME or any successor administrator of the Term SOFR Screen Rate or a Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the
Administrative Agent or such administrator with respect to its publication of Term SOFR, in each case acting in such capacity, has made a public statement identifying a specific date after which one month, three month and six month interest periods
of Term SOFR or the Term SOFR Screen Rate shall or will no longer be made available, or permitted to be used for determining the interest rate of U.S. dollar denominated syndicated loans, or shall or will otherwise cease, provided that, at
the time of such statement, there is no successor administrator that is satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, that will continue to provide such interest periods of Term SOFR after such specific date (the latest date on which one month, three
month and six month interest periods of Term SOFR or the Term SOFR Screen Rate are no longer available permanently or indefinitely, the Scheduled Unavailability Date); 

then, on a date and time determined by the Administrative Agent (any such date, the Term SOFR Replacement
Date), which date shall be at the end of an Interest Period or on the relevant interest payment date, as applicable, for interest calculated and, solely with respect to clause (ii) above, no later than the Scheduled Unavailability
Date, Term SOFR will be replaced hereunder and under any Loan Document with Daily Simple SOFR plus the SOFR Adjustment for any payment period for interest calculated that can be determined by the Administrative Agent, in each case, without
any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document (the Successor Rate). 

If the Successor Rate is Daily Simple SOFR plus the SOFR Adjustment, all interest payments will be payable on a monthly basis.

24 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, (i) if the
Administrative Agent determines that Daily Simple SOFR is not available on or prior to the Term SOFR Replacement Date, or (ii) if the events or circumstances of the type described in Section 2.06(c)(ii)(A) or (B) have occurred with
respect to the Successor Rate then in effect, then in each case, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower may amend this Agreement solely for the purpose of replacing Term SOFR or any then current Successor Rate in accordance with this
Section 2.06(c) at the end of any Interest Period, relevant interest payment date or payment period for interest calculated, as applicable, with an alternative benchmark rate giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention
for similar U.S. dollar denominated credit facilities syndicated and agented in the United States for such alternative benchmark. and, in each case, including any mathematical or other adjustments to such benchmark giving due consideration to any
evolving or then existing convention for similar U.S. dollar denominated credit facilities syndicated and agented in the United States for such benchmark, which adjustment or method for calculating such adjustment shall be published on an
information service as selected by the Administrative Agent from time to time in its reasonable discretion and may be periodically updated. For the avoidance of doubt, any such proposed rate and adjustments, shall constitute a Successor
Rate. Any such amendment shall become effective at 5:00 p.m. on the fifth Business Day after the Administrative Agent shall have posted such proposed amendment to all Lenders and the Borrower unless, prior to such time, Lenders comprising
the Required Lenders have delivered to the Administrative Agent written notice that such Required Lenders object to such amendment. 

The Administrative Agent will promptly (in one or more notices) notify the Borrower and each Lender of the implementation of
any Successor Rate. 

Any Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner consistent with market practice; provided that
to the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, such Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner as otherwise reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent. 

Notwithstanding anything else herein, if at any time any Successor Rate as so determined would otherwise be less than 0.00%,
the Successor Rate will be deemed to be 0.00% for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

25 

In connection with the implementation of a Successor Rate, the
Administrative Agent will have the right, to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective
without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement; provided that, with respect to any such amendment effected, the Administrative Agent shall post each such amendment implementing such Conforming Changes to the
Borrower and the Lenders reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective. 

For purposes of this
Section 2.06(c), those Lenders that either have not made, or do not have an obligation under this Agreement to make, the relevant Loans in Dollars shall be excluded from any determination of Required Lenders. 

Section 2.07. Method of Electing Interest Rates. (a) The Loans included in each Borrowing shall bear
interest initially at the type of rate specified by the Borrower in the applicable Notice of Borrowing. Thereafter, the Borrower may from time to time elect to change or continue the type of interest rate borne by each Base Rate Loan and each Term
SOFR Loan with respect to which the last day of the Interest Period is the same day (subject to Section 2.07(d) and the provisions of Article 8), as follows: 

(i) if such Loan is a Base Rate Loan, the Borrower may elect to convert such Loan to a Term SOFR Loan as of any Business Day;
and 

(ii) if such Loan is a Term SOFR Loan, the Borrower may elect to convert such Loan to a Base Rate Loan as of any
Business Day or elect to continue such Loan as a Term SOFR Loan for an additional Interest Period, subject to Section 2.12 if any such conversion is effective on any day other than the last day of an Interest Period applicable to such Loan.

Each such election shall be made by (A) telephone or (B) a Notice of Interest Rate Election; provided that any
telephonic notice must be confirmed promptly by delivery to the Administrative Agent of a Notice of Interest Rate Election not later than 1:00 P.M. (New York City time) on the second Business Day before the conversion or continuation selected in
such notice is to be effective. A Notice of Interest Rate Election may, if it so specifies, apply to only a portion of the aggregate principal amount of the relevant Base Rate Loans or Term SOFR Loans with respect to which the last day of the
Interest Period is the same day; provided that the portion to which such Notice applies, and the remaining portion to which it does not apply, are each at least $5,000,000 (unless such portion is comprised of Base Rate Loans). 

26 

(b) Each Notice of Interest Rate Election shall specify: 

(i) the Loans (or portion thereof) to which such notice applies (which Loans shall be Base Rate Loans or Term SOFR Loans with
respect to which the last day of the Interest Period is the same day); 

(ii) the date on which the conversion or
continuation selected in such notice is to be effective, which shall comply with the applicable clause of Section 2.07(a) above; 

(iii) if the applicable Loans are to be converted, the new type of Loans and, if the Loans resulting from such conversion are
to be Term SOFR Loans, the duration of the next succeeding Interest Period applicable thereto; and 

(iv) if such Loans are
to be continued as Term SOFR Loans for an additional Interest Period, the duration of such additional Interest Period. 

Each Interest
Period specified in a Notice of Interest Rate Election shall comply with the provisions of the definition of Interest Period. 

(c)
Promptly after receiving a Notice of Interest Rate Election from the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.07(a) above, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the contents thereof and such notice shall not thereafter be revocable by the
Borrower. 

(d) The Borrower shall not be entitled to elect to convert any Loans to, or continue any Loans for an additional Interest
Period as, Term SOFR Loans if (i) the aggregate principal amount of any Term SOFR Loans created or continued as a result of such election would be less than $5,000,000 or (ii) a Default shall have occurred and be continuing when the
Borrower delivers notice of such election to the Administrative Agent. 

(e) If any Loan is converted to a different type of Loan, the
Borrower shall pay, on the date of such conversion, the interest accrued to such date on the principal amount being converted. 

(f) If the
Borrower fails to specify a type of Loan in a Notice of Borrowing or Notice of Interest Rate Election or if the Borrower fails to give a timely notice requesting a conversion or continuation, then the applicable Loans shall be made as, or converted
to, Term SOFR Loans with an Interest Period of one month and any such automatic conversion shall be effective as of the last day of the Interest Period then in effect with respect to the applicable Term SOFR Loans. If the Borrower requests a
Borrowing of, conversion to, or continuation of Term SOFR Loans in any such Notice of Borrowing or Notice of Interest Rate Election, but fails to specify an Interest Period, it will be deemed to have specified an Interest Period of one month. 

27 

Section 2.08. Fees. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the
Administrative Agent, for the account of the Lenders ratably in proportion to their Credit Exposures, a facility fee calculated for each day at the Facility Fee Rate for such day (determined in accordance with the Pricing Schedule) on the aggregate
amount of the Credit Exposures equal to the sum of (i) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Loans to the Borrower at such date and (ii) the excess, if any, at such date of the aggregate amount of the Commitments over the Total
Outstanding Amount. Such facility fee shall accrue for each day from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the day on which the Credit Exposures are reduced to zero. 

(b) [Reserved]. 

(c) Fees
accrued for the account of the Lenders under this Section shall be payable quarterly in arrears on each Quarterly Payment Date and on the day on which the Commitments terminate in their entirety (and, if later, on the day on which the Credit
Exposures are reduced to zero). Any overdue fees accrued for the account of the Lenders under this Section shall bear interest, payable on demand, for each day until paid at a rate per annum equal to the sum of 2% plus the Base Rate Margin plus the
Base Rate for such day. 

Section 2.09. Termination or Reduction of Commitments. (a) The Borrower
may, upon at least three Business Days irrevocable notice to the Administrative Agent, (i) terminate the Commitments at any time, if no Loans are outstanding at such time, or (ii) ratably reduce from time to time by an aggregate
amount of $5,000,000 or a larger multiple of $1,000,000, the aggregate amount of the Commitments in excess of the Total Outstanding Amount. Promptly after receiving a notice pursuant to this subsection, the Administrative Agent shall notify each
Lender of the contents thereof. 

(b) Unless previously terminated, each Lenders Commitment shall terminate on the Revolver
Termination Date applicable to such Lender. 

Section 2.10. Optional Prepayments. (a) The Borrower
may (i) upon same day notice to the Administrative Agent given not later than 11:00 A.M. (New York City time), prepay any Base Rate Loans or (ii) upon at least two Business Days notice to the Administrative Agent, prepay any Term
SOFR Loans, in each case without premium or penalty, in whole at any time, or from time to time in part in amounts aggregating $5,000,000 or any larger multiple of $1,000,000, by paying the principal amount to be prepaid together with interest
accrued thereon to the date of prepayment. Each such optional prepayment shall be applied to prepay the Loans of the several Lenders ratably in proportion to the Lenders Credit Exposures. 

28 

(b) [Reserved.] 

(c) Promptly after receiving a notice of prepayment pursuant to this Section 2.10, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of
the contents thereof and of such Lenders ratable share (if any) of such prepayment, and such notice shall not thereafter be revocable by the Borrower. 

Section 2.11. General Provisions as to Payments. (a) The Borrower shall make each payment of principal
of, and interest on, the Loans and of fees hereunder, free and clear of and without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff, not later than 12:00 Noon (New York City time) on the date when due, in Federal or other
funds immediately available in New York City, to the Administrative Agent at its address specified in or pursuant to Section 9.01. The Administrative Agent will promptly distribute to each Lender its ratable share of each such payment received
by the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders. Whenever any payment of principal of, or interest on, the Base Rate Loans or any payment of fees shall be due on a day which is not a Business Day, the date for payment thereof shall be
extended to the next succeeding Business Day. Whenever any payment of principal of, or interest on, the Term SOFR Loans shall be due on a day which is not a Business Day, the date for payment thereof shall be extended to the next succeeding Business
Day unless such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case the date for payment thereof shall be the next preceding Business Day. If the date for any payment of principal is extended by operation of law or otherwise, interest
thereon shall be payable for such extended time. 

(b) Unless the Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent before the date on which any
payment is due to the Lenders hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment in full, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment in full to the Administrative Agent on such date and the Administrative Agent
may, in reliance on such assumption, cause to be distributed to each Lender on such due date an amount equal to the amount then due such Lender. If and to the extent that the Borrower shall not have so made such payment, each Lender shall repay to
the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such amount distributed to such Lender together with interest thereon, for each day from the date such amount is distributed to such Lender until the date such Lender repays such amount to the
Administrative Agent, at the Federal Funds Rate. 

29 

Section 2.12. Funding Losses. If (i) the Borrower
makes any payment of principal with respect to any Term SOFR Loan or any Term SOFR Loan is converted to a Base Rate Loan (whether such payment or conversion is pursuant to Article 2, 6 or 8 or otherwise) on any day other than the last day of an
Interest Period applicable thereto, or the last day of an applicable period fixed pursuant to Section 2.06(c), (ii) the Borrower fails to borrow, prepay, convert or continue any Term SOFR Loan after notice has been given to any Lender in
accordance with Section 2.04(a), 2.07(c) or 2.10(c) or (iii) a Lender assigns its interest in any Term SOFR Loan other than on the last date of the Interest Period applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to
Section 8.06, the Borrower shall reimburse each Lender within 15 days after demand for any resulting loss or expense incurred by it (or by an existing or prospective Participant in the related Loan), including (without limitation) any loss
incurred in obtaining, liquidating or employing deposits from third parties, but excluding loss of margin for the period after such payment or conversion or failure to borrow, prepay, convert or continue; provided that such Lender shall have
delivered to the Borrower a certificate as to the amount of such loss or expense, which certificate shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. 

Section 2.13. Computation of Interest and Fees. Interest based on the Base Rate hereunder (including
computations of the Base Rate determined by reference to Term SOFR) shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year) and paid for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last
day). All other interest and fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and paid for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). 

Section 2.14. Notes; Evidence of Debt.(a) The Borrower hereby agrees that, upon the request of any
Lender at any time, such Lenders Loans shall be evidenced by a promissory note or notes of the Borrower (each a Note), substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto, payable to such Lender (or its registered assigns) and
representing the obligation of the Borrower to pay the unpaid principal amount of the Loans made to the Borrower by such Lender, with interest as provided herein on the unpaid principal amount from time to time outstanding. 

(b) Each Lender shall record the date, amount and type of each Loan made by it and the date and amount of each payment of principal made by
the Borrower with respect thereto, and may, if such Lender so elects in connection with any transfer or enforcement of its Note, endorse on the schedule forming a part thereof appropriate notations to evidence the foregoing information with respect
to each such Loan then outstanding; provided that a Lenders failure to make (or any error in making) any such recordation or endorsement shall not affect the Borrowers obligations hereunder or under the Notes. Each Lender is
hereby irrevocably authorized by the Borrower so to endorse its Note and to attach to and make a part of its Note a continuation of any such schedule as and when required. 

30 

(c) The Loan made by each Lender, whether or not evidenced by a Note, shall be evidenced by
one or more accounts or records maintained by the Administrative Agent in the ordinary course of business. The accounts or records maintained by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error of the amount of the Loans made by
the Lenders to the Borrower and the interest and payments thereon. Any failure to so record or any error in doing so shall not, however, limit or otherwise affect the obligation of the Borrower hereunder to pay any amount owing hereunder. In the
event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by any Lender and the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent in respect of such matters, the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control in the absence of
manifest error. 

Section 2.15. [Reserved]. 

Section 2.16. Change of Control. If a Change of Control shall occur with respect to the Borrower,
(i) the Borrower will, promptly after the occurrence thereof, (x) give each Lender notice thereof and shall describe in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances giving rise thereto and (y) if requested, furnish to the
Administrative Agent updated documentation and other information that is required by regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including without limitation the USA PATRIOT
Act and (ii) each Lender may, by three Business Days notice to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent given not later than 60 days after such notice of Change of Control is received, terminate its Commitment, which shall thereupon be
terminated, and declare the Loans held by it (together with accrued interest thereon) and any other amounts payable hereunder for its account to be, and such Loans and such other amounts shall thereupon become, immediately due and payable without
presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower. 

Section 2.17. [Reserved]. 

Section 2.18. [Reserved].

Section 2.19. [Reserved].

Section 2.20. Defaulting Lenders. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if any
Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the following provisions shall apply for so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender: 

(a) fees
shall cease to accrue on the unused portion of the Commitment of such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.08(a); 

31 

(b) the Credit Exposure of such Defaulting Lender shall not be included in determining
whether the Required Lenders have taken or may take any action hereunder (including any consent to any amendment, waiver or other modification pursuant to Section 9.05); provided, that this clause (b) shall not apply to the vote of
a Defaulting Lender in the case of an amendment, waiver or other modification requiring the consent of each Lender or each Lender affected thereby; 

(c) [reserved]; 

(d) in the
event that the Administrative Agent and the Borrower agree that a Defaulting Lender has adequately remedied all matters that caused such Lender to be a Defaulting Lender, then on such date such Lender shall purchase at par such of the Loans of the
other Lenders as the Administrative Agent shall determine may be necessary in order for such Lender to hold such Loans in accordance with its Percentage; 

(e) any payment of principal, interest, or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of a Defaulting Lender (whether
voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Article 6 or otherwise) or received by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 9.04 shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative
Agent as follows: first, to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder; second, as the Borrower may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any
Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent; third, if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to be held
in a deposit account and released pro rata in order to satisfy such Defaulting Lenders potential future funding obligations with respect to Loans under this Agreement; fourth, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders as a
result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lenders breach of its obligations under this Agreement; fifth, so long as no Default or
Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lenders breach
of its obligations under this Agreement; and sixth, to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans in
respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share and (y) such Loans were made at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 3.02 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay
the Loans of all Non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of such Defaulting Lender. Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a
Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto. 

32 

ARTICLE 3 

CONDITIONS

Section 3.01. Effectiveness. The Commitments shall become effective on the date the Administrative Agent
shall have received: 

(a) counterparts hereof signed by each of the parties hereto (or, in the case of any party as to which an executed
counterpart shall not have been received, the Administrative Agent shall have received in form satisfactory to it written confirmation (including by electronic means) from such party of execution of a counterpart hereof by such party); 

(b) the opinion of the General Counsel, Vice President Legal Services or Vice President Corporate Secretary of the Borrower
substantially in the form of Exhibit F hereto, dated the Effective Date and covering such additional matters relating to the transactions contemplated hereby as the Required Lenders may reasonably request; 

(c) evidence satisfactory to it that all filings, consents and approvals, if any, required to be made with, or obtained from, any governmental
authority in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby shall have been made or obtained and shall be, in each case, in full force and effect on and as of the Effective Date; 

(d) all documents the Administrative Agent may reasonably request relating to the existence of the Borrower such as articles of incorporation
and bylaws, the corporate authority for and the validity of this Agreement and the Notes, and any other matters relevant hereto, all in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent; 

(e) [reserved]; 

(f) at least
five (5) business days prior to the Effective Date, all documentation and other information about the Borrower and its Affiliates as shall have been reasonably requested in writing at least ten (10) business days prior to the Effective
Date by the Administrative Agent that is required by regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including without limitation the USA PATRIOT Act; and 

33 

(g) all fees and expenses required to be paid on or before the Effective Date (in the case
of expenses, for which the Borrower has been billed at least two (2) business days prior to the Effective Date), including the reasonable and documented fees and expenses of counsel for the Administrative Agent and the Joint Lead Arrangers;

Each of the Lenders that are party to the Existing Revolving Credit Agreement and the Borrower agree to eliminate the requirement under
Section 2.09 of the Existing Revolving Credit Agreement that notice of optional termination of the commitments thereunder be given three Business Days in advance, and further agree that (i) the commitments under the Existing Revolving
Credit Agreement shall terminate in their entirety simultaneously with and subject to the effectiveness of the Commitments and (ii) the accrued facility fees thereunder to but excluding the date of such effectiveness shall be payable on the
date of such effectiveness. 

Section 3.02. Borrowings. The obligation of any Lender to make a Loan on the
occasion of any Borrowing is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions: 

(a) receipt by the Administrative Agent of a Notice
of Borrowing as required by Section 2.02; 

(b) the fact that, immediately after such Borrowing or issuance (or renewal or extension),
the Total Outstanding Amount will not exceed the aggregate amount of the Commitments. 

(c) the fact that, immediately before and after
such Borrowing or issuance (or renewal or extension), no Default with respect to the Borrower shall have occurred and be continuing; 

(d)
the fact that the representations and warranties of the Borrower contained in this Agreement (except, in the case of any such Borrowing or issuance subsequent to the Effective Date, those contained in Sections 4.04(c), 4.05(a) and 4.11) shall be
true in all material respects (or, with respect to any representation or warranty qualified by reference to materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) on and as of the date of such Borrowing or issuance (or renewal or extension); and

(e) the fact that immediately after any such Borrowing, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Loans made to the Borrower
under this Agreement, which aggregated with any other financing covered by the same authorization, will not exceed the applicable amounts authorized, as of such date, by the FERC to be borrowed. 

34 

Each Borrowing hereunder shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by the Borrower on the date of
such Borrowing as to the facts specified in the foregoing clauses 3.02(b), 3.02(c), 3.02(d) and 3.02(e). 

ARTICLE 4 

REPRESENTATIONSAND WARRANTIES

The Borrower represents and warrants on the Effective Date that: 

Section 4.01. Corporate Existence and Power. The Borrower is a corporation duly incorporated, validly
existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, and has all corporate powers and all material governmental licenses, consents, authorizations and approvals required to carry on its business as now conducted. 

Section 4.02. Corporate and Governmental Authorization; No Contravention. The execution, delivery and
performance by the Borrower of this Agreement and its Notes are within the Borrowers corporate powers, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action, require no action by or in respect of, or filing with, any governmental body,
agency or official (except (i) the authorization by the FERC of short-term borrowings, which at the date of this Agreement has been obtained for borrowings prior to April 30, 2026 in amounts at any time outstanding of up to $4,000,000,000
and (ii) the filing of such reports with the FERC as may be required under law) and do not contravene, or constitute a default under, any provision of applicable law or regulation or of the Borrowers certificate of incorporation or by-laws or of any agreement, judgment, injunction, order, decree or other instrument binding upon the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower or result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any asset of
the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower. 

Section 4.03. Binding Effect. This Agreement constitutes
a valid and binding agreement of the Borrower and each Note of the Borrower, if and when executed and delivered in accordance with this Agreement, will constitute a valid and binding obligation of the Borrower, in each case enforceable in accordance
with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and general principles of equity. 

Section 4.04. Financial Information. (a) The consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its
Consolidated Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2024 and the related consolidated statements of income, cash flows, capitalization and shareholders equity for the Fiscal Year then ended, reported on by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP and set
forth in the Borrowers 2024 Annual Report, fairly present, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Borrower and its Consolidated Subsidiaries as of such date and their consolidated results of operations and cash
flows for such Fiscal Year in conformity with GAAP. 

35 

(b) [Reserved]. 

(c) As of the Effective Date, except for Disclosed Matters, since December 31, 2024, there has been no material adverse change in the
business, financial position or results of operations of the Borrower and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, considered as a whole. 

Section 4.05. Litigation. Except (solely with respect to clause (a) below) for Disclosed Matters, there
is no action, suit or proceeding pending against, or to the Borrowers knowledge threatened against or affecting, the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower before any court or arbitrator or any governmental body, agency or official
(a) in which, as of the Effective Date, there is a reasonable possibility of an adverse decision which could materially adversely affect the business, consolidated financial position or consolidated results of operations of the Borrower and its
Consolidated Subsidiaries, considered as a whole, or (b) which in any manner draws into question the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or the Notes. 

Section 4.06. Compliance with ERISA. Each member of the ERISA Group has fulfilled its obligations under the
minimum funding standards of ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code with respect to each Plan and is in compliance in all material respects with the presently applicable provisions of ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code with respect to each Plan. No
member of the ERISA Group has (i) sought a waiver of the minimum funding standard under Section 412 of the Internal Revenue Code or Section 302 of ERISA in respect of any Plan, (ii) failed to make any contribution or payment to
any Plan or Multiemployer Plan, or made any amendment to any Plan, which has resulted or could result in the imposition of a Lien or the posting of a bond or other security under ERISA or the Internal Revenue Code or (iii) incurred any
liability under Title IV of ERISA other than a liability to the PBGC for non-delinquent premiums under Section 4007 of ERISA. 

Section 4.07. Environmental Matters. In the ordinary course of its business, the Borrower conducts an
ongoing review of the effect of Environmental Laws on the business, operations and properties of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, in the course of which it identifies and evaluates associated liabilities and costs (including, without limitation,
any capital or operating expenditures required for clean-up or closure of properties presently or previously owned, any capital or operating expenditures required to achieve or maintain compliance with
Environmental Laws or as a condition of any license, permit or contract, any related constraints on operating activities, including any periodic or permanent shutdown of any facility or reduction in the level of or change in the

36 

nature of operations conducted thereat, any costs or liabilities in connection with off-site disposal of wastes or Hazardous Substances and any actual or
potential liabilities to third parties, including employees, and any related costs and expenses). Except for Disclosed Matters, (i) on the basis of the foregoing review, the Borrower has reasonably concluded that such associated liabilities and
costs, including the costs of complying with Environmental Laws, are unlikely to have a Material Adverse Effect and (ii) the Borrower and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all Environmental Laws, except where the failure to so comply
could not be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 4.08. Taxes. The Borrower
and its Subsidiaries have filed all United States Federal income tax returns and all other material tax returns which are required to be filed by them and have paid all taxes due pursuant to such returns or pursuant to any assessment received by the
Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower, except to the extent that any such assessment is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings. The charges, accruals and reserves on the books of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in respect of
material taxes or other governmental charges are, in the Borrowers opinion, adequate. 

Section 4.09.
Subsidiaries. Each of the Borrowers Material Subsidiaries (if any) is an entity duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization, and has all powers and all material governmental
licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals required to carry on its business as now conducted. 

Section 4.10. Investment Company Status. The Borrower is not an investment company within the
meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

Section 4.11. Full Disclosure. As of the
Effective Date, neither the Borrowers Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, as of the date of filing of such Form 10-K, nor any registration
statement (other than a registration statement on Form S-8 (or its equivalent)) or report on Form 10-K,10-Q and 8-K (or their equivalents) which the Borrower shall have subsequently filed with the SEC, as at the time of filing of such registration statement or report, as applicable, contained any untrue statement of a
material fact or omitted to state a material fact necessary in order to make any statements contained therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 

Section 4.12. Sanctions and Anti-Corruption Laws. The Borrower and its Subsidiaries have implemented and
maintain in effect policies that, in order to provide assurance that the Borrower and its Subsidiaries comply with applicable Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions, instruct their respective directors and officers with respect to compliance with
applicable Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions. Neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of the Borrower, any of its or their respective directors or officers (x) is the subject or, to the Borrowers knowledge,
target of any Sanctions, (y) is in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws in any material respect or (z) is located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is, or whose government is, the subject or target of any Sanctions.

37 

ARTICLE 5 

COVENANTS

The
Borrower agrees that, so long as any Lender has any Credit Exposure hereunder or any interest or fees accrued hereunder remain unpaid: 

Section 5.01. Information. The Borrower will deliver to each of the Lenders: 

(a) as soon as available and in any event within 95 days after the end of each Fiscal Year, a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and
its Consolidated Subsidiaries as of the end of such Fiscal Year and the related consolidated statements of income, cash flows, capitalization and retained earnings for such Fiscal Year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for
the previous Fiscal Year, all reported on in a manner acceptable to the SEC by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP or other independent public accountants of nationally recognized standing; 

(b) as soon as available and in any event within 50 days after the end of each of the first three Fiscal Quarters of each Fiscal Year, a
consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Consolidated Subsidiaries as of the end of such Fiscal Quarter, the related consolidated statements of income and cash flows for such Fiscal Quarter and the related consolidated statements of income
and cash flows for the portion of the Fiscal Year ended at the end of such Fiscal Quarter, setting forth in the case of each such statement of income and cash flows in comparative form the figures for the corresponding period in the previous Fiscal
Year, all certified (subject to normal year-end adjustments) as to fairness of presentation and consistency with GAAP, in all material respects, by the Borrowers chief financial officer, chief accounting
officer or controller, or treasurer; 

(c) within the time frames specified for the delivery of each set of financial statements referred
to in clauses 5.01(a) and 5.01(b) above, a certificate of the Borrowers chief financial officer or chief accounting officer (i) setting forth in reasonable detail the calculations required to establish whether the Borrower was in
compliance with the requirements of Section 5.10 and (ii) stating whether any Default with respect to the Borrower exists on the date of such certificate and, if any Default with respect to the Borrower then exists, setting forth the
details thereof and the action which the Borrower is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto; 

38 

(d) within five Business Days after any officer of the Borrower obtains knowledge of any
Default with respect to the Borrower, if such Default with respect to the Borrower is then continuing, a certificate of the Borrowers chief financial officer or chief accounting officer setting forth the details thereof and the action which
the Borrower is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto; 

(e) promptly after the mailing thereof to the Borrowers
shareholder generally, copies of all financial statements, reports and proxy statements so mailed; 

(f) promptly after the filing thereof,
copies of all registration statements (other than the exhibits thereto and any registration statements on Form S-8 or its equivalent) and reports on Forms 10-K,10-Q and 8-K (or their equivalents) filed by the Borrower with the SEC; 

(g) if and when any member of the ERISA Group (i) gives or is required to give notice to the PBGC of any reportable event (as
defined in Section 4043 of ERISA) with respect to any Plan which might constitute grounds for a termination of such Plan under Title IV of ERISA, or knows that the plan administrator of any Plan has given or is required to give notice of any
such reportable event, a copy of the notice of such reportable event given or required to be given to the PBGC; (ii) receives notice of complete or partial withdrawal liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to any Multiemployer Plan or
notice that any Multiemployer Plan is in endangered or critical status, is insolvent or has been terminated, a copy of such notice; (iii) receives notice from the PBGC under Title IV of ERISA of an intent to terminate, impose liability (other
than for non-delinquent premiums under Section 4007 of ERISA) in respect of, or appoint a trustee to administer any Plan, a copy of such notice; (iv) applies for a waiver of the minimum funding
standard under Section 412 of the Internal Revenue Code or Section 302 of ERISA, a copy of such application; (v) gives notice of intent to terminate any Plan under Section 4041(c) of ERISA, a copy of such notice and other
information filed with the PBGC; (vi) gives notice of withdrawal from any Plan pursuant to Section 4063 of ERISA, a copy of such notice; or (vii) fails to make any payment or contribution to any Plan or Multiemployer Plan or makes any
amendment to any Plan which has resulted or could result in the imposition of a Lien or the posting of a bond or other security, a certificate of the Borrowers chief financial officer or chief accounting officer setting forth details as to
such occurrence and the action, if any, which the Borrower or applicable member of the ERISA Group of the Borrower is required or proposes to take; and 

39 

(h) from time to time such additional information regarding the financial position or
business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as the Administrative Agent, at the request of any Lender, may reasonably request. 

Information required to be delivered pursuant to clauses (a), (b), (e) or (f) above which is filed by the Borrower with the SEC shall be
deemed to have been delivered on the date when so filed or posted. The Borrower shall promptly notify the Lenders that such information has been posted on the Borrowers website or filed with the SEC and shall deliver paper copies of the
information referred to in clauses (a), (b), (e) or (f) to the Administrative Agent for any Lender which requests such delivery. 

The
Borrower hereby acknowledges that (a) the Administrative Agent and/or the Joint Lead Arrangers may, but shall not be obligated to, make available to the Lenders materials and/or information provided by or on behalf of the Borrower hereunder
(collectively, Borrower Materials) by posting the Borrower Materials on Debt Domain, IntraLinks, Syndtrak, ClearPar, or a substantially similar electronic transmission system (the Platform) and (b) certain
of the Lenders (each, a Public Lender) may have personnel who do not wish to receive material non-public information with respect to the Borrower or its Affiliates, or the respective
securities of any of the foregoing, and who may be engaged in investment and other market-related activities with respect to such Persons securities. The Borrower hereby agrees that (w) all Borrower Materials that are to be made available
to Public Lenders shall be clearly and conspicuously marked PUBLIC which, at a minimum, shall mean that the word PUBLIC shall appear prominently on the first page thereof; (x) by marking Borrower Materials
PUBLIC, the Borrower shall be deemed to have authorized the Administrative Agent, the Joint Lead Arrangers and the Lenders to treat such Borrower Materials as not containing any material non-public
information with respect to the Borrower or its securities for purposes of United States Federal and state securities laws (provided, however, that to the extent such Borrower Materials constitute information required to be kept
confidential pursuant to Section 9.09, they shall be treated as set forth in such Section); (y) all Borrower Materials marked PUBLIC are permitted to be made available through a portion of the Platform designated Public Side
Information; and (z) the Administrative Agent and the Joint Lead Arrangers shall be entitled to treat any Borrower Materials that are not marked PUBLIC as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the Platform not
designated Public Side Information. Notwithstanding there foregoing, the Borrower shall be under no obligation to mark any Borrower Materials PUBLIC. 

Section 5.02. Payment of Obligations. The Borrower will pay and discharge, and will cause each Subsidiary of
the Borrower to pay and discharge, at or before maturity, all their respective material obligations and liabilities 

40 

(including, without limitation, tax liabilities and claims of materialmen, warehousemen and the like which if unpaid might by law give rise to a Lien), except where the same are contested in good
faith by appropriate proceedings and except where the failure to pay and discharge the same could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Borrower. 

Section 5.03. Maintenance of Property; Insurance. (a) The Borrower will keep, and will cause each
Material Subsidiary of the Borrower to keep, all material property necessary in its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted. 

(b) The Borrower will, and will cause each Material Subsidiary of the Borrower to, maintain (either in the Borrowers name or in such
Subsidiarys own name) with financially sound and responsible insurance companies, insurance on all their respective properties in at least such amounts (with no greater risk retention) and against at least such risks as are usually maintained,
retained or insured against in the same general area by companies of established repute engaged in the same or a similar business. The Borrower will furnish to the Lenders, upon request from the Administrative Agent, information presented in
reasonable detail as to the insurance so carried. 

Section 5.04. Conduct of Business and Maintenance of
Existence. Except as otherwise permitted in accordance with Section 5.07, the Borrower and its Material Subsidiaries will continue to engage in business of the same general type as now conducted by the Borrower and its Material
Subsidiaries, and will preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect their respective corporate existences and their respective rights, privileges and franchises necessary or desirable in the normal conduct of business; provided that
nothing in this Section shall prohibit: 

(a) the merger of a Subsidiary of the Borrower into the Borrower if, after giving effect thereto,
no Default shall have occurred and be continuing; 

(b) the merger or consolidation of a Subsidiary of the Borrower with or into a Person
other than the Borrower if, after giving effect thereto, no Default shall have occurred and be continuing; or 

(c) the termination of the
corporate existence of a Subsidiary of the Borrower if the Borrower in good faith determines that such termination is in the best interest of the Borrower and is not materially disadvantageous to the Lenders. 

41 

Section 5.05. Compliance with Laws. The Borrower will
comply, and will cause each Subsidiary of the Borrower to comply, in all material respects with all applicable laws, ordinances, rules, regulations and requirements of governmental authorities (including, without limitation, Environmental Laws and
ERISA and the rules and regulations thereunder), except where the necessity of compliance therewith is contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings or except where the failure to comply could not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect with respect to the Borrower. The Borrower will comply, and will cause each Subsidiary of the Borrower to comply in all material respects, with all applicable Sanctions and Anti-Corruption Laws. 

Section 5.06. Inspection of Property, Books and Records. The Borrower will keep, and will cause each Material
Subsidiary of the Borrower to keep, proper books of record and account in which full and correct entries shall be made of all dealings and transactions in relation to its business and activities; and will permit, and will cause each Subsidiary of
the Borrower to permit, at reasonable times and upon five Business Days notice, representatives of any Lender at such Lenders expense to visit and inspect any of their respective properties, to examine and make abstracts from any of
their respective books and records and to discuss their respective affairs, finances and accounts with their respective officers, employees and independent public accountants. 

Section 5.07. Consolidations, Mergers and Transfers of Assets. (a) The Borrower will not consolidate or
merge with or into any other Person; provided that the Borrower may consolidate or merge with another Person if: 

(i) either (A) the Borrower is the corporation surviving such merger or (B) the Borrower gives the Administrative
Agent at least fifteen days prior written notice of such consolidation or merger (and the Administrative Agent shall promptly provide a copy of such notice to the Lenders) and the Person (if other than the Borrower) surviving such merger or formed
by such consolidation (any such Person, the Successor), shall (i) be organized and existing under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia; (ii) expressly assume, in a writing executed
and delivered to the Administrative Agent for delivery to each of the Lenders, in form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, the due and punctual payment of the principal of and interest on its Loans and the performance of the other
obligations under this Agreement and its Notes on the part of the Borrower to be performed or observed, as fully as if such Successor were originally named as the Borrower in this Agreement; and (iii) at least five days prior to such
consolidation or merger, provide (A) all documentation and other information about the Successor as may be reasonably requested in writing by the Administrative Agent or any Lender that is required by regulatory authorities under applicable
know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including without limitation the USA Patriot Act and (B) opinions of counsel to the Successor covering corporate status of the Successor and its authority to enter
into, and enforceability of, the agreement evidencing its assumptions of the obligations hereunder, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent; and 

42 

(ii) after giving effect to such consolidation or merger, no Default with
respect to the Borrower shall have occurred and be continuing. 

(b) The Borrower will not sell, lease or otherwise transfer, directly or
indirectly, all or substantially all of its assets, to any other Person. 

Section 5.08. Use of Proceeds.
The proceeds of the Loans will be used by the Borrower for its general corporate purposes, other than hostile acquisitions. None of such proceeds will be used, directly or indirectly, for the purpose, whether immediate, incidental or ultimate,
of buying or carrying any margin stock within the meaning of Regulation U. 

Section 5.09.
Negative Pledge. Neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary of the Borrower will create, assume or suffer to exist any Lien on any asset now owned or hereafter acquired by it, except: 

(a) Liens existing on the date of this Agreement securing Debt outstanding on the date of this Agreement in an aggregate principal or face
amount not exceeding $150,000,000; 

(b) Liens securing the obligations of a Subsidiary under
Non-recourse Debt on the assets of such Subsidiary; 

(c) any Lien existing on any asset of any
Person at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary and not created in contemplation of such event; 

(d) any Lien on any asset securing
obligations incurred or assumed for the purpose of financing all or any part of the cost of acquiring ownership or use of such asset or a related asset, provided that such Lien attaches to such asset concurrently with or within 90 days after
such acquisition; 

(e) any Lien on any asset of any Person existing at the time such Person is merged or consolidated with or into the
Borrower or a Subsidiary and not created in contemplation of such event; 

(f) any Lien existing on any asset prior to the acquisition
thereof by the Borrower or a Subsidiary and not created in contemplation of such acquisition; 

(g) any Lien arising out of the
refinancing, extension, renewal or refunding of any Debt secured by any Lien permitted by any of the foregoing clauses of this Section, provided that such Debt is not increased and is not secured by any additional assets; 

43 

(h) Liens arising in the ordinary course of its business which (i) do not secure Debt
or Derivatives Obligations and (ii) do not secure any single obligation (or class of obligations having a common cause) in an amount exceeding $25,000,000; 

(i) Liens on cash and cash equivalents securing Derivatives Obligations; 

(j) Liens in the ordinary course of business for the purpose of securing or collateralizing energy purchases or sales as may be required from
time to time by an independent system operator or similar system-governing body in any jurisdiction; and 

(k) Liens not otherwise
permitted by the foregoing clauses of this Section securing Debt of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal or face amount not at any time exceeding 10% of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets of the Borrower. 

Section 5.10. Debt to Total Capital. The ratio of Consolidated Debt of the Borrower to Consolidated Total
Capital of the Borrower shall not at any time exceed 0.65 to 1. 

Section 5.11. Transactions with Affiliates.
The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary of the Borrower to, directly or indirectly, pay any funds to or for the account of, make any investment (whether by acquisition of stock or indebtedness, by loan, advance, transfer of
property, guarantee or other agreement to pay, purchase or service, directly or indirectly, any Debt, or otherwise) in, lease, sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any assets, tangible or intangible, to, or participate in, or effect, any
transaction with, any Affiliate of the Borrower except (i) on an arms-length basis on terms at least as favorable to the Borrower or such Subsidiary of the Borrower as could have been obtained from a third party that was not an Affiliate of the
Borrower or (ii) as otherwise permitted by the PSC and FERC; provided that the foregoing provisions of this Section shall not prohibit (x) any such Person from declaring or paying any lawful dividend or other payment ratably in
respect of all its capital stock of the relevant class and (y) the Borrower from purchasing its own common stock or the common stock of Holdings, so long as in each case, after giving effect thereto, no Default shall have occurred and be
continuing. 

44 

Section 5.12. Sanctions; Anti-Corruption Laws. The Borrower
shall not, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of the Loans, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Subsidiary, or knowingly lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any joint venture partner
or other Person, (i) to fund or facilitate any activities or business of, with or related to any Person that is or in any country or territory that is, or whose government is, at the time of such funding or facilitation, the subject or target
of Sanctions or (ii) in any other manner that would result in a violation of Sanctions or Anti-Corruption Laws by any Person. 

ARTICLE
6 

DEFAULTS

Section 6.01. Events of Default. If one or more of the following events (Events of
Default) shall have occurred and be continuing with respect to the Borrower: 

(a) the Borrower shall
(i) fail to pay when due any principal of any Loan (whether at stated maturity or at optional prepayment); or (ii) default in the payment of any interest on any Loan, any fee or any other amount payable by it hereunder when due and such
default shall have continued unremedied for five days; 

(b) the Borrower shall fail to observe or perform any covenant
contained in Article 5, other than those contained in Sections 5.01 through 5.06; 

(c) the Borrower shall fail to observe
or perform any covenant or agreement (other than those covered by clause 6.01(a) or 6.01(b) above) contained in this Agreement or any amendment hereof for 30 days after the Administrative Agent gives notice thereof to the Borrower at the request of
any Lender; 

(d) any representation or warranty made by the Borrower in, or pursuant to, this Agreement shall prove to have
been incorrect in any material respect when made (or deemed made); 

(e) the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary of the
Borrower shall fail to make one or more payments in respect of Material Financial Obligations of the Borrower when due or within any applicable grace period; 

(f) any event or condition shall occur which results in the acceleration of the maturity of any Material Debt of the Borrower
or enables the holder of such Debt of the Borrower or any Person acting on such holders behalf to accelerate the maturity thereof; 

45 

(g) the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary of the Borrower shall commence a
voluntary case or other proceeding seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief with respect to itself or its debts under any bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect or seeking the appointment of a trustee,
receiver, liquidator, custodian or other similar official of it or any substantial part of its property, or shall consent to any such relief or to the appointment of or taking possession by any such official in an involuntary case or other
proceeding commenced against it, or shall make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or shall fail generally to pay its debts as they become due, or shall take any corporate action to authorize any of the foregoing; 

(h) an involuntary case or other proceeding shall be commenced against the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary of the Borrower
seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief with respect to it or its debts under any bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect or seeking the appointment of a trustee, receiver, liquidator, custodian or other
similar official of it or any substantial part of its property, and such involuntary case or other proceeding shall remain undismissed and unstayed for a period of 60 days; or an order for relief shall be entered against the Borrower or any Material
Subsidiary of the Borrower under the federal bankruptcy laws as now or hereafter in effect; 

(i) any member of the ERISA
Group of the Borrower shall fail to pay when due an amount or amounts aggregating in excess of $150,000,000 which it shall have become liable to pay under Title IV of ERISA; or notice of intent to terminate a Material Plan shall be filed under Title
IV of ERISA by any member of the ERISA Group of the Borrower, any plan administrator or any combination of the foregoing; or the PBGC shall institute proceedings under Title IV of ERISA to terminate, to impose liability (other than for non-delinquent premiums under Section 4007 of ERISA) in respect of, or to cause a trustee to be appointed to administer, any Material Plan; or a condition shall exist by reason of which the PBGC would be
entitled to obtain a decree adjudicating that any Material Plan must be terminated; or there shall occur a complete or partial withdrawal from, or a default, within the meaning of Section 4219(c)(5) of ERISA, with respect to, one or more
Multiemployer Plans which could cause one or more members of the ERISA Group to incur a current payment obligation in excess of $150,000,000; or 

(j) judgments or orders (other than judgments or orders in respect of Non-recourse
Debt) for the payment of money exceeding $150,000,000 in aggregate amount shall be rendered against the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower and either (i) enforcement proceedings shall have been commenced by any creditor upon such
judgments or orders or (ii) such judgments or orders shall continue unsatisfied and unstayed for a period of 30 days; 

46 

then, and in every such event, the Administrative Agent shall, if requested by the Required Lenders, by
notice to the Borrower (i) terminate the Commitments and they shall thereupon terminate, and the Borrower shall no longer be entitled to borrow hereunder and (ii) declare the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Loans (together with
accrued interest thereon and all other amounts due and owing hereunder) to be, and such Loans (together with accrued interest thereon and all other amounts due and owing hereunder) shall thereupon become, immediately due and payable without
presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower; provided that, if any Event of Default specified in clause 6.01(g) or 6.01(h) occurs with respect to the Borrower, then without any
notice to the Borrower or any other act by the Administrative Agent or the Lenders, the Commitments shall thereupon terminate and the Loans (together with accrued interest thereon and all other amounts due and owing hereunder) shall become
immediately due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower. 

Section 6.02. Notice of Default. The Administrative Agent shall give notice to the Borrower under
Section 6.01(c) promptly upon being requested to do so by any Lender and shall thereupon notify all the Lenders thereof. 

ARTICLE 7

THE AGENTS

Section 7.01. Appointment and Authorization. Each Lender irrevocably appoints and authorizes the
Administrative Agent to take such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under this Agreement as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with all such powers as are reasonably incidental
thereto. 

Section 7.02. Administrative Agent and Affiliates. Bank of America, N.A. shall have the same
rights and powers under this Agreement as any other Lender and may exercise or refrain from exercising the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent, and the term Lender or Lenders shall, unless otherwise expressly
indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include the Administrative Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Bank of America, N.A. and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, own securities of, act as the financial
advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of business with the Borrower or any Subsidiary or affiliate of the Borrower as if it were not the Administrative Agent and without any duty to account therefor to the
Lenders. 

47 

Section 7.03. Action by Administrative Agent. The
obligations of the Administrative Agent hereunder are only those expressly set forth herein, and its duties shall be administrative in nature. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent: 

(a) shall not be required to take any action with respect to any Default, except as expressly provided in Article 6; 

(b) shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing, except as
expressly provided in Article 6; 

(c) shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers,
except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or under any Loan hereunder that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders
as shall be expressly provided for herein or any borrowing hereunder), provided that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the Administrative Agent to
liability or that is contrary to any borrowing hereunder or applicable law, including for the avoidance of doubt any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any Debtor Relief Law or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or
termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any Debtor Relief Law; and 

(d) shall not, except as expressly set forth
herein or under any Loan hereunder, have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as the
Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. 

Section 7.04. Consultation with Experts.
The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrower), independent public accountants and other experts selected by it and shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in good
faith in accordance with the advice of such counsel, accountants or experts. 

Section 7.05. Liability of
Administrative Agent. None of the Administrative Agent, its affiliates and their respective directors, officers, agents and employees shall be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in connection herewith (i) with the consent or at
the request of the Required Lenders (or such different number of Lenders as any provision hereof expressly requires for such 

48 

consent or request) or (ii) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and
non-appealable judgment. The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until notice describing such Default is given in writing to the Administrative Agent by the
Borrower or a Lender. None of the Administrative Agent, its affiliates and their respective directors, officers, agents and employees shall be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain, inquire into or verify (i) any statement, warranty or
representation made in connection with this Agreement or any borrowing hereunder; (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the
performance or observance of any of the covenants or agreements of the Borrower; (iv) the satisfaction of any condition specified in Article 3, except receipt of items required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent; or (v) the
validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, the Notes or any other instrument or writing furnished in connection herewith. The Administrative Agent shall not incur any liability by acting in reliance upon any notice,
consent, certificate, statement or other writing (which may be a facsimile or similar writing) believed by it to be genuine or to be signed by the proper party or parties. The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally
or by telephone and believed by it to have been made by the proper party or parties, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan, that by its terms must be
fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender prior to the making of
such Loan. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the use of the term agent in this Agreement with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations
arising under agency doctrine of any applicable law. Instead, such term is used merely as a matter of market custom and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between independent contracting parties. Each Lender
represents to the Administrative Agent and the Joint Lead Arrangers that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, the Joint Lead Arrangers, any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents
and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis of, appraisal of, and investigation into, the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Borrower and their
Subsidiaries, and all applicable bank or other regulatory Laws relating to the transactions contemplated hereby, and made its own decision to enter into this Agreement and to extend credit to the Borrower hereunder. Each Lender also acknowledges
that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, the Joint Lead Arrangers, any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it shall from

49 

time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own credit analysis, appraisals and decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any
related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder, and to make such investigations as it deems necessary to inform itself as to the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of
the Borrower. Each Lender represents and warrants that (i) the Loan Documents set forth the terms of a commercial lending facility and (ii) it is engaged in making, acquiring or holding commercial loans in the ordinary course and is
entering into this Agreement as a Lender for the purpose of making, acquiring or holding commercial loans and providing other facilities set forth herein as may be applicable to such Lender, and not for the purpose of purchasing, acquiring or
holding any other type of financial instrument, and each Lender agrees not to assert a claim in contravention of the foregoing. Each Lender represents and warrants that it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to make, acquire and/or hold
commercial loans and to provide other facilities set forth herein, as may be applicable to such Lender, and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to make, acquire and/or hold such commercial loans or to provide such
other facilities, is experienced in making, acquiring or holding such commercial loans or providing such other facilities. 

Section 7.06. Delegation of Duties. The Administrative Agent may perform any and all of its duties and
exercise its rights and powers hereunder by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent; provided that, unless the sub-agent is an
Affiliate of the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower in advance of appointing the sub-agent. The Administrative Agent and any such
sub-agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of
the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agents except to the
extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and non-appealable judgment that the Administrative Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agents.

Section 7.07. Indemnification. The Lenders shall, ratably
in proportion to their Credit Exposures, indemnify the Administrative Agent, its affiliates and their respective directors, officers, agents and employees (to the extent not reimbursed by the Borrower) against any cost, expense (including counsel
fees and disbursements), claim, demand, action, loss or liability (except such as result from such indemnitees gross negligence or willful misconduct) that such indemnitees may suffer or incur in connection with this Agreement or any action
taken or omitted by such indemnitees hereunder. 

50 

Section 7.08. Credit Decision. Each Lender acknowledges
that it has, independently and without reliance on any Agent or any other Lender, and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender also
acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance on any Agent or any other Lender, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking
any action under this Agreement. 

Section 7.09. Successor Administrative Agent. 

(a) The Administrative Agent may resign at any time by giving notice thereof to the Lenders and the Borrower. Upon any such resignation, the
Required Lenders shall have the right to appoint a successor Administrative Agent; provided that any such appointment shall be subject to consent of the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), so long as no Event
of Default has occurred and is continuing with respect to the Borrower. If no successor Administrative Agent shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders, and shall have accepted such appointment, within 30 days after the retiring
Administrative Agent gives notice of resignation (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required Lenders) (the Resignation Effective Date), then the retiring Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to), on
behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor Administrative Agent, which shall be a commercial bank organized or licensed under the laws of the United States or of any State thereof and having a combined capital and surplus of at least $100,000,000;
provided that any such appointment shall be subject to consent of the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing with respect to the Borrower and
providedfurther that in no event shall any such successor Administrative Agent be a Defaulting Lender. Whether or not a successor has been appointed, such resignation shall become effective in accordance with such notice on the
Resignation Effective Date. 

(b) If the Person serving as Administrative Agent is a Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (d) of the
definition thereof, either the Required Lenders or the Borrower may, to the extent permitted by applicable law, by notice in writing to the Borrower, if applicable, and such Person, remove such Person as Administrative Agent and, the Required
Lenders may appoint a successor; provided that any such appointment shall be subject to consent of the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing with
respect to the Borrower. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required Lenders) (the Removal
Effective Date), then such removal shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such notice on the Removal Effective Date. 

51 

(c) Upon the acceptance of its appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder by a successor
Administrative Agent, such successor Administrative Agent shall thereupon succeed to and become vested with all the rights and duties of the Administrative Agent that resigned or was removed pursuant to subsections (a) or (b) of this
Section 7.09 (the Retiring Administrative Agent), and the Retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder. On and after the Resignation Effective Date or the Removal Effective Date,
as applicable: 

(i) except for any indemnity payments or other amounts then owed to the Retiring Administrative Agent, all
payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender directly, until such time, if any, as the Required Lenders appoint a successor Administrative Agent
as provided for above; and 

(ii) the provisions of this Article and Section 9.03 shall continue in effect for the
benefit of such Retiring Administrative Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them (i) while the Retiring
Administrative Agent was acting as Administrative Agent and (ii) after such resignation or removal for as long as any of them continues to act in any capacity hereunder, including in respect of any actions taken in connection with transferring
the agency to any successor Administrative Agent. 

Section 7.10. Administrative Agents
Fee. The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for its own account fees in the amounts and at the times previously agreed upon by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 

Section 7.11. Other Agents. None of the Documentation Agents and Syndication Agents, in its capacity as such,
shall have any duty or obligation of any kind under this Agreement. 

Section 7.12. Certain ERISA
Matters. 

(a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and
(y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the
Borrower, that at least one of the following is and will be true: 

52 

(i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of
Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise) of one or more Benefit Plans with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments or this Agreement, 

(ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a
class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts),
PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions
involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect
to, and the conditions for exemptive relief thereunder will be satisfied in connection with, such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, 

(iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning
of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Commitments
and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through
(g) of Part I of PTE 84- 14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect
to, and the conditions for exemptive relief thereunder will be satisfied in connection with, such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, or (iv) such
other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. 

(b) In addition, unless either (1) sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause
(a) is true with respect to a Lender or (2) a Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant in accordance with sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such
Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date

53 

such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower, that the Administrative
Agent is not a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender involved in such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the
reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any documents related hereto). 

Section 7.13. Recovery of Erroneous Payments. Without limitation of any other provision in this Agreement, if
at any time the Administrative Agent makes a payment hereunder in error to any Lender, whether or not in respect of an obligation under this Agreement or the Notes due and owing by the Borrower at such time, where such payment is a Rescindable
Amount, then in any such event, each Lender receiving a Rescindable Amount severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the Rescindable Amount received by such Lender in immediately available funds in the currency so
received, with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such Rescindable Amount is received by it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by
the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. Each Lender irrevocably waives any and all defenses, including any discharge for value (under which a creditor might otherwise claim a right to
retain funds mistakenly paid by a third party in respect of a debt owed by another) or similar defense to its obligation to return any Rescindable Amount. The Administrative Agent shall inform each Lender promptly upon determining that any
payment made to such Lender comprised, in whole or in part, a Rescindable Amount. 

ARTICLE 8 

CHANGEIN CIRCUMSTANCES

Section 8.01. [Reserved]. 

Section 8.02. Illegality. If, on or after the date hereof, any Change in Law shall make it unlawful or
impossible for any Lender (or its applicable Lending Office) to make, maintain or fund its Term SOFR Loans and such Lender shall so notify the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent shall forthwith give notice thereof to the other Lenders
and the Borrower, whereupon until such Lender notifies the Borrower and the Administrative Agent that the circumstances giving rise to such suspension no longer exist, the obligation of such Lender to make Term SOFR Loans, or to convert outstanding
Loans into Term SOFR Loans or continue outstanding Loans as Term SOFR Loans, in each case to the Borrower shall be suspended. Before giving any notice to the Administrative Agent 

54 

pursuant to this Section, such Lender shall designate a different applicable Lending Office if such designation will avoid the need for giving such notice and will not, in the judgment of such
Lender, be otherwise disadvantageous to such Lender. If such notice is given, each Term SOFR Loan of such Lender then outstanding to the Borrower shall be converted to a Base Rate Loan either (a) on the last day of the then current Interest
Period applicable to such Term SOFR Loan if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain and fund such Loan as a Term SOFR Loan to such day or (b) immediately if such Lender shall determine that it may not lawfully continue to maintain and
fund such Loan as a Term SOFR Loan to such day. Interest and principal on any such Base Rate Loan shall be payable on the same dates as, and on a pro rata basis with, the interest and principal payable on the related Term SOFR Loans of the other
Lenders. 

Section 8.03. Increased Cost and Reduced Return. 

(a) If on or after the date hereof any Change in Law 

(i) shall impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve (including, without limitation, any such requirement imposed by the
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), special deposit, insurance assessment or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit (including letters of credit and participations therein) extended by,
any Lender (or its applicable Lending Office); 

(ii) shall impose on any Lender (or its applicable Lending Office) any
other condition, cost or expense (other than taxes) affecting its Term SOFR Loans, its Notes or its obligation to make Term SOFR Loans; or 

(iii) shall subject any Lender or Agent to any taxes (other than (A) Taxes, (B) taxes described in (i), (ii), (iii) or
(iv) of the exclusions from Taxes and (C) Other Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto; 

and the result of any of the foregoing is to increase the cost to such Lender (or its applicable Lending Office) of making or maintaining any Term SOFR Loan
(or, in the case of a Change in Law with respect to taxes, any Loan) or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender (or its applicable Lending Office) under this Agreement or under its Notes with respect thereto, by an
amount deemed by such Lender to be material, then, within 15 days after demand by such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), the Borrower shall pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender for such
increased cost or reduction. 

55 

(b) If any Lender shall have determined that, after the date hereof, any Change in Law has
or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on capital or liquidity of such Lender (or its Parent) as a consequence of such Lenders obligations hereunder to a level below that which such Lender (or its Parent) could have achieved
but for such adoption, change, request or directive (taking into consideration its policies with respect to capital adequacy or liquidity) by an amount deemed by such Lender to be material, then from time to time, within 15 days after demand by such
Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), the Borrower shall pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender (or its Parent) for such reduction. 

(c) Each Lender will promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent of any event of which it has knowledge, occurring after the
date hereof, which will entitle such Lender to compensation pursuant to this Section and will designate a different applicable Lending Office if such designation will avoid the need for, or reduce the amount of, such compensation and will not, in
the judgment of such Lender, be otherwise disadvantageous to it. A certificate of any Lender claiming compensation under this Section and setting forth the additional amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender, as the case may be, shall
be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. 

(d) Failure or delay on the part of any Lender to demand compensation pursuant to this
Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lenders right to demand such compensation; provided that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender pursuant to this Section for any increased costs or reductions incurred
more than 180 days prior to the date that such Lender, as the case may be, notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lenders intention to claim compensation therefor; provided
further that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 180-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect
thereof. 

Section 8.04. Taxes. (a) For the purposes of this Agreement, the following terms have the
following meanings: FATCA means (a) Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Internal Revenue Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more
onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, (b) any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and (c) any intergovernmental agreement between the United
States and any other jurisdiction which facilitates the implementation of any law or regulation referred to in clause (a) above and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or official administrative practices adopted pursuant to any such
intergovernmental agreement. For purposes of this Agreement, the term applicable law includes FATCA. 

56 

Taxes means any and all present or future taxes, duties, levies, imposts,
deductions, charges or withholdings with respect to any payment by or on account of the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement or under any Note, and all liabilities with respect thereto, excluding (i) in the case of each Lender and the
Administrative Agent, taxes imposed on its net income, and franchise or similar taxes, in each case (A) imposed on it, by a jurisdiction under the laws of which it is organized or in which its principal executive office is located or, in the
case of a Lender, in which its applicable Lending Office is located or (B) that are Other Connection Taxes, (ii) in the case of each Lender, any United States withholding taxes imposed on such payment, but not excluding any portion of such
tax that exceeds the United States withholding tax which would have been imposed on such a payment to such Lender under the laws and treaties in effect (x) when such Lender first becomes a party to this Agreement or (y) when such Lender
changes its applicable Lending Office, (iii) taxes attributable to such Lenders or Administrative Agents failure to comply with Section 8.04(e), (f), (g) or (h) and (iv) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed under
FATCA. 

Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to a Lender or the Administrative Agent, taxes imposed as a result
of a present or former connection between such person and the jurisdiction imposing such tax (other than connections arising from such person having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under,
received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document). 

Other Taxes means any present or future stamp or documentary taxes and any other excise or property taxes, or similar
charges or levies, which arise from any payment made pursuant to this Agreement or under any Note or from the execution, delivery, registration or enforcement of, or otherwise with respect to, this Agreement or any Note, except any such taxes that
are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment. 

(b) All payments by or on account of the Borrower to or for the account
of any Lender or the Administrative Agent hereunder or under any Note shall be made without deduction for any taxes, except as required by applicable law. If any withholding agent shall be required by law to deduct any Taxes from any such payment,
(i) the sum payable by the Borrower shall be increased as necessary so that after all required deductions for Taxes are made (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section) such Lender or the Administrative Agent
(as the case may be) receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions been made, (ii) such withholding agent shall make such deductions, (iii) such withholding agent shall pay the full amount deducted to
the relevant taxation authority or other authority in accordance with applicable law and (iv) if the withholding agent is the Borrower, the Borrower shall promptly furnish to the Administrative Agent, at its address specified in or pursuant to
Section 9.01, the original or a certified copy of a receipt evidencing payment thereof. 

57 

(c) In addition, the Borrower agrees to timely pay any Other Taxes. 

(d) The Borrower agrees to indemnify each Lender and the Administrative Agent for the full amount of Taxes and Other Taxes (including, without
limitation, any Taxes or Other Taxes imposed or asserted (whether or not correctly) by any jurisdiction on amounts payable under this Section) paid by such Lender or the Administrative Agent (as the case may be) and any liability (including
penalties, interest and expenses) arising therefrom or with respect thereto. This indemnification shall be paid within 15 days after such Lender or the Administrative Agent (as the case may be) makes demand therefor. 

(e) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding tax with respect to payments made under this Agreement or any
Note shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the
Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other
documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or
information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 8.04(f), (g) and
(h) below) shall not be required if in the Lenders reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial
position of such Lender. Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the
Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 

(f) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Lender that
is not a U.S. person, before it signs and delivers this Agreement in the case of each Lender listed on the signature pages hereof and before it becomes a Lender in the case of each other Lender, and from time to time thereafter if requested in
writing by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent (but only so long as such Lender remains lawfully able to do so), shall provide each of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient)
with whichever of the following is applicable: 

58 

(i) in the case of a Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to
which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest hereunder or under any Note, executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable, establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. Federal withholding tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other
applicable payments hereunder or under any Note, IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable, establishing an exemption
from, or reduction of, U.S. Federal withholding tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty; 

(ii) executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI;

(iii) in the case of a Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the
Internal Revenue Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit H-1 to the effect that such Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Internal
Revenue Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the
Internal Revenue Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate) and (y) executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form
W-8BEN-E, as applicable; or 

(iv) to the
extent a Lender is not the beneficial owner, executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit H-2 or Exhibit H-3, IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that
if the Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit H-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner. 

(g) Any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall
deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent),
executed copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. Federal backup withholding tax. 

59 

(h) If a payment made to a Lender hereunder or under any Note would be subject to U.S.
Federal withholding tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Internal Revenue Code, as applicable), such
Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law
(including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Internal Revenue Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative
Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lenders obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause
(h), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 

(i) If a Lender, that is otherwise
exempt from or subject to a reduced rate of withholding tax, becomes subject to taxes because of its failure to deliver a form required hereunder, the Borrower shall take such steps as such Lender shall reasonably (at the expense of such Lender)
request to assist such Lender to recover such taxes. 

(j) If the Borrower is required to pay additional amounts to or for the account of
any Lender pursuant to this Section as a result of a change in law or treaty occurring after such Lender first became a party to this Agreement, then such Lender will, at the Borrowers request, change the jurisdiction of its applicable Lending
Office if, in the judgment of such Lender, such change will eliminate or reduce any such additional payment which may thereafter accrue and is not otherwise disadvantageous to such Lender. 

(k) Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within 10 days after demand therefor, for (i) any Taxes attributable
to such Lender (but only to the extent that the Borrower has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so), (ii) any taxes attributable to such Lenders failure to
comply with the provisions of Section 9.06(d) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any taxes excluded from the definition of Taxes and attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the
Administrative Agent in connection with this Agreement or any Note, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative
Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender hereunder or under any Note or otherwise payable by the Administrative
Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this paragraph (k). 

60 

(l) Unless required by applicable laws, at no time shall the Administrative Agent have any
obligation to file for or otherwise pursue on behalf of a Lender, or have any obligation to pay to any Lender, any refund of taxes withheld or deducted from funds paid for the account of such Lender, as the case may be. 

Section 8.05. Base Rate Loans Substituted for Affected Term SOFR Loans. If (i) the obligation of any
Lender to make, or to continue or convert outstanding Loans as or to, Term SOFR Loans has been suspended pursuant to Section 8.02 or (ii) any Lender has demanded compensation from the Borrower under Section 8.03 or 8.04 with respect
to its Term SOFR Loans, and in any such case the Borrower shall, by at least five U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior notice to such Lender through the Administrative Agent, have elected that the provisions of this Section shall
apply to such Lender, then, unless and until such Lender notifies the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such suspension or demand for compensation no longer exist, all Loans which would otherwise be made by such Lender as (or continued
as or converted to) Term SOFR Loans shall instead be Base Rate Loans on which interest and principal shall be payable contemporaneously with the related Term SOFR Loans of the other Lenders. If such Lender notifies the Borrower that the
circumstances giving rise to such suspension or demand for compensation no longer exist, the principal amount of each such Base Rate Loan shall be converted into a Term SOFR Loan on the first day of the next succeeding Interest Period applicable to
the related Term SOFR Loans of the other Lenders. 

Section 8.06. Substitution of Lender. If (i) the
obligation of any Lender to make Term SOFR Loans has been suspended pursuant to Section 8.02 or (ii) any Lender has demanded compensation under Section 8.03 or 8.04, the Borrower shall have the right, with the assistance of the
Administrative Agent, to seek a mutually satisfactory substitute bank or banks (which may be one or more of the Lenders) to purchase the Loans and assume the Commitment of such Lender. 

ARTICLE 9 

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 9.01. Notices. All notices, requests and other communications to any party hereunder shall be in
writing (including e-mail, facsimile or similar writing) and shall be given to such party: (a) in the case of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, at its address or facsimile number set forth on the
signature pages hereof or on Schedule 9.01, as applicable, (b) in the case of any Lender, at 

61 

its address or facsimile number set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire or in the case of any party, at such other address or facsimile number as such party may hereafter specify for the
purpose by notice to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower. Each such notice, request or other communication shall be effective (i) if given by facsimile when deemed received as provided below, (ii) if given by mail, 72 hours after
such communication is deposited in the mails with first class postage prepaid, addressed as aforesaid or (iii) except as provided below, if given by any other means, when delivered at the address referred to in this Section; provided
that notices to the Administrative Agent under Article 2 or Article 8 shall not be effective until received. 

Notices and other
communications to the Lenders hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e-mail and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative
Agent; provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender pursuant to Article 2 if such Lender has notified the Administrative Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article by electronic communication.
The Administrative Agent or the Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it, provided that approval of such procedures
may be limited to particular notices or communications. 

Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other
communications sent to a facsimile number or e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the senders receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt
requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), provided that if such notice or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the
recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient, and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed
received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the
website address therefor. 

THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE. THE AGENT PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW)
DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM THE BORROWER MATERIALS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY,
INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE 

62 

DEFECTS, IS MADE BY ANY AGENT PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE PLATFORM. In no event shall the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties (collectively, the
Agent Parties) have any liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other Person for losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses of any kind (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of the Borrowers or the
Administrative Agents transmission of Borrower Materials or notices through the Platform, any other electronic platform or electronic messaging service, or through the Internet. 

Section 9.02. No Waivers. No failure or delay by the Administrative Agent or any Lender in exercising any
right, power or privilege hereunder or under any Note shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. The
rights and remedies herein provided shall be cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by law. 

Section 9.03. Expenses; Indemnification. (a) The Borrower shall pay (i) all reasonable and
documented out-of-pocket expenses of the Administrative Agent, including reasonable and documented fees and disbursements of one special counsel for the Administrative
Agent, in connection with the preparation and administration of this Agreement, any waiver or consent hereunder or any amendment hereof or any Default or alleged Default hereunder and (ii) if an Event of Default occurs, all out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent and each Lender, including (without duplication) the fees and disbursements of outside counsel and the allocated
cost of inside counsel, in connection with such Event of Default and collection, bankruptcy, insolvency and other enforcement proceedings resulting therefrom. 

(b) The Borrower agrees to indemnify the Administrative Agent, the Joint Lead Arrangers and each Lender, their respective affiliates and the
respective directors, officers, agents, employees and other representatives of each of the foregoing (each an Indemnitee) and hold each Indemnitee harmless from and against any and all liabilities, losses, claims, damages, costs
and expenses of any kind, including, without limitation, the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel, which may be incurred by such Indemnitee in connection with the execution or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any
agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, (including, without limitation, the Indemnitees reliance on any Communication executed using an Electronic Signature, or in the form of an Electronic Record), any investigative,
administrative or judicial proceeding (whether or not such Indemnitee shall be designated a party thereto) brought or threatened relating to or arising out of this Agreement, any actual or proposed use of proceeds of Loans hereunder or the
transactions contemplated hereunder, regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto, and to reimburse each Indemnitee upon demand for any legal or 

63 

other expenses incurred in connection with investigating or defending any of the foregoing; provided that no Indemnitee shall have the right to be indemnified hereunder for such
Indemnitees own gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct, in each case as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable judgment and provided further that
each Indemnitee shall be obligated to refund or return any and all amounts paid by the Borrower pursuant to this Section 9.03 to such Indemnitee for any liabilities, losses, claims, damages, costs and expenses to the extent such Indemnitee is
not entitled to payment thereof in accordance with the terms hereof. 

(c) This Section 9.03 shall survive any termination of this
Agreement, the termination or assignment of the Commitments and the repayment of all outstanding Loans. 

(d) To the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law, each party hereto and each Indemnitee hereby waives, any claim, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection
with, or as a result of, this Agreement or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or the use of the proceeds thereof; provided that nothing in this clause (d) shall
limit the Borrowers indemnification and reimbursement obligations in this Section 9.03 to the extent such indirect, special, punitive or consequential damages are included in any claim by a person unaffiliated with the applicable
Indemnitee with respect to which the applicable Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification as set forth in this Section 9.03. 

Section 9.04. Set-offs; Sharing. 

(a) If (i) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and (ii) the Required Lenders have requested the Administrative Agent
to declare the Loans to be immediately due and payable pursuant to Article 6, or the Loans have become immediately due and payable without notice as provided in Article 6, then the Administrative Agent, each Lender and each of their respective
Affiliates are hereby authorized by the Borrower at any time and from time to time, to the extent permitted by applicable law, without notice to the Borrower (any such notice being expressly waived by the Borrower), to set off and apply all deposits
(general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held and other indebtedness at any time owing by the Administrative Agent, such Lender or any such Affiliate, as the case may be, to or for the account of the Borrower against
any obligations of the Borrower to the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, now or hereafter existing under this Agreement, regardless of whether any such deposit or other obligation is then due and payable or is in the same
currency or is booked or otherwise payable at the same office as the obligation against which it is set off and regardless of whether the Administrative Agent, such Lender or any such Affiliate, as the case may be, shall

64 

have made any demand for payment under this Agreement. The Administrative Agent, each Lender and each of their respective Affiliates agree promptly to notify the Borrower after any such set-off and application is made by such party; provided that any failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. The rights of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders
and their respective Affiliates under this subsection are in addition to any other rights and remedies which they may have. 

(b) Each
Lender agrees that if it shall, by exercising any right of set-off or counterclaim or otherwise, receive payment of a proportion of the aggregate amount of principal and interest then due with respect to the
Loans held by it which is greater than the proportion received by any other Lender in respect of the aggregate amount of principal and interest then due with respect to the Loans held by such other Lender, the Lender receiving such proportionately
greater payment shall purchase such participations in the Loans held by the other Lenders, and such other adjustments shall be made, as may be required so that all such payments of principal and interest with respect to the Loans held by the Lenders
shall be shared by the Lenders pro rata; provided that nothing in this Section shall impair the right of any Lender to exercise any right of set-off or counterclaim it may have and to apply the amount
subject to such exercise to the payment of indebtedness of the Borrower other than indebtedness in respect of the Loans. The Borrower agrees, to the fullest extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any holder of a participation in
a Loan, whether or not acquired pursuant to the foregoing arrangements, may exercise rights of set-off or counterclaim and other rights with respect to such participation as fully as if such holder of a
participation were a direct creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such participation. 

Section 9.05.
Amendments and Waivers. Any provision of this Agreement or the Notes may be amended or waived if, but only if, (x) such amendment or waiver is in writing, (y) such amendment or waiver is signed by the Borrower and the Required Lenders
(and, if the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent are affected thereby, by it) and (z) the Borrower has notified the Administrative Agent of such amendment or waiver in writing; provided that no such amendment or waiver shall:

(a) unless signed by each affected Lender, (i) increase the Commitment of any Lender, (ii) reduce the principal
of or rate of interest on any Loan or any interest thereon or any fees hereunder, (iii) postpone the date fixed for any payment of principal of or interest on any Loan or any fees hereunder or for the termination of any Commitment or
(iv) alter the pro rata treatment of the Lenders as provided herein in a manner adverse to any Lender; 

65 

(b) unless signed by all Lenders, change the percentage of the Commitments
or of the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Loans, or the number of Lenders, which shall be required for the Lenders or any of them to take any action under this Section or any other provision of this Agreement; or 

(c) unless signed by the Administrative Agent, amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of the Administrative
Agent hereunder. 

Section 9.06. Successors and Assigns. (a) The provisions of this Agreement shall
be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that the Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior
written consent of each Lender and the Administrative Agent (and any attempted assignment or transfer by the Borrower without such consent shall be null and void). 

(b) Any Lender may assign to one or more Eligible Assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all
or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it); provided that (i) except in the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lenders Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it
or in the case of an assignment to a Lender or an affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund with respect to a Lender, the aggregate amount of the Commitment (which for this purpose includes Loans outstanding thereunder) subject to each such
assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption Agreement, as hereinafter defined, with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent) shall not be less than $5,000,000, unless each of the Administrative
Agent and, so long as no Event of Default with respect to the Borrower has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower otherwise consents (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed); (ii) each partial assignment shall be made as an
assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to the Loan or the Commitment assigned and (iii) the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the
Administrative Agent an agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit I hereto (an Assignment and Assumption Agreement), together with a processing and recordation fee of $3,500, and the Eligible Assignee, if it shall not be a
Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire. Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to paragraph (c) of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in
each Assignment and Assumption Agreement, the Eligible Assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption Agreement, have the rights

66 

and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption Agreement, be released from
its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption Agreement covering all of the assigning Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue
to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 8.03, 8.04 and 9.03). Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this paragraph shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale
by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with paragraph (d) of this Section. 

(c) The
Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, shall maintain a copy of each Assignment and Assumption Agreement delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the
Commitments of, and principal amount of (and stated interest on) the Loans owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error,
and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary.
The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 

(d) Any Lender may, without the consent of, or notice to, the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to one or more banks
or other entities (other than the Borrower or its Affiliates, a Defaulting Lender or its Affiliates, or a natural person, a Participant) in all or a portion of such Lenders rights and/or obligations under this Agreement
(including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Loans owing to it); provided that (i) such Lenders obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other
parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lenders rights and
obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or
waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver described in clause (i), (ii)
or (iii) of Section 9.05(a) that affects such Participant. Subject to paragraph (e) of this Section, the Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits 

67 

of Article 8 to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant
also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 9.04 as though it were a Lender, provided such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 9.04 as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for
this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts of (and stated interest on) each
Participants interest in the Loans or other obligations hereunder or under any Note (the Participant Register); provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant
Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participants interest in any Commitments, Loans or its other obligations hereunder or under any Note) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure
is necessary to establish that such Commitment, Loan or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register
shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary.
For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 

(e) A Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 8.03 or 8.04 than the applicable Lender would have
been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, unless the sale of the participation to such Participant is made with the Borrowers prior written consent or except to the extent such entitlement to receive
a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation. A Participant organized under the laws of a jurisdiction outside the United States shall not be entitled to the benefits of
Section 8.04 unless such Participant complies with the requirements of Section 8.04 as though it were a Lender (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 8.04(f) shall be delivered to the participating
Lender)). 

(f) Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to
secure obligations of such Lender, including without limitation any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank; provided that no such pledge or assignment of a security interest shall release a Lender from any of its
obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 

68 

Section 9.07. [Reserved.] 

Section 9.08. No Reliance on Margin Stock. Each of the Lenders represents to each Agent and each of the other
Lenders that it in good faith is not relying upon any margin stock (as defined in Regulation U) as collateral in the extension or maintenance of the credit provided for in this Agreement. 

Section 9.09. Confidentiality. (a) The Administrative Agent and each Lender agrees to keep any
information delivered or made available by the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement confidential from anyone other than persons employed or retained by such Lender who are engaged in evaluating, approving, structuring or administering the credit
facility contemplated hereby; provided that nothing herein shall prevent any Lender from disclosing such information (a) to its and its affiliates directors, officers, employees, controlling persons and agents, including
accountants, legal counsel and other advisors who need to know such information (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such information and instructed to keep such
information confidential), (b) to any other Lender or to the Administrative Agent, (c) to any other Person if reasonably incidental to the administration of the credit facility contemplated hereby, (d) upon the order of any court or
administrative agency (in which case such Person agrees to inform the Borrower promptly thereof to the extent practicable and not prohibited by law or such order), (e) upon the request or demand of any regulatory agency or authority or self
regulatory authority, (f) which (i) had been publicly disclosed other than as a result of a disclosure by the Administrative Agent or any Lender prohibited by this Agreement (ii) becomes available to any of them on a non-confidential basis from a source other than the Borrower or one of its agents (which source, to the knowledge of the Lenders, is not bound by any obligation of confidentiality to the Borrower) or (iii) was
known to any of them on a non-confidential basis prior to its disclosure to them (as the case may be) by the Borrower or one of its agents, (g) in connection with any litigation to which the
Administrative Agent, any Lender or its subsidiaries or Parent may be a party (in which case such Person agrees to inform the Borrower promptly thereof to the extent practicable and not prohibited by law or such legal process), (h) to the extent
necessary in connection with the exercise of any remedy hereunder, (i) subject to provisions substantially similar to those contained in this Section, to any actual or proposed Participant or Eligible Assignee or to any direct or indirect
contractual counterparties (or the professional advisors thereto) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to the Borrower and its obligations, (j) to any rating agency or CUSIP Bureau when required by it or (k) with the
Borrowers consent. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing herein prohibits any individual from communicating or disclosing information regarding suspected violations of laws, rules, or regulations to a governmental, regulatory, or self-regulatory
authority without any notification to any person. 

69 

(b) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, any party hereto (and any employee,
representative or other agent of thereof) may disclose to any and all Persons, without limitation of any kind, the U.S. federal income tax treatment and the U.S. federal income tax structure of the transactions contemplated hereby and all materials
of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to it relating to such tax treatment and tax structure. However, no disclosure of any information relating to such tax treatment or tax structure may be made to the extent
nondisclosure is reasonably necessary in order to comply with applicable securities laws. 

Section 9.10.
Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction. This Agreement and each Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. The Borrower hereby submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the United States
District Court for the Southern District of New York or, if that court does not have subject matter jurisdiction, of any State court located in the City and County of New York and any appellate court thereof for purposes of all legal proceedings
arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. The Borrower irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of the venue of any such
proceeding brought in such a court and any claim that any such proceeding brought in such a court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. 

Section 9.11. Counterparts; Integration. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different
parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement, the Notes, and any separate letter agreements with respect to fees
payable to the Administrative Agent, constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof.

Section 9.12. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND
ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

Section 9.13. USA PATRIOT Act Notice. Each Lender that is subject to the USA PATRIOT Act and the
Administrative Agent (for itself and not on behalf of any Lender) hereby notifies the Borrower that, pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act, it may be required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Borrower, which
information includes the name and address of the Borrower and other information that will allow such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, to identify the Borrower in accordance with the USA PATRIOT Act. 

70 

Section 9.14. No Advisory or Fiduciary Duty. The Borrower
agrees that in connection with all aspects of the Loans contemplated by this Agreement and any transactions in connection therewith, (i) (A) the arranging and other services regarding this Agreement provided by the Administrative Agent, the
Joint Lead Arrangers and the Lenders are arms-length commercial transactions between the Borrower and its Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent, the Joint Lead Arrangers and the
Lenders, on the other hand, (B) the Borrower has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate, and (C) the Borrower is capable of evaluating, and understands and accepts, the
terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the Notes; (ii) (A) the Administrative Agent, each Joint Lead Arranger and each Lender is and has been acting solely as a principal and, except as expressly agreed in
writing by the relevant parties, has not been, is not, and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary for the Borrower or any of its Affiliates, or any other Person and (B) neither the Administrative Agent, any Joint Lead Arranger nor
any Lender has any obligation to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the Notes; and (iii) the Administrative Agent, the Joint Lead
Arrangers and the Lenders and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Borrower and its Affiliates, and neither the Administrative Agent, any Joint Lead Arranger
nor any Lender has any obligation to disclose any of such interests to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Borrower hereby waives and releases any claims that it may have against the Administrative
Agent, any Joint Lead Arranger or any Lender with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty in connection with any aspect of any transaction contemplated hereby. 

Section 9.15. Survival. Each partys rights and obligations under Articles 7, 8 and 9 shall survive the
resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations hereunder or under any Note.

Section 9.16. Electronic Execution; Electronic Records; Counterparts. This Agreement, any Loan Document
and any other Communication, including Communications required to be in writing, may be in the form of an Electronic Record and may be executed using Electronic Signatures. The Borrower and each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders agrees
that any Electronic Signature on or associated with any Communication shall be valid and binding on such 

71 

Person to the same extent as a manual, original signature, and that any Communication entered into by Electronic Signature, will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Person
enforceable against such Person in accordance with the terms thereof to the same extent as if a manually executed original signature was delivered. Any Communication may be executed in as many counterparts as necessary or convenient, including both
paper and electronic counterparts, but all such counterparts are one and the same Communication. For the avoidance of doubt, the authorization under this paragraph may include, without limitation, use or acceptance of a manually signed paper
Communication which has been converted into electronic form (such as scanned into PDF format), or an electronically signed Communication converted into another format, for transmission, delivery and/or retention. The Administrative Agent and each of
the Lenders may, at its option, create one or more copies of any Communication in the form of an imaged Electronic Record (Electronic Copy), which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Persons business, and
destroy the original paper document. All Communications in the form of an Electronic Record, including an Electronic Copy, shall be considered an original for all purposes, and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper
record. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the Administrative Agent is not under any obligation to accept an Electronic Signature in any form or in any format unless expressly agreed to by such Person pursuant to procedures
approved by it; provided, further, without limiting the foregoing, (a) to the extent the Administrative Agent has agreed to accept such Electronic Signature, the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders shall be entitled to
rely on any such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower and/or any Lender without further verification and (b) upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, any Electronic Signature shall be
promptly followed by such manually executed counterpart. For purposes hereof, Electronic Record and Electronic Signature shall have the meanings assigned to them, respectively, by 15 USC 7006, as it may be
amended from time to time. 

The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into the
sufficiency, validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with the Administrative Agents reliance on any
Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed .pdf or any other electronic means). The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely on, and shall incur no liability under or in respect of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by acting
upon, any Communication (which writing may be a fax, any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution or signed using an Electronic Signature) or any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to
be genuine and signed or sent or otherwise authenticated (whether or not such Person in fact meets the requirements set forth in the Loan Documents for being the maker thereof). 

72 

The Borrower and each Lender hereby waives (i) any argument, defense or right to
contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any ancillary document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Agreement, such other Loan Document and/or such ancillary
document, and (ii) waives any claim against the Administrative Agent, each Lender for any liabilities arising solely from the Administrative Agents and/or any Lenders reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures, including any
liabilities arising as a result of the failure of the Borrower to use any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature. 

Section 9.17. Electronic Execution of Assignments and Certain Other Documents. The words execute,
execution, signed, signature, and words of like import in or related to any document to be signed in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby (including without limitation Assignment
and Assumption Agreements, amendments or other modifications, any Notice of Borrowing, any Notice of Interest Rate Election, waivers and consents) shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, the electronic matching of assignment terms and
contract formations on electronic platforms approved by the Administrative Agent, or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use
of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records
Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act; provided that notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary the Administrative Agent is under no obligation to agree to accept electronic
signatures in any form or in any format unless expressly agreed to by the Administrative Agent pursuant to procedures approved by it. 

Section 9.18. Acknowledgment And Consent To Bail-in Of Affected Financial
Institutions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, any Note or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial
Institution arising under this Agreement or any Note, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the write-down and conversion powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to
be bound by: 

73 

(a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution
Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and 

(b) the effects of any Bail-in Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: 

(i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; 

(ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected
Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any
such liability under this Agreement or any Note; or 

(iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with
the exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 

74 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by
their respective authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 

CONSOLIDATED EDISON COMPANY OF NEW YORK, INC.

By: 

/s/ Yukari Saegusa

Name: Yukari Saegusa

Title: Vice President and Treasurer

Address: 4 Irving Place

New York, NY
10003

[Signature Page to CECONY
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement] 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.,

as Administrative Agent and Lender

By: /s/ Jacqueline G. Margetis

Name: Jacqueline G. Margetis

Title: Director

[Signature Page to CECONY 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement]

BARCLAYS BANK PLC,

as Lender

By: /s/ Sydney G. Dennis

Name: Sydney G. Dennis

Title: Director

[Signature Page to CECONY 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement]

CITIBANK, N.A.,

as Lender

By: /s/ Richard Rivera

Name: Richard Rivera

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to CECONY 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement]

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.,

as Lender

By: /s/ Khawaja Tariq

Name: Khawaja Tariq

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to CECONY 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement]

MIZUHO BANK, LTD.,

as Lender

By: /s/ Edward Sacks

Name: Edward Sacks

Title: Managing Director

[Signature Page to CECONY 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement]

WELLS FARGO BANK, N.A.,

as Lender

By: /s/ Whitney Shellenberg

Name: Whitney Shellenberg

Title: Executive Director

[Signature Page to CECONY 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement]

CANADIAN IMPERIAL BANK OF COMMERCE, NEW YORK BRANCH,

as Lender

By: /s/ Amit Vasani

Name: Amit Vasani

Title: Managing Director

[Signature Page to CECONY 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement]

KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Lender

By: /s/ Richard Gerling

Name: Richard Gerling

Title: Senior Vice President

[Signature Page to CECONY 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement]

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Lender

By: /s/ Anna Bartholomew

Name: Anna Bartholomew

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to CECONY 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement]

SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING CORPORATION,

as Lender

By: /s/ Alkesh Nanavaty

Name: Alkesh Nanavaty

Title: Executive Director

[Signature Page to CECONY 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement]

THE TORONTO-DOMINION BANK, NEW YORK BRANCH,

as Lender

By: /s/ Betty Chang

Name: Betty Chang

Title: Authorized Signatory

[Signature Page to CECONY 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement]

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON,

as Lender

By: /s/ Molly Ross

Name: Molly Ross

Title: Director

[Signature Page to CECONY 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement]

THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA,

as Lender

By: /s/ David Dewar

Name: David Dewar

Title: Director

[Signature Page to CECONY 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement]

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Lender

By: /s/ John Prigge

Name: John Prigge

Title: Senior Vice President

[Signature Page to CECONY 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement]

THE NORTHERN TRUST COMPANY,

as Lender

By: /s/ Andrew D. Holtz

Name: Andrew D. Holtz

Title: Senior Vice President

[Signature Page to CECONY 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement]

COMMITMENT SCHEDULE 

Lender Commitment Initial Percentage 

Bank of America, N.A. $ 40,000,000.00 8.000000000 % 

Barclays Bank PLC $ 40,000,000.00 8.000000000 % 

Citibank, N.A. $ 40,000,000.00 8.000000000 % 

JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. $ 40,000,000.00 8.000000000 % 

Mizuho Bank, Ltd. $ 40,000,000.00 8.000000000 % 

Wells Fargo Bank, National Association $ 40,000,000.00 8.000000000 % 

KeyBank National Association $ 31,458,333.33 6.291666666 % 

Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation $ 31,458,333.33 6.291666666 % 

The Bank of New York Mellon $ 31,458,333.33 6.291666666 % 

The Bank of Nova Scotia $ 31,458,333.33 6.291666666 % 

Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, New York Branch $ 31,458,333.33 6.291666666 % 

PNC Bank, National Association $ 31,458,333.33 6.291666666 % 

The Toronto-Dominion Bank, New York Branch $ 31,458,333.33 6.291666666 % 

U.S. Bank National Association $ 31,458,333.33 6.291666666 % 

The Northern Trust Company $ 8,333,333.36 1.666666672 % 

Total $ 500,000,000.00 100.000000000 % 

CONSOLIDATED EDISON COMPANY OF NEW YORK, INC. 

PRICING SCHEDULE 

Each of
Facility Fee Rate Term SOFR Margin and Base Rate Margin for the Borrower means, for any day, the rate per annum set forth below in the row opposite such term and in the column corresponding to
the Pricing Level for the Borrower on such day: 

Pricing Level Level I Level II Level III Level IV Level V Level VI 

Facility Fee Rate 0.050 % 0.075 % 0.100 % 0.150 % 0.200 % 0.250 % 

Term SOFR Margin 0.825 % 0.925 % 1.025 % 1.100 % 1.300 % 1.500 % 

Base Rate Margin 0.000 % 0.000 % 0.025 % 0.100 % 0.300 % 0.500 % 

For purposes of this Schedule, the following terms have the following meanings, subject to the concluding
paragraph of this Schedule: 

Level I Pricing applies on any day on which the Borrowers long-term debt is rated A+
or higher by S&P or A1 or higher by Moodys. 

Level II Pricing applies on any day on which (i) the
Borrowers long-term debt is rated A or higher by S&P or A2 or higher by Moodys and (ii) Level I Pricing does not apply. 

Level III Pricing applies on any day on which (i) the Borrowers long-term debt is rated A- or higher by S&P or A3 or higher by Moodys and (ii) neither Level I Pricing nor Level II Pricing applies. 

Level IV Pricing applies on any day on which (i) the Borrowers long-term debt is rated BBB+ or higher by S&P
or Baa1 or higher by Moodys and (ii) none of Level I Pricing, Level II Pricing or Level III Pricing applies. 

Level V Pricing applies on any day on which (i) the Borrowers long-term debt is rated BBB or higher by S&P
or Baa2 or higher by Moodys and (ii) none of Level I Pricing, Level II Pricing, Level III Pricing or Level IV Pricing applies. 

Level VI Pricing applies on any day if no other Pricing Level applies on such day. 

Moodys means Moodys Investors Service, Inc. (or any successor thereto). 

Pricing Level refers to the determination of which of Level I, Level II, Level III, Level IV, Level V or Level VI Pricing
applies on any day. 

S&P means Standard & Poors Financial Services LLC, a
subsidiary of S&P Global Inc. (or any successor thereto). 

The credit ratings to be utilized for purposes of this Schedule are those
assigned to the senior unsecured long-term debt securities of the Borrower without third-party credit enhancement (or, if no such rating is so assigned, the issuer rating assigned to the Borrower by S&Ps and/or Moodys), and any
rating assigned to any other debt security of the Borrower shall be disregarded. The ratings in effect for any day are those in effect at the close of business on such day. 

In the case of split ratings from S&P and Moodys, the rating to be used to determine the applicable Pricing Level is the higher of
the two (e.g., A+/A2 results in Level I Pricing); provided that if the split is more than one full rating category, a rating one notch below the higher of the two will be used (e.g. A-/Baa2 results in
Level IV Pricing and A/Baa2 results in Level III Pricing). 

SCHEDULE 9.01 

Administrative Agents Office; Certain Addresses for Notices 

ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT: 

Administrative Agents Office

(for payments and Requests for Credit Extensions): 

Bank
of America, N.A. 

1950 N. Stemmons Fwy 

Mail Code: TX1-160-06-02

Dallas, TX 75207 

Attention: Nathalye V. Cristobal 

Telephone: 469-201-0888

Electronic Mail: nathalye.v.cristobal@bofa.com 

Account No.: 

Ref: Consolidated Edison Company of New York, Inc.

ABA#: 

Attention: SLC OPERATIONS 

Bank to Bank Instructions: LOAN WIRE ACCOUNT 

Other Notices
as Administrative Agent: 

Bank of America, N.A. 

Agency
Management 

900 W Trade Street 

Mail Code: NC1-026-06-03

Charlotte, NC 28255-0001

Attention: Kelly Weaver 

Telephone: 980-387-5452

Facsimile: 704-208-2871

Electronic Mail: kelly.weaver@bofa.com

EXHIBIT A 

NOTE 

New York, New York

__________ ____,
20__

For value received, CONSOLIDATED EDISON COMPANY OF NEW YORK, INC., a New York corporation (the
Borrower), promises to pay to the order of ______________________ or its registered assigns (the Lender), for the account of its Applicable Lending Office, the unpaid principal amount of each Loan made by the
Lender to the Borrower pursuant to the Credit Agreement referred to below on the maturity date provided for in the Credit Agreement. The Borrower promises to pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of each such Loan on the dates and at the rate
or rates provided for in the Credit Agreement. All such payments of principal and interest shall be made in lawful money of the United States in Federal or other immediately available funds at the office of Bank of America, N.A., One Bryant Park,
New York, New York, 10036. 

All Loans made by the Lender, the respective types thereof and all repayments of the principal thereof shall
be recorded by the Lender and, if the Lender so elects in connection with any transfer or enforcement hereof, appropriate notations to evidence the foregoing information with respect to each such Loan then outstanding may be endorsed by the Lender
on the schedule attached hereto, or on a continuation of such schedule attached to and made a part hereof; provided that the failure of the Lender to make (or any error in making) any such recordation or endorsement shall not affect the
Borrowers obligations hereunder or under the Credit Agreement. 

This note is one of the Notes referred to in that certain
$500,000,000 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of March 24, 2025 among the Borrower, the Lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent (as the same may be amended from
time to time, the Credit Agreement). Terms defined in the Credit Agreement are used herein with the same meanings. Reference is made to the Credit Agreement for provisions for the prepayment hereof and the acceleration of the
maturity hereof. 

A-1 

CONSOLIDATED EDISON COMPANY OF NEW YORK, INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

A-2 

LOANS AND PAYMENTS OF PRINCIPAL 

Date 

Amount of

Loan 

Type of Loan 

Amount of

Principal

Repaid 

Notation

Made By

A-3 

EXHIBIT B 

NOTICE OF BORROWING 

Date:
___________, _____ 

To: 

Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

Reference is made to
that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of March 24, 2025 (as amended, restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the Agreement; the terms defined therein being used herein as therein
defined), among Consolidated Edison Company of New York, Inc., the Lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 

The undersigned hereby requests a Borrowing of Loans: 

1. On (a Business Day).

2. In the amount of $ .

3. Comprised of .

[Base Rate Loans or Term SOFR Loans]

4. For Term SOFR Loans: with an Interest Period of .1

The Borrowing requested herein complies with the proviso to the first sentence of
Section 2.01 of the Agreement. 

CONSOLIDATED EDISON COMPANY OF NEW YORK, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

1 

One, three or six months. 

B-1 

EXHIBIT C 

NOTICE OF INTEREST RATE ELECTION 

Date: ___________, _____ 

To: 

Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

Reference is made to
that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of March 24, 2025 (as amended, restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the Agreement; the terms defined therein being used herein as therein
defined), among Consolidated Edison Company of New York, Inc., the Lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 

The undersigned hereby requests a conversion or continuation of Loans 

1. On (a Business Day).

2. In the amount of $ .

3. Comprised of .

[Base Rate Loans or Term SOFR Loans]

4. For Term SOFR Loans: with an Interest Period of .2

CONSOLIDATED EDISON COMPANY OF NEW YORK, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

2 

One, three or six months. 

C-1 

EXHIBIT D 

[RESERVED] 

D-1 

EXHIBIT E 

[RESERVED] 

E-1 

EXHIBIT F 

OPINION OF COUNSEL FOR 

CONSOLIDATED EDISON COMPANY OF NEW YORK, INC. 

March 24, 2025 

To the Lenders and the
Administrative Agent 

Referred to Below 

c/o Bank of
America, N.A., as Administrative Agent 

One Bryant Park 

New
York, New York 10036 

I am Senior Vice President and General Counsel of Consolidated Edison Company of New York, Inc., a New York
corporation (the Company), and as such am familiar with the legal affairs of the Company. I and other members of the Companys Law Department have represented the Company in connection with the
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of March 24, 2025 (the Credit Agreement) among the Company, the Lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent.
Capitalized terms used herein without definition are used as defined in the Credit Agreement. This opinion letter is being rendered to you pursuant to Section 3.01(b) of the Credit Agreement. 

In connection with this opinion letter, I have examined an execution copy of the Credit Agreement and originals or copies, certified or
otherwise identified to my satisfaction, of such documents, corporate records and certificates of public officials and have discussed the foregoing documents and such other matters with such personnel of the Law Department and such officials of the
Company, as I considered necessary or appropriate to enable me to express the opinions stated in this opinion letter. In such examination, I have assumed the genuineness of all documents submitted to me as originals, and the conformity to the
originals of all documents submitted to me as copies. 

Based on the foregoing and subject to the other qualifications, assumptions and
limitations stated herein, it is my opinion that: 

1. The Company has been duly formed and is validly existing and in good standing under
the laws of New York and has all corporate powers and all material governmental licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals required to carry on its business as now conducted. 

2. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Credit Agreement and the Notes are within the Companys corporate
powers, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action and require no action by or in respect of, or filing with, any governmental body, agency or official (except the authorization by the FERC of short-term borrowings, which has been
obtained for borrowings prior to April 30, 2026 in amounts at any time outstanding of up to $4,000,000,000 and the filing of such reports with the FERC as may be required under law), and do not contravene, or constitute a default under, any
provision of applicable law or regulation or of the Companys restated certificate of incorporation or by-laws or, to my knowledge, of any agreement, judgment, injunction, order, decree or other
instrument binding upon the Company or result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any asset of the Company. 

F-1 

3. The Credit Agreement constitutes a valid and binding agreement of the Company and each
Note issued thereunder today constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Company, in each case, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally
and general principles of equity. 

4. Except as otherwise disclosed in the Companys periodic reports under the Exchange Act, to the
best of my knowledge, there is no action, suit or proceeding pending or threatened against or affecting the Company before any court or arbitrator or any governmental body, agency or official, in which there is a reasonable possibility of an adverse
decision which could materially adversely affect the business, consolidated financial position or consolidated results of operations of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, considered as a whole, or which in any manner draws into question
the validity of the Credit Agreement or the Notes. 

This opinion letter is provided as a legal opinion only, and not as a guaranty or
warranty of the matters discussed herein. The opinions expressed in this opinion letter is limited to the matters stated herein, and no opinion is implied or may be inferred beyond the matters expressly stated. 

The opinions expressed in this opinion letter are based on laws and regulations as in effect on the date hereof and facts as I understand them
as of the date hereof. I am not assuming any obligation, and do not undertake to revise, update or supplement this opinion letter after the date hereof notwithstanding any change in applicable law or regulation or interpretation thereof, any
amendment, supplement modification or rescission of any document examined or relied on in connection herewith, or any change in the facts, after the date hereof. 

I am admitted to the bars of the State of Connecticut, the State of Delaware and the District of Columbia, and I express no opinion as to any
laws of any jurisdiction other than those of the State of New York and the federal laws of the United States of America to the extent specifically referred to herein (the Applicable Laws). With respect to the laws of the State of
New York, I have received advice, satisfactory to me, from New York counsel in the Law Department admitted in such jurisdiction. Insofar as the opinions expressed herein relate to matters governed by laws other than the Applicable Laws, I have
assumed, without having made any independent investigation, that such laws do not affect any of the opinions set forth herein. 

The
opinions expressed in this opinion letter are rendered in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Credit Agreement solely for your benefit and are not to be relied upon, quoted, circulated, used or otherwise referred to for any other
purpose, nor may it be relied upon by any other person, without my prior written consent. 

Very truly yours,

Consolidated Edison Company of New York, Inc. 

4 Irving Place New York NY 10003 212 460 1315 donnleyd@coned.com 

EXHIBIT G 

[RESERVED] 

G-1 

EXHIBIT H -1

[FORM OF] 

U.S. TAX
COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 

(For Foreign Lenders That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 

Reference is hereby made to that certain $500,000,000 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of
March 24, 2025 (as amended, restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement), among Consolidated Edison Company of New York, Inc., as the Borrower, each lender from time to time
party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 8.04 (Taxes) of the
Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a
bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code, (iii) it is not a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code
and (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Internal Revenue Code. 

The undersigned has furnished the Administrative Agent and the Borrower with a certificate of its
non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E. By executing this
certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times
furnished the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding
such payments. 

Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to
them in the Credit Agreement. 

[NAME OF LENDER]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Date: ________ __, 20[ ] 

H-1 

EXHIBIT H-2

[FORM OF] 

U.S. TAX
COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 

(For Foreign Participants That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 

Reference is hereby made to that certain $500,000,000 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of
March 24, 2025 (as amended, restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement), among Consolidated Edison Company of New York, Inc., as the Borrower, each lender from time to time
party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 8.04 (Taxes) of the
Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of
Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code, (iii) it is not a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code, and (iv) it is not a
controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Internal Revenue Code. 

The undersigned has furnished its participating Lender with a certificate of its non-U.S. Person
status on IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the
information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Lender in writing, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Lender with a properly completed and currently effective
certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 

Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit
Agreement. 

[NAME OF PARTICIPANT]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Date: ________ __, 20[ ] 

H-2 

EXHIBIT H-3

[FORM OF] 

U.S. TAX
COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 

(For Foreign Participants That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 

Reference is hereby made to that certain $500,000,000 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of
March 24, 2025 (as amended, restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement), among Consolidated Edison Company of New York, Inc., as the Borrower, each lender from time to time
party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 8.04 (Taxes) of the
Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners/members are the sole beneficial owners
of such participation, (iii) with respect such participation, neither the undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of
its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of
Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code and (v) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Internal
Revenue Code. 

The undersigned has furnished its participating Lender with IRS Form W-8IMY
accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable, or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable, from each of such partners/members beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption. By executing this certificate, the
undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Lender and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Lender with a properly completed and
currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 

Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit
Agreement. 

[NAME OF PARTICIPANT]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Date: ________ __, 20[ ] 

H-3 

EXHIBIT H-4

[FORM OF] 

U.S. TAX
COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 

(For Foreign Lenders That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 

Reference is hereby made to that certain $500,000,000 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of
March 24, 2025 (as amended, restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement), among Consolidated Edison Company of New York, Inc., as the Borrower, each lender from time to time
party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 8.04 (Taxes) of the
Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect
partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)), (iii) with respect to the extension of credit pursuant to this Credit Agreement or any other loan document, neither the undersigned nor
any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Internal Revenue
Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code and (v) none of its direct or indirect
partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Internal Revenue Code. 

The undersigned has furnished the Administrative Agent and the Borrower with IRS Form W-8IMY
accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable, or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable, from each of such partners/members beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption. By executing this certificate, the
undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished the Borrower
and the Administrative Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 

Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit
Agreement. 

[NAME OF LENDER]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Date: ________ __, 20[ ] 

H-4 

EXHIBIT I 

ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT 

AGREEMENT dated as of _________, 20__ among [NAME OF ASSIGNOR] (the Assignor) and [NAME OF ASSIGNEE] (the
Assignee). 

WHEREAS, this Assignment and Assumption Agreement (the Agreement) relates to that
certain $500,000,000 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of March 24, 2025 among CONSOLIDATED EDISON COMPANY OF NEW YORK, INC., A NEW YORK CORPORATION (the Borrower), the
Assignor and the other Lenders party thereto and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent (the Administrative Agent) (as amended from time to time, the Credit Agreement); 

WHEREAS, as provided under the Credit Agreement, the Assignor has a Commitment to make Loans to the Borrower in an aggregate principal amount
at any time outstanding not to exceed $____________; 

WHEREAS, Loans made to the Borrower by the Assignor under the Credit Agreement in
the aggregate principal amount of $__________ are outstanding at the date hereof; 

WHEREAS, the Assignor proposes to assign to the
Assignee all of the rights of the Assignor under the Credit Agreement in respect of a portion of its Commitment thereunder in an amount equal to $__________ (the Assigned Amount), together with a corresponding portion of each of
its outstanding Loans, and the Assignee proposes to accept such assignment and assume the corresponding obligations of the Assignor under the Credit Agreement; 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual agreements contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

SECTION 1. Definitions. All capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein have the respective meanings set forth
in the Credit Agreement. 

SECTION 2. Assignment. The Assignor hereby assigns and sells to the Assignee all of
the rights of the Assignor under the Credit Agreement to the extent of the Assigned Amount and a corresponding portion of each of its outstanding Loans, and the Assignee hereby accepts such assignment from the Assignor and assumes all of the
obligations of the Assignor under the Credit Agreement to the extent of the Assigned Amount. Upon the execution and delivery hereof by the Assignor and the Assignee and the execution of the consent attached hereto by [the Borrower and] the
Administrative Agent and the payment of the amounts specified in Section 3 required to be paid on the date hereof (i) the Assignee shall, as of the date hereof, succeed to the rights and be obligated to perform the obligations of a Lender
under the Credit Agreement with a Commitment in an amount equal to the Assigned Amount and acquire the rights of the Assignor with respect to a corresponding portion of each of its outstanding Loans and (ii) the Commitment of the Assignor
shall, as of the date hereof, be reduced by the Assigned Amount, and the Assignor shall be released from its obligations under the Credit Agreement to the extent such obligations have been assumed by the Assignee. The assignment provided for herein
shall be without recourse to the Assignor. The Assignees Percentage after giving effect to the assignment contemplated hereby is [ ]%. 

I-1 

SECTION 3. Payments. As consideration for the assignment and sale
contemplated in Section 2 hereof, the Assignee shall pay to the Assignor on the date hereof in Federal funds the amount heretofore agreed between them.1 Facility fees accrued before the date
hereof are for the account of the Assignor and such fees accruing on and after the date hereof with respect to the Assigned Amount are for the account of the Assignee. Each of the Assignor and the Assignee agrees that if it receives any amount under
the Credit Agreement which is for the account of the other party hereto, it shall receive the same for the account of such other party to the extent of such other partys interest therein and promptly pay the same to such other party. 

SECTION 4. Consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. This Agreement is conditioned upon the consent of
[the Borrower and] the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 9.06(b) of the Credit Agreement. 

SECTION 5.
No Reliance on Assignor. The Assignor makes no representation or warranty in connection with, and shall have no responsibility with respect to, the solvency, financial condition or statements of the Borrower, or the validity and enforceability
of the Borrowers obligations under the Credit Agreement or any Note. The Assignee acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance on the Assignor, and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its
own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement and will continue to be responsible for making its own independent appraisal of the business, affairs and financial condition of the Borrower. 

SECTION 6. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the
State of New York. 

SECTION 7. Counterparts. This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each
of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. 

IN WITNESS
WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed and delivered by their duly authorized officers as of the date first above written. 

[NAME OF ASSIGNOR]

By: 

Name:

Title:

1 

Amount should combine principal together with accrued interest and breakage compensation, if any, to be paid by
the Assignee, net of any portion of any upfront fee to be paid by the Assignor to the Assignee. It may be preferable in an appropriate case to specify these amounts generically or by formula rather than as a fixed sum. 

I-2 

[NAME OF ASSIGNEE]

By: 

Name:

Title:

The undersigned consent to the foregoing assignment. 

CONSOLIDATED EDISON COMPANY OF NEW YORK, INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

I-3 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent

By: 

Name:

Title:

J-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ed-20250324.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
1001 - Document - Cover Page 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink 
link:calculationLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.CAL
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ed-20250324_cal.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ed-20250324_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ed-20250324_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Entities [Table] 
Entities [Table] 

Entity Information [Line Items] 
Entity Information [Line Items] 

Amendment Flag 

City Area Code 

Document Period End Date 

Document Type 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity File Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Local Phone Number 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

Security Exchange Name 

Soliciting Material 

Trading Symbol 

Written Communications 

Legal Entity [Axis] 
Legal Entity [Axis] 

Entity [Domain] 
Entity [Domain] 

Consolidated Edison Company of New York, Inc. [Member] 
CECONY 

Consolidated Edison Company of New York, Inc. [Member]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ed-20250324_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover Page

Mar. 24, 2025

Entity Information [Line Items] 

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 24, 2025

Entity Registrant Name Consolidated Edison, Inc

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NY

Entity File Number 1-14514

Entity Tax Identification Number 13-3965100

Entity Address, Address Line One 4 Irving Place

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10003

City Area Code 212

Local Phone Number 460-4600

Title of 12(b) Security Common Shares ($.10 par value)

Trading Symbol ED

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Entity Central Index Key 0001047862

Amendment Flag false

CECONY 

Entity Information [Line Items] 

Entity Registrant Name Consolidated Edison Company of New York, Inc.

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NY

Entity File Number 1-1217

Entity Tax Identification Number 13-5009340

Entity Address, Address Line One 4 Irving Place

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10003

City Area Code 212

Local Phone Number 460-4600

Entity Central Index Key 0000023632

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: dei_LegalEntityAxis=ed_ConsolidatedEdisonCompanyofNewYorkInc.Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
2 
22 
1 
false 
1 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
1001 - Document - Cover Page 
Sheet 
http://www.coned.com/role/CoverPage 
Cover Page 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d916286d8k.htm 
ed-20250324.xsd 
ed-20250324_cal.xml 
ed-20250324_def.xml 
ed-20250324_lab.xml 
ed-20250324_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
true
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-061392-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>d916286d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001047862 

2025-03-24 
2025-03-24 

0001047862 

ed:ConsolidatedEdisonCompanyofNewYorkInc.Member 

2025-03-24 
2025-03-24 

0001047862 
0000023632 
false 
8-K 
2025-03-24 
Consolidated Edison, Inc 
NY 
1-14514 
13-3965100 
4 Irving Place 
New York 
NY 
10003 
212 
460-4600 
Consolidated Edison Company of New York, Inc. 
NY 
1-1217 
13-5009340 
4 Irving Place 
New York 
NY 
10003 
212 
460-4600 
false 
false 
false 
false 
ED 
NYSE 
Common Shares ($.10 par value) 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>