<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-009948.txt : 20250312
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-009948.hdr.sgml : 20250312
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250312083018
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-009948
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250311
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250312
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250312

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SKYX Platforms Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001598981
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC LIGHTING & WIRING EQUIPMENT [3640]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				463645414
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41276
		FILM NUMBER:		25730073

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2855 W. MCNAB ROAD
		CITY:			POMPANO BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33069
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(855) 759-7584

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2855 W. MCNAB ROAD
		CITY:			POMPANO BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33069

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SQL Technologies Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20160812

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Safety Quick Lighting & Fans Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140203
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000159898100015989812025-03-112025-03-11iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C.
20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
March 11, 2025

SKYX
PLATFORMS CORP.

(Exact name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

Florida 001-41276 46-3645414

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

2855
W. McNab Road 

Pompano
Beach, Florida33069

(Address of principal executive offices, including
zip code)

Registrants telephone number, including area
code: (855)759-7584

Not Applicable

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last
Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing
is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act:

Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, no par
value per share SKYX The Nasdaq Stock
Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is
an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On March 11, 2025, SKYX Platforms Corp. (the Company)
and an investor entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement resulting in gross proceeds to the Company of $1.0 million,
pursuant to which the investor purchased 40,000 shares of the Companys Series A-1 Preferred Stock, no par value per share (the
Series A-1 Preferred Stock), at a purchase price of $25.00 per share.

The Securities Purchase Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, agreements and indemnification rights
and obligations of the parties and provides the purchaser with certain registration rights. The Company intends to use the proceeds for
working capital and other general corporate purposes.

A description of the Certificate of Designation of
Rights, Preferences and Privileges of Series A-1 Preferred Stock (the Series A-1 Certificate of Designation) is contained
in the Companys Current Report on Form
8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 7, 2024, and is incorporated herein by reference.

The foregoing summary of the Securities Purchase
Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, the full text of the Securities
Purchase Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K
(this Current Report) and is incorporated herein by reference. In addition, the foregoing summary of the Series A-1 Preferred
Stock does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, the full text of the Series A-1
Certificate of Designation, a copy of which is incorporated herein by reference to this Current Report.

The representations, warranties and covenants contained
in the Securities Purchase Agreement were made solely for the benefit of the parties to the Securities Purchase Agreement and may be
subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties. Accordingly, the Securities Purchase Agreement is incorporated herein
by reference only to provide investors with information regarding the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement, and not to provide
investors with any other factual information regarding the Company or its business, and should be read in conjunction with the disclosures
in the Companys periodic reports and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC).

Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The disclosure set forth under Item 1.01 of this
Current Report is incorporated by reference in this Item 3.02. The issuance of the Series A-1 Preferred Stock was deemed to be exempt
from registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, including Regulation D and Rule 506 promulgated
thereunder, as transactions by the Company not involving a public offering.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

Exhibit Number Description

3.1 Certificate
of Designation of Rights, Preferences and Privileges of Series A-1 Preferred Stock (effective September 30, 2024) (incorporated herein
by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 4, 2024).

10.1* Form of Securities Purchase
Agreement for Series A-1 Preferred Stock, dated March 11, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

* Certain of the exhibits and schedules to this exhibit
have been omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601(a)(5). The Company agrees to furnish a copy of all omitted exhibits and
schedules to the SEC upon its request.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

SKYX PLATFORMS CORP.

Date: March 12, 2025 By: /s/ Leonard J. Sokolow 

Name: Leonard J. Sokolow

Title: Co-Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

FORM OF SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

THIS SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT, dated
as of March 11, 2025 (this Agreement), is entered into by and among SKYX Platforms Corp., a Florida corporation
(the Company), and each investor identified on the signature pages hereto (each, including such investors
successors and assigns, an Investor and collectively, the Investors).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors (the Board)
of the Company has authorized the issuance of shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock to each of the Investors; and

WHEREAS, on the terms and subject to the conditions
set forth herein and pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act),
and Rule 506 promulgated thereunder, each Investor is willing to purchase from the Company, and the Company is willing to sell to each
Investor, shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock, on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

AGREEMENT

NOW THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual
covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged,
the Company and each Investor agree as follows:

1.
Purchase and Sale of Preferred Stock.

(a) Issuance of the Securities.
Subject to all of the terms and conditions hereof, the Company agrees to issue and sell to each Investor, and each Investor agrees to
purchase a number of shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock, no par value (each, a Preferred Share and together, the
Preferred Shares), at a purchase price per share of $25.00, as calculated based on the purchase price for the Investor
set forth on the signature page hereto executed by such Investor (such amount, the Purchase Price).

(b) Terms of the Preferred
Shares. The terms of the Companys offering of Preferred Shares are set forth on the Term Sheet attached
hereto as Exhibit B and include, without limitation, rights to convert the Preferred Shares into shares of the Companys
common stock, no par value (Common Stock). The Preferred Shares shall have the rights, preferences, and privileges
set forth in the Certificate of Designation attached hereto as Exhibit C, which has been filed with and accepted
by the Florida Department of State on September 30, 2024. The Preferred Shares and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion
of the Preferred Shares (such shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of the Preferred Shares being the Underlying
Shares), as the case may be, are referred to collectively as the Securities.

(c) Closing. The
sale and purchase of the Securities shall take place remotely via the exchange of documents and signatures (the Closing)
on the date of this Agreement, or such other time as may be mutually agreed upon by the parties (the Closing Date).
The Company will deliver to each Investor an account statement reflecting the Investors Preferred Shares, against receipt by the
Company of the Purchase Price from such Investor. The Preferred Shares will be registered in the respective Investors name in the
Companys records. This Agreement, Term Sheet, the Certificate of Designation and the Preferred Shares shall hereinafter be the
Transaction Documents.

(i) Deliveries By
the Company. On or prior to the Closing, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Investor the following:

(A) this Agreement duly
executed by the Company;

(B) a certified copy of
the Certificate of Designation as filed and accepted with the Florida Department of State;

(C) an account statement
evidencing the number of shares of Preferred Stock in book entry form purchased by such Investor.

(ii) Deliveries By
Each Investor. On or prior to the Closing, each Investor shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company the following:

(A) this Agreement duly
executed by such Investor;

(B) a fully completed
and duly executed Accredited Investor Questionnaire (the Questionnaire) reasonably satisfactory to the Company, in
the form attached hereto as Exhibit D; and

(C) such Investors
Purchase Price payable by wire transfer to the Company pursuant to the wire instructions set forth on Exhibit A.

(d) Use of Proceeds.
In accordance with the directions of the Board, the proceeds of the sale and issuance of the Securities shall be used for general working
capital purposes.

(e) Consent to Company Sale
of Separate Series of Preferred Stock. The Investor hereby consents, pursuant to Section X.C. of the Certificate of Designation,
to the Companys sale of a separate series of 400,000 shares of preferred stock referred to as Series A Preferred Stock, or similar
(the Separate Series), which are Parity Securities (as defined in the Certificate of Designation) which shall be
convertible into Common Stock at the Conversion Price.

2.
Representations and Warranties of the Company.The Company represents and warrants to
each Investor that:

(a) Due Incorporation, Qualification,
etc. The Company (i) is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the state of its
incorporation; (ii) has the power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and carry on its business as now conducted; and
(iii) is duly qualified, licensed to do business and in good standing as a foreign corporation in each jurisdiction where the failure
to be so qualified or licensed could reasonably be expected to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the results of operations,
assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (ii) a material
adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction
Document (any of (i) or (ii), a Material Adverse Effect). Each of the Companys Subsidiaries is duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, except where the failure to be so organized,
existing and in good standing would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(b) Authority. The
execution, delivery and performance by the Company of each Transaction Document to be executed by the Company and the consummation of
the transactions contemplated thereby are within the corporate power and authority of the Company. The execution, delivery and performance
by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated by the
Transaction Documents, have been duly authorized by the Board and the Board has duly reserved (x) the shares of Preferred Stock to be
issued in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Certificate of Designations and (y) the shares of Common Stock to be issued
upon any conversion of shares of Preferred Stock into Common Stock. No other action on the part of the Company or its shareholders is
necessary to authorize the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and
the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreements.

2 

(c) Enforceability.
Each Transaction Document executed, or to be executed, by the Company has been, or will be, duly executed and delivered by the Company
and constitutes, or will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance
with its terms, except as limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or other laws of general application relating to or affecting the enforcement
of creditors rights generally and general principles of equity.

(d) Non-Contravention.
The execution and delivery by the Company of the Transaction Documents and the performance and consummation of the transactions contemplated
thereby do not and will not (i) violate the Companys articles of incorporation, as amended, or bylaws, as amended and restated
(together, the Charter Documents) and (ii) except, in each case, as would not be reasonably expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect on the Company (either individually or in the aggregate) (a) violate any law, judgment, order, writ, decree, statute, rule
or regulation applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; (b) violate any provision of, or result in the breach, default or
the acceleration of, or entitle any other Person (as defined below) to accelerate (whether after the giving of notice or lapse of time
or both), any mortgage, indenture, agreement, instrument or contract to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by
which it is bound, subject to obtaining any consents or agreements required in connection with the Transaction Documents; or (c) result
in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any property, asset or revenue of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or the suspension,
revocation, impairment, forfeiture, or nonrenewal of any material permit, license, authorization or approval applicable to the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries, its business or operations, or any of its assets or properties. For purposes of this Agreement, Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

(e) Approvals. No
consent, approval, order or authorization of, or registration, declaration or filing with, any governmental authority or other Person
(including, without limitation, the equityholders of any Person) is required in connection with the execution and delivery of the Transaction
Documents executed by the Company and the performance and consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby, other than (i) such as
have been obtained and remain in full force and effect; (ii) such filings and approvals from the Florida Department of State in connection
with the Certificate of Designation; (iii) the filing of a Form D with U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC)
and compliance with any applicable state securities or blue sky laws; and (iv) as set forth in Section 2(x).

(f) No Violation or Default.
The Company is not in violation of or in default with respect to (i) any of its Charter Documents or (ii) any material law, judgment,
order, writ, decree, statute, rule or regulation applicable to the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any material mortgage, indenture,
agreement, instrument or contract, subject to obtaining any consents or agreements required in connection with the Transaction Documents,
to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which it is bound (nor is there any waiver in effect which, if not in
effect, would result in such a violation or default).

3 

(g) Intellectual Property.
The Company and each of its Subsidiaries possess valid and enforceable rights to use all trademarks, logos, trade names, Internet domain
names, patent rights, copyrights, trade secrets, know-how, rights in computer software and other similar intellectual property rights
(together with all goodwill associated with, any registrations of, or applications for registration of any of the foregoing, collectively,
Intellectual Property Rights) that are used in the operation of the Company and its Subsidiaries as currently conducted.
All Intellectual Property Rights owned or purported to be owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (Owned Intellectual
Property) are valid and enforceable. To the knowledge of the Company, no Person has infringed upon, misappropriated or otherwise
violated any of the Owned Intellectual Property. The conduct of the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries has not infringed, misappropriated,
or violated, and does not infringe, misappropriate or violate, the Intellectual Property Rights of any other Person. The Company and its
Subsidiaries have taken commercially reasonable steps to maintain the confidentiality of the material trade secrets owned (or purported
to be owned) by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. No material source code owned (or purported to be owned) by the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries has been disclosed or otherwise made available to any Person (excluding an escrow agent), and, to the knowledge of
the Company, no circumstance or condition exists that (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both) would result in a requirement
that any such source code be disclosed, licensed or made available to any third party (other than an escrow agent). Neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice of any third-party allegations or claims that (A) the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
or the conduct of their respective businesses infringe or conflict with asserted Intellectual Property Rights of others or (B) challenge
the ownership or validity of any Owned Intellectual Property.

(h) Accuracy of Information
Furnished. None of the Transaction Documents and none of the other certificates, statements or information furnished to the
Investors by or on behalf of the Company in connection with the Transaction Documents or the transactions contemplated thereby contains
or will contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omits or will omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

(i) No Bad Actor
Disqualification. The Company has exercised reasonable care, in accordance with applicable law and SEC rules and guidance,
to determine whether any Covered Person (as hereinafter defined) is subject to any of the bad actor disqualifications described
in Rule 506(d)(l)(i) to (viii) under the Securities Act (Disqualification Events). No Covered Person is subject to
a Disqualification Event. The Company has complied, to the extent applicable, with any disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e) under
the Securities Act. Covered Persons are those persons specified in Rule 506(d)(1) under the Securities Act, including
the Company; any predecessor or affiliate of the Company; any director, executive officer, other officer participating in the offering,
general partner or managing member of the Company; any beneficial owner of 20% or more of the Companys outstanding voting equity
securities, calculated on the basis of voting power; any promoter (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) connected with the
Company in any capacity at the time of the sale of the Securities; and any person that has been or will be paid (directly or indirectly)
remuneration for solicitation of purchasers in connection with the sale of the Securities (a Solicitor), any general
partner or managing member of any Solicitor, and any director, executive officer or other officer participating in the offering of any
Solicitor or general partner or managing member of any Solicitor.

(j) Subsidiaries. All of
the direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company (Subsidiaries) are listed in and covered by in the SEC Reports.
Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, the Company owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock or other equity interests of
each Subsidiary free and clear of any lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or
other restriction (each a Lien), and all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary
are duly authorized, validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase
securities.

4 

(k) Issuance of the Securities.
The Securities are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable Transaction Documents, will be duly
and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens other than restrictions on transfer provided for in the
Transaction Documents, and will be issued in compliance with all applicable federal and state securities laws, and such Securities will
not be issued in violation of any purchase option, call option, preemptive right, resale right, subscription right, right of first refusal
or similar right. The Preferred Shares and Underlying Shares, when issued in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Documents, will
be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens other than restrictions on transfer provided for in the Transaction
Documents. The Company has reserved from its duly authorized capital stock a number of shares of Preferred Stock sufficient for issuance
of the Preferred Shares and Common Stock sufficient for issuance of the Underlying Shares. The respective rights, preferences, privileges,
and restrictions of the Preferred Stock and the Common Stock are as stated in the Charter Documents (including the Certificate of Designations).
The Company is not party to any contract, and is not subject to any provision in the Charter Documents or other governing documents or
resolutions of the Board that, in each case, by its terms restricts, limits, prohibits or prevents the Company from paying dividends in
form and the amounts contemplated by the Certificate of Designations.

(l) Capitalization. The
authorized Capital Stock of the Company consists of: (i) 500,000,000 shares of Common Stock and (ii) 20,000,000 shares of preferred
stock to be designated by the Board of Directors. As of the close of business on December 31, 2024, 103,329,678 shares of Common Stock,
200,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock, and 240,000 shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding. As of
December 31, 2024, (i) an aggregate of up to 32,593,392 shares of Common Stock are issuable upon exercise of options granted under the
Companys stock incentive plans or issuable pursuant to service agreements approved by the Board, of which up to 10,977,431 option
shares are vested and exercisable; (ii) an aggregate of up to 6,278,370 shares of Common stock are issuable upon vesting of restricted
shares granted under the Companys stock incentive plans or issuable pursuant to service agreements approved by the Board; (iii)
an aggregate of up to 6,502,268 shares of Common Stock are issuable upon conversion of convertible notes; (iv) up to 1,523,667 shares
of Common Stock are issuable upon exercise of outstanding warrants with a weighted average exercise price of $4.32 per share; and (v)
up to 5,500,000 shares of Common Stock are presently issuable upon conversion of preferred stock. Except as described in this Section
2(l), the SEC Reports or Schedule 1, as of December 31, 2024, there were (i) no outstanding shares of capital stock of, or other
equity or voting interests in, the Company, (ii) no outstanding securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock
of, or other equity or voting interests in, the Company other than obligations under the Companys stock incentive plans or as approved
by the Board, (iii) no outstanding options, warrants, rights or other commitments or agreements to acquire from the Company or any Subsidiary,
or that obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to issue, any capital stock of, or other equity or voting interests (or voting debt) in,
or any securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of, or other equity or voting interests in, the Company
other than obligations under the Companys stock incentive plan or as approved by the or by the Board, (iv) no obligations of the
Company or any Subsidiary to grant, extend or enter into any subscription, warrant, right, debt, convertible or exchangeable security
or other similar agreement or commitment relating to any capital stock of, or other equity or voting interests in, the Company (the items
in clauses (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) of this sentence being referred to collectively as Company Securities) and (v)
no other obligations by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to make any payments based on the price or value of any Company Securities.
As of the date of this Agreement, there are no outstanding agreements of any kind which obligate the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any Company Securities, or obligate the Company to grant, extend or enter into any such agreements
relating to any Company Securities, including any agreements granting any preemptive rights, subscription rights, anti-dilutive rights,
rights of first refusal or similar rights with respect to any Company Securities. Except as described on Schedule 1, none of the
Company or any Subsidiary of the Company is a party to any stockholders agreement, voting trust agreement, registration rights
agreement or other similar agreement or understanding relating to any Company Securities or any other agreement relating to the disposition,
voting or dividends with respect to any Company Securities. All outstanding shares of Common Stock have been duly authorized and validly
issued and are fully paid, nonassessable and free of preemptive rights. The Company is not party to a stockholder rights agreement, poison
pill or similar anti-takeover agreement or plan.

5 

(m) SEC Reports. The Company
has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and
the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the three years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter
period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto
and documents incorporated by reference therein, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports) on a timely
basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such
extension. As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act,
the Exchange Act or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (and the regulations promulgated thereunder), as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports,
when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company has
never been an issuer subject to Rule 144(i) under the Securities Act. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports
comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto
as in effect at the time of filing. As of the date hereof, (i) the Company is eligible to file a registration statement on Form S-3, (ii)
none of the Companys Subsidiaries is required to file any documents with the SEC, (iii) there are no outstanding or unresolved
comments in comment letters from the SEC staff with respect to any of the SEC Reports and (iv) to the knowledge of the Company, none of
the SEC Reports is the subject of ongoing SEC review, outstanding SEC comment or outstanding SEC investigation. The Company has established
and maintains, and at all times during the past three years has maintained, disclosure controls and procedures and a system of internal
controls over financial reporting (as such terms are defined in paragraphs (e) and (f), respectively, of Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange
Act) as required by Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act. Neither the Company nor, to the knowledge of the Company, the Companys
independent registered public accounting firm, has identified or been made aware of significant deficiencies or material
weaknesses (as defined by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board) in the design or operation of the Companys internal
controls over and procedures relating to financial reporting which would reasonably be expected to adversely affect in any material respect
the Companys ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data, in each case which has not been subsequently remediated.
The Company is, and has been during the three years, in compliance in all material respects with the applicable listing requirements and
corporate governance rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Stock Market (Nasdaq).

(n) Financial Statements.
The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements
and the rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements have been
prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved
(GAAP) applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved, except as may be otherwise specified in such financial
statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly
present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof
and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial,
year-end audit adjustments.

6 

(o) Material Changes; Undisclosed
Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the financial statements included within the SEC Reports through September
30, 2024, except as set forth in the SEC Reports, (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has had or that could reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other
than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and (B) liabilities
not required to be reflected in the Companys financial statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in filings made with the SEC, (iii)
the Company has not altered its accounting principles or method of accounting, and (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend
or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders, or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any
shares of its capital stock. The Company does not have pending before the SEC any request for confidential treatment of information. Except
for and the issuance of the Securities contemplated by this Agreement or as set forth in the SEC Reports, no event, liability, fact, circumstance,
occurrence or development has occurred or exists with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, prospects,
properties, operations, assets or financial condition that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(p) Litigation. Except
as set forth in the SEC Reports or Schedule 1, there is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation
pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties
or assets before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local
or foreign) (collectively, an Action). None of the Actions set forth in the SEC Reports (i) adversely affects or
challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the Securities or (ii) could, if there were
an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary,
nor to the knowledge of the Company, any director or officer thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation
of or liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. There has not been, and to the knowledge
of the Company, there is not pending or threatened, any investigation by the SEC of the Company or any current or former director or officer
of the Company. The SEC has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed
by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

(q) Compliance.

(i) Neither the Company
nor any Subsidiary, to the knowledge of the Company or its Subsidiaries, (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has
occurred that has not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary
under), nor has the Company or any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any
indenture, loan or credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties
or assets is bound (whether or not such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is in material violation of any judgment, decree,
or order of any court, arbitrator or other governmental authority or (iii) is or has been in material violation of any law, statute, rule,
ordinance or regulation of any governmental authority, including without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating
to taxes, environmental protection, occupational health and safety, product quality and safety and employment and labor matters. The Company
and each of its Subsidiaries hold all material licenses, franchises, permits, certificates, approvals and authorizations from governmental
authorities necessary for the lawful conduct of their respective businesses.

(ii) None of the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any directors, officers, agents, employees or affiliates of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries is currently a person with whom dealings are prohibited under, or who is a subject of, any economic or other
trade sanctions administered or enforced by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, the U.S. Department
of Commerce or the U.S. Department of State, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union or His Majestys Treasury of
the United Kingdom, or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, Sanctions and any such person, a Sanctioned
Person), nor is the Company or any of its Subsidiaries located or organized in a country or territory that is the subject or
target of country-wide or territory-wide Sanctions (currently, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria and the Crimea, Donetsk and Luhansk regions
of Ukraine) (each, a Sanctioned Country). The Company and its Subsidiaries have not for the past two years engaged
in any dealings or transactions in violation of Sanctions.

7 

(iii) None of the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any director, officer, agent, employee, affiliate or other person associated
with or acting on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has (A) used any corporate funds for any unlawful contribution, gift,
entertainment or other unlawful expense relating to political activity; (B) made any direct or indirect unlawful payment or benefit to
any foreign or domestic government official or employee from corporate funds; or (C) violated or is in violation of the United States
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended. The Company and its Subsidiaries have instituted, maintained and enforced and will
continue to maintain and enforce policies and procedures designed to promote compliance with all applicable anti-bribery and anti-corruption
laws.

(iv) The operations
of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in material compliance with applicable anti-money laundering
laws, and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to any applicable anti-money laundering law is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company,
threatened.

(v) The operations of
the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in material compliance with all laws applicable to the Company
and its Subsidiaries relating to export, reexport, transfer, and import controls, including the Export Administration Regulations, the
International Traffic in Arms Regulations, and the customs and import laws administered by U.S. Customs and Border Protection (collectively,
Ex-Im Laws), and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or
any arbitrator involving the Company or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to any applicable anti-money laundering law is pending or,
to the knowledge of the Company, threatened.

(r) Title to Assets. The
Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them and good and marketable title
in all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries, in each case free and clear
of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially interfere with the use
made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens for the payment of federal, state or
other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and the payment of which is neither delinquent
nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries are held by them under
valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance.

(s) Insurance. The Company
carries or is entitled to the benefits of insurance, with, to the Companys knowledge, reputable insurers, in such amounts and covering
such risks which the Company believes are adequate for a company of the Companys size and type, including, but not limited to,
directors and officers insurance coverage at least equal to $5,000,000 and all such insurance is in full force and effect. The Company
has no reason to believe that it will not be able (i) to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such policies expire or (ii)
to obtain comparable coverage from similar institutions as may be necessary or appropriate to conduct its business as now conducted and
at a cost that would not result in a Material Adverse Change.

8 

(t) Transactions with Affiliates
and Employees. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, none of the officers or directors of the Company or any Subsidiary and, to
the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to any transaction with the
Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement
providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, providing for the borrowing
of money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge
of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director,
trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000 other than for (i) payment of salary or consulting fees for
services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and (iii) other employee benefits, including stock
option agreements under any stock option plan of the Company.

(u) Contracts. Each contract
that is material to the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole (each, a Material Contract),
and to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective
properties or assets is bound is valid, binding and enforceable on the Company and any of its Subsidiaries to the extent such Person is
a party thereto, as applicable, and to the knowledge of the Company, each other party thereto, and is in full force and effect, except
where the failure to be valid, binding or in full force and effect, individually or in the aggregate, has not had and would not reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries, and, to the knowledge of the Company, any other
party thereto, is in compliance in all material respects with all Material Contracts and has performed all obligations required to be
performed by it, except where such noncompliance, individually or in the aggregate, has not had and would not reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect.

(v) Certain Fees. no brokerage
or finders fees or commissions are or will be payable to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent,
investment banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The Investors shall
have no obligation with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated
in this Section that may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(w) Listing and Maintenance
Requirements. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act and listed on the Nasdaq, and the Company
has taken no action designed to, or which to the knowledge of the Company is reasonably likely to have the effect of, terminating the
registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act or delisting the Common Stock from Nasdaq, nor has the Company received as of
the date of this Agreement any notification that the SEC or the Nasdaq is contemplating terminating such registration or listing or otherwise.

(x) Nasdaq Notification.
The Company has provided the applicable listing of additional shares notification to Nasdaq, and Nasdaq has not made any objection (not
subsequently withdrawn) that the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement would violate Nasdaq listing rules applicable
to the Company and that if not withdrawn would result in the delisting of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of the
Preferred Stock issued to the Investor pursuant to this Agreement and pursuant to the Certificate of Designations.

9 

(y) Private Placement.
Assuming the accuracy of the Investors representations and warranties set forth in Section 2, no registration under the
Securities Act is required for the offer and sale of the Securities by the Company to the Investors as contemplated hereby. The issuance
and sale of the Securities hereunder does not contravene the rules and regulations of the markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock
is listed or quoted for trading. Neither the Company nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any Person acting on its behalf has made any
offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause the offering or issuance
of Preferred Stock under this Agreement to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of the Securities Act that would
result in none of Regulation D or any other applicable exemption from registration under the Securities Act to be available, nor will
the Company take any action or steps that would cause the offering or issuance of Preferred Stock under this Agreement to be integrated
with other offerings by the Company.

(z) Investment Company.
The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities, will not be or be an Affiliate
of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. The Company shall conduct
its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment company subject to registration under the Investment Company
Act of 1940, as amended.

(aa) No General Solicitation.
Neither the Company nor any Person acting on behalf of the Company has offered or sold any of the Securities by any form of general solicitation
or general advertising. The Company has offered the Securities for sale only to the Purchasers and certain other accredited investors
within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Securities Act.

(bb) Acknowledgment Regarding
Investors Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each of the Investors is acting solely in the capacity
of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby. The Company further
acknowledges that no Investor is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to
the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by any Investor or any of their respective representatives
or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby is merely incidental to the Investors
purchase of the Securities.

3.
Representations and Warranties of Each Investor. Each Investor represents and warrants to the
Company, severally and not jointly, as follows:

(a) Organization; Authority.
Such Investor is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of
the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation. Such Investor has the requisite power and authority to enter into this Agreement and
to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out such Investors obligations
hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance by such Investor of the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership, limited liability company
or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Investor. Each Transaction Document to which such Investor is a party has been duly
executed by such Investor, and when delivered by such Investor in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and legally
binding obligation of such Investor, enforceable against such Investor in accordance with its terms, except: (i) as limited by general
equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting
enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive
relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

10 

(b) No Conflicts. The execution,
delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents to which such Investor is party by such Investor and the purchase of the Securities
by such Investor will not (i) conflict with or result in a violation of such Investors organizational documents, if applicable,
(ii) conflict with, or constitute a material default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would become a material
default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any material agreement, contract,
indenture mortgage, indebtedness or instrument to which such Investor is a party, or (iii) violate any law applicable to such Investor
or by which any of such Investors properties or assets are bound or affected. No approval or authorization will be required from
any governmental authority or agency, regulatory or self-regulatory agency or other third party in connection with the purchase of the
Securities and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(c) Own Account. Such Investor
understands that the Securities are restricted securities and have not been registered under the Securities Act or any applicable
state securities law and is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or reselling
such Securities or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, has no present intention
of distributing any of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and has no direct or
indirect arrangements or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Securities in violation
of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law (this representation and warranty not limiting such Investors right
to sell the Securities in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws). Such Investor is acquiring the Securities hereunder
in the ordinary course of its business.

(d) Investor Status. At
the time such Investor was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, and on the date(s) on which it may convert
the Preferred Shares it will be, an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act. Such Investor
has completed or caused to be completed and delivered to the Company the Questionnaire set forth as Exhibit D hereto, which Questionnaire
(as completed by such Investor) is true, correct and complete in all material respects.

(e) Experience of Such Investor.
Such Investor, either alone or together with such Investors representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication and experience
in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the Securities,
and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Such Investor is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the
Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

(f) General Solicitation.
Such Investor is not purchasing the Securities as a result of any advertisement, article, notice or other communication regarding the
Securities published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or presented at any seminar or
any other general solicitation or general advertisement (within the meaning of Regulation D of the Securities Act).

(g) Transfer Restrictions.
Such Investor acknowledges that the Securities may only be disposed of in compliance with state and federal securities laws. In connection
with any transfer of Securities other than pursuant to an effective registration statement or Rule 144 under the Securities Act, to the
Company or to an affiliate of an Investor, the Company may require the transferor thereof to provide to the Company an opinion of counsel
selected by the transferor and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the form and substance of which opinion shall be reasonably satisfactory
to the Company, to the effect that such transfer does not require registration of such transferred Securities under the Securities Act.
As a condition of transfer, any such transferee shall agree in writing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement and shall have the rights
and obligations of an Investor under this Agreement. Such Investor agrees to the imprinting of a legend on any of the Securities in substantially
the following form:

11 

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES
INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY IS CONVERTIBLE OR EXERCISABLE HAS BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES
COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES
ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT
AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR TO SUCH EFFECT, THE
SUBSTANCE OF WHICH SHALL BE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY. INVESTORS SHOULD BE AWARE THAT THEY MAY BE REQUIRED TO BEAR THE FINANCIAL
RISKS OF THIS INVESTMENT FOR AN INDEFINITE PERIOD OF TIME.

(h) Access to Information.
Such Investor acknowledges that such Investor has had the opportunity to review the Transaction Documents (including all exhibits and
schedules thereto) and the reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents filed by the Company under the Securities Act and
the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, and has been afforded (i) the opportunity to ask such questions
as such Investor has deemed necessary of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions
of the offering of the Securities and the merits and risks of investing in the Securities; (ii) access to information about the Company
and its financial condition, results of operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate
the investment; and (iii) the opportunity to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable
effort or expense that is necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the investment. In making an investment decision,
such Investor has relied solely on such Investors own due diligence performed on the Company by such Investors own representatives.

(i) Non-Reliance. In deciding
to purchase the Securities, such Investor is not relying on the advice or recommendations of the Company and made his, her or its own
independent decision that the investment in the Securities is suitable and appropriate for such Investor. Such Investor understands that
no federal or state agency has passed upon the merits or risks of an investment in the Securities or made any finding or determination
concerning the fairness or advisability of this investment.

(j) Certain Transactions and
Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Investor has not, nor has any person acting
on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Investor, directly or indirectly executed any purchases or sales, including short
sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that such Investor first received a term sheet (written
or oral) from the Company or any other person representing the Company setting forth the material terms of the transactions contemplated
hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of an Investor that is a multi-managed
investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Investors assets and the portfolio managers
have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Investors assets,
the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the
investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement. Other than to other persons party to this Agreement or to such
Investors members and representatives, including, without limitation, its officers, directors, partners, legal and other advisors,
employees, agents and affiliates, such Investor has maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection with this
transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing
contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing shares
in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

12 

(k) Representations by Non-United
States Persons. If such Investor is not a United States person, such Investor hereby represents that such Investor has satisfied the
laws of such Investors jurisdiction in connection with any invitation to subscribe for the Securities or any use of the Transaction
Documents, including (i) the legal requirements within such Investors jurisdiction for the purchase of the Securities, (ii) any
foreign exchange restrictions applicable to such purchase, (iii) any governmental or other consents that may need to be obtained and (iv)
the income tax and other tax consequences, if any, that may be relevant to the purchase, holding, redemption, sale or transfer of the
Securities. Such Investors subscription and payment for, and such Investors continued beneficial ownership of, the Securities
will not violate any applicable securities or other laws of such Investors jurisdiction.

(l) CFIUS. Such Investor
is not a foreign person, as defined at 31 C.F.R. 800.224, and is not otherwise controlled by a foreign person,
as defined at 31 C.F.R. 800.224.

(m) Anti-Money Laundering Laws.
Such Investor represents and warrants to, and covenants with, the Company that: (i) such Investor is in compliance with the regulations
administered by the U.S. Department of the Treasury (Treasury) Office of Foreign Assets Control; (ii) such Investor,
its parents, subsidiaries, affiliated companies, officers, directors and partners, and to such Investors knowledge, its members,
stockholders, owners, employees, and agents, are not on the List of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons maintained by Treasury
and have not been designated by Treasury as a financial institution of primary money laundering concern subject to special measures under
Section 311 of the USA PATRIOT Act, Pub. L. 107-56; and (iii) to such Investors knowledge, the funds to be used to acquire the
Securities are not derived from activities that contravene applicable anti-money laundering laws and regulations; (iv) such Investor is
in compliance in all material respects with applicable anti-money laundering laws and regulations.

4.
Conditions to Closing of Each Investor. Each Investors obligations at the Closing are
subject to the fulfillment, on or prior to the Closing Date, of all of the following conditions, any of which may be waived in whole or
in part by such Investor:

(a) Representations and Warranties.
The representations and warranties made by the Company in Section 2 hereof shall have
been true and correct when made and shall be true and correct on the Closing Date.

(b) Governmental Approvals
and Filings. Except for any notices required or permitted to be filed after the Closing Date with certain federal and state securities
commissions, the Company shall have obtained all governmental approvals required in connection with the lawful sale and issuance of the
Securities.

(c) Transaction Documents.
The Company shall have duly executed and delivered to such Investor this Agreement, and filed the Certificate of Designation with the
Florida Department of State.

(d) Performance. The Company
shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with all covenants, agreements and conditions required by the Transaction
Documents to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company at or prior to the Closing.

(e) No Injunction. No statute,
rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by any court
or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction that prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents.

13 

5.
Conditions to Obligations of the Company. The Companys obligation to issue and sell Preferred
Shares to an Investor at the Closing is subject to the fulfillment, on or prior to the Closing Date, of the following conditions, any
of which may be waived in whole or in part by the Company:

(a) Representations and Warranties.
The representations and warranties made by such Investor in Section 3 hereof shall be
true and correct when made and shall be true and correct on the Closing Date.

(b) Governmental Approvals
and Filings. Except for any notices required or permitted to be filed after the Closing Date with certain federal and state
securities commissions, the Company shall have obtained all governmental approvals required in connection with the lawful sale and issuance
of the Securities.

(c) Purchase Price.
Such Investor shall have delivered to the Company the Purchase Price in respect of the Securities being purchased by such Investor referenced
in Section hereof.

(d) Performance. Such Investor
shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with all covenants, agreements and conditions required by the Transaction
Documents to be performed, satisfied or complied with by such Investor at or prior to the Closing.

(e) No Injunction. No statute,
rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by any court
or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction that prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents.

6.
Registration.

(a) Registration Statement.
Promptly, but in any event no later than sixty (60) days following the Closing Date, the Company shall prepare and file with the SEC a
Registration Statement covering the resale of the Underlying Shares on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 of the Securities
Act (the Registration Statement). The foregoing Registration Statement shall be filed on Form S-3 (or any successor
form thereto) (except if the Company is not then eligible to register for resale the Underlying Shares on Form S-3, then such registration
shall be on another appropriate form, including a resale registration statement on Form S-1, and shall provide for the registration of
such Underlying Shares for resale by the Investors in accordance with any reasonable method of distribution elected by the Requisite Holders).
The Registration Statement shall be provided to counsel designated by the Requisite Holders (as defined below), if so designated, at least
five (5) business days prior to its filing or other submission, and the Company shall incorporate all reasonable comments provided by
such Requisite Holders or its counsel to the Company no later than three (3) business days after the date it was delivered.

(b) Effectiveness. The
Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to have the Registration Statement declared effective as soon as practicable after
filing thereof but in no event later than the date that is ninety (90) days following the Closing Date. The Company shall notify counsel
for the Requisite Holders, if so designated, by email as promptly as practicable, and in any event, within twenty-four (24) hours, after
the Registration Statement is declared effective.

(c) Company Obligations.
The Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to effect the registration of the Underlying Shares in accordance with the terms
hereof, and pursuant thereto the Company will:

14 

(i) use its commercially
reasonable efforts to cause the Registration Statement to become effective and to remain continuously effective and usable until such
time as Underlying Shares are no longer any Registrable Securities (the Effectiveness Period). The
Underlying Shares shall cease to be Registrable Securities when (i) such Underlying Shares are sold or otherwise transferred
pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, (ii) such Underlying Shares shall have ceased to be outstanding
or are repurchased by the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, (iii) such Underlying Shares have been transferred in a transaction
in which the Investors rights under this Agreement are not assigned to the transferee of the securities or (iv) such Underlying
Shares are sold in a brokers transaction under circumstances in which all of the applicable conditions of Rule 144 (or any similar
provisions then in force) under the Securities Act are met;

(ii) prepare and file
with the SEC such amendments and post-effective amendments and supplements to the Registration Statement and the accompanying prospectus
as may be necessary to keep the Registration Statement effective for the Effectiveness Period;

(iii) use its commercially
reasonable efforts to (i) prevent the issuance of any stop order or other suspension of effectiveness and (ii) if such order is issued,
obtain the withdrawal of any such order at the earliest possible moment and notify the Investors of the issuance of any such order and
the resolution thereof, or its receipt of notice of the initiation or threat of any proceeding for such purpose;

(iv) take all other
reasonable actions necessary to expedite and facilitate disposition by the Investor of the Underlying Shares pursuant to the Registration
Statement; and

(v) pay all Registration
Expenses incurred by the Company in connection with any registration provided for by this Section 6. For purposes hereof, Registration
Expenses means all expenses incurred by the Company in complying with its obligations under this Section 6, including all registration,
qualification, listing and filing fees, printing expenses, escrow fees, fees and disbursements of counsel and accountants, fees and expenses
in connection with complying with state securities or blue sky laws, FINRA fees, fees of transfer agents and registrars,
and transfer taxes.

(d) Investor Obligations.
The Company may require each selling Investor to furnish information reasonably required by the Company to prepare a Registration Statement
and any amendment thereto, including, without limitation, a certified statement as to the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially
owned by such Investor, information regarding the manner and entities which hold Common Stock, and the natural persons thereof that have
voting and dispositive control over the shares.

(e) Piggyback Registration
Rights. If, at any time following the date hereof, there is not an effective Registration Statement covering the Underlying Shares
and the Company shall determine to prepare and file with the Commission a resale registration statement relating to an offering for its
own account or the account of others under the Securities Act of any of its Common Stock, other than on Form S-4 or Form S-8 (each as
promulgated under the Securities Act) or their then equivalents, then the Company shall send to each Investor a written notice of such
determination at least ten (10) days prior to the filing of any such registration statement and shall automatically include in such registration
statement all Underlying Shares; provided, however, that (i) if, at any time after giving written notice of its intention to register
any securities and, prior to the effective date of the registration statement filed in connection with such registration, the Company
determines for any reason not to proceed with such registration, the Company will be relieved of its obligation to register any Underlying
Shares in connection with such registration, and (ii) in case of a determination by the Company to delay registration of its securities,
the Company will be permitted to delay the registration of the Underlying Shares for the same period as the delay in registering such
other securities.

15 

(f) Future Registration Rights.
The Company shall not grant any new shelf, demand, piggyback or incidental registration rights that are senior to, or pari passu with
(with respect to priority on underwriting cutbacks) or otherwise conflict with the rights granted to the Investors hereunder to any shareholder
or any other Person without the prior written consent of the Requisite Holders.

(g) Rule 144 Reporting.
With a view to making available the benefits of Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act and any successor provision (Rule
144) to the Investors, the Company agrees that, for so long as any Investor owns any Underlying Shares that represent Registrable
Securities, the Company will use its reasonable best efforts to:

(i) make and keep public
information available, as those terms are understood and defined in Rule 144, at all times after the date of this Agreement; and

(ii) so long as an Investor
owns any Underlying Shares that represent Registrable Securities, furnish to the Investor upon written request a written statement by
the Company as to its compliance with the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act.

(h) Rule 144 Sales. For so long
as any Investor owns any Underlying Shares, the Company shall use reasonable best efforts to take such further necessary action as any
Investor may reasonably request in connection with the removal of any restrictive legend on the Underlying Shares being sold so as to
allow such Investor to sell such Underlying Shares within the limitations of the exemption provided by Rule 144.

7.
Indemnification. The Company, on the one hand, and the Investor, on the other hand (each an Indemnifying
Party), shall indemnify the other from and against any and all losses, damages, liabilities,
claims, charges, actions, proceedings, demands, judgments, settlement costs and expenses of any nature whatsoever (including, without
limitation, reasonable attorneys fees and expenses) resulting from any breach of a representation and warranty, covenant or agreement
by the Indemnifying Party and all claims, charges, actions or proceedings incident to or arising out of the foregoing. Each person entitled
to indemnification under this Section 7 (an Indemnified Party)
shall give notice as promptly as reasonably practicable to each party required to provide indemnification under this Section 7
of any action commenced against or by it in respect of which indemnity may be sought hereunder, but failure to so notify an Indemnifying
Party shall not release such Indemnifying Party from any liability that it may have, otherwise than on account of this indemnity agreement
so long as such failure shall not have materially prejudiced the position of the Indemnifying Party. Upon such notification, the Indemnifying
Party shall assume the defense of such action if it is a claim brought by a third party, and, if and after such assumption, the Indemnified
Party shall not be entitled to reimbursement of any expenses incurred by it in connection with such action except as described below.
In any such action, any Indemnified Party shall have the right to retain its own counsel, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall
be at the expense of such Indemnified Party unless (i) the Indemnifying Party and the Indemnified Party shall have mutually agreed to
the contrary, or (ii) the named parties in any such action (including any impleaded parties) include both the Indemnifying Party and the
Indemnified Party and representation of both parties by the same counsel would be inappropriate due to actual or potential differing or
conflicting interests between them. The Indemnifying Party shall not be liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected without its
written consent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed by such Indemnifying Party), but if settled with such consent or
if there be final judgment for the plaintiff, the Indemnifying Party shall indemnify the Indemnified Party from and against any loss,
damage or liability by reason of such settlement or judgment. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, in no event
will an Investor have any liability (including damages for fraud or breach, whether willful, intentional, unintentional or otherwise (including
willful breach) or monetary damages in lieu of specific performance) in the aggregate in excess of the amount of the Purchase Price with
respect to that Investor.

16 

8.
Miscellaneous.

(a) Conversion Share Cap.
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement, the Preferred Shares or Certificate of Designation to the contrary, unless and until the
Company obtains the requisite approval from its stockholders in accordance with applicable Nasdaq rules and requirements, in no event
shall the aggregate number of Underlying Shares deliverable pursuant to the Transaction Documents to all Investors in Series A-1 Preferred
Stock and to all the investors in the Separate Series of Preferred Stock exceed 19.99% of the Common Stock or the voting power that was
outstanding on October 4, 2024 (the Conversion Share Cap). If the number of shares of Common Stock deliverable upon
conversion would result in the issuance of shares of Common Stock in excess of the Conversion Share Cap, the Company will not have any
further obligation to deliver any shares of Common Stock or pay any cash in excess of the Conversion Share Cap for such conversion.

(b) Disclosure of Transactions.
No later than four (4) business days after the date of this Agreement, the Company shall file a Current Report on Form 8-K describing
all the material terms of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (the Form 8-K Filing). From
and after the filing of the Form 8-K Filing, the Company shall have disclosed all material, non-public information (if any) provided to
any of the Investors by the Company in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Agreement. Any initial press release to be
issued with respect to the transaction contemplated by this Agreement shall be in a form agreed to by the Company and the Investors.

(c) Waivers and Amendments.
Any provision of this Agreement may be amended, waived or modified only upon the written consent of the Company and Investors holding
a majority of the Preferred Shares (the Requisite Holders). Any amendment or waiver effected in accordance with this
paragraph shall be binding upon all of the parties hereto.

(d) Governing Law.
This Agreement and all actions arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with
the laws of the State of Florida, without regard to the conflicts of law provisions of the State of Florida or of any other state.

(e) Survival. The
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements made herein shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement.

(f) Entire Agreement.
This Agreement together with the other Transaction Documents constitute and contain the entire agreement among the Company and Investors
and supersede any and all prior agreements, negotiations, correspondence, understandings and communications among the parties, including,
but not limited to any term sheet, whether written or oral, respecting the subject matter hereof.

17 

(g) Notices. All
notices, requests, demands, consents, instructions or other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and emailed,
mailed or delivered to each party as follows: 

(i) If to the Company:

SKYX Platforms Corp.

2855 W. McNab Road

Pompano Beach, Florida 33069

Attention: John P. Campi, Co-Chief Executive
Officer, and

Rob Powell, General Counsel

Email: [***] [***]

With a copy (which shall
not constitute notice) to:

Thompson Hine LLP

3900 Key Center

127 Public Square

Cleveland, Ohio 44114

Attention: Jurgita Ashley

Email: Jurgita.Ashley@ThompsonHine.com

(ii) If to an Investor,
such address set forth on the signature page hereto executed by such Investor;

(iii) or such other
address as may be designated in writing hereafter, in the same manner, by such person.

(iv) Any and all notices
or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given and
effective on the earliest of (a) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email at the email address
specified in this Section prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on a business day, (b) the next business day after the date of transmission,
if such notice or communication is delivered via email at the email address specified in this Section on a day that is not a business
day or later than 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on any date and earlier than 11:59 p.m. (New York time) on such date, (c) the business day
following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (d) upon actual receipt by the party
to whom such notice is required to be given.

(h) Further Assurances.
Each party hereto shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute and deliver
all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other party may reasonably request in order to carry out the
intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

(i) Severability of this Agreement.
If any provision of this Agreement shall be judicially determined to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and
enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

(j) Counterparts. This
Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute
one and the same instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf) or other transmission method
and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes.

[Signature Page Follows]

18 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed
this Securities Purchase Agreement as of the date first set forth above.

COMPANY: 

SKYX PLATFORMS CORP. 

By: 

Name: Leonard J. Sokolow 

Title: Co-Chief Executive Officer 

[Signature Page to Securities Purchase Agreement]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused
this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first set forth above.

Name of Investor: 

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investor: 

Name of Authorized Signatory: 

Title of Authorized Signatory: 

Email Address of Authorized Signatory: 

SSN/EIN Number of Investor: 

Address for Notice to Investor: 

With a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: 

Address for Delivery of Securities to Investor (if not same as for notice): 

Purchase Price 

Number of Preferred Shares to be Purchased: 

[Signature Page to Securities Purchase Agreement]

EXHIBIT B

TERM SHEET

THE OFFERING

Issuer SKYX Platforms Corp. (the Company, we or us).

Securities Offered We are offering up to 400,000 shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock, no par value, of the Company (each, a Series A-1 Preferred Shares and collectively, the Series A-1 Preferred Shares) (the Offering). 

Price Each share of Series A-1 Preferred Stock is being offered at a purchase price of $25.00.

Liquidation Preference of Series
A-1 Preferred Shares

If we liquidate, dissolve, or wind up, holders of the Series A-1 Preferred Shares will have the right to receive $25.00 per share, plus all accumulated, accrued, and unpaid dividends (whether or not earned or declared) to and including the date of payment, before any payments are made to the holders of the Companys common stock, no par value (the Common Stock) or to the holders of other equity securities of the Company. The rights of holders of Series A-1 Preferred Shares to receive their liquidation preference (plus accrued but unpaid dividends) will, however, be subject to the proportionate rights of any other class or series of our capital stock ranking in parity with the Series A-1 Preferred Shares as to liquidation, of which none exist as of the date of this Offering.

Dividends on Series A-1 Preferred Shares

Holders of the Series A-1 Preferred Shares will be entitled to receive cumulative cash dividends payable quarterly in an amount per Series A-1 Preferred Share equal to $2.00 per share per annum, which is equivalent to 8% of the $25.00 liquidation preference per share per annum. Dividends on the Series A-1 Preferred Shares will be payable quarterly in arrears, beginning with the end of the calendar quarter following closing. Dividends will be payable no later than 20 days after the end of each calendar quarter and, to the extent not paid on such date (as applicable, Unpaid Dividends), (i) dividends shall subsequently accrue at a rate equal to 12% of the $25.00 liquidation preference per share per annum (until such time as when the Company has paid all Unpaid Dividends due and owing, and at such time, dividends will revert to accrual at a rate equal to 8% of the $25.00 liquidation preference per share per annum); and (ii) such unpaid amount shall automatically be compounded (regardless of whether or not declared), quarterly in arrears on such date.

Optional Conversion by Holder

Each Series A-1 Preferred Share, together with accrued but unpaid dividends, is convertible into shares of Common Stock at any time at the option of the holder at a conversion price of $2.00 per share (the Conversion Price), which initially equals 12.5 shares of Common Stock for each Series A-1 Preferred Share as converted ($25.00 divided by $2.00 Conversion Price per share). The Conversion Price shall be adjusted for stock splits, combinations, stock dividends, recapitalizations and other similar events. In addition to the foregoing, the Conversion Price shall be adjusted in the case anti-dilution protections (as contemplated herein) have been triggered. Holders of Series A-1 Preferred Shares will also be entitled to participate in dividends or other distributions to all holders of our Common Stock.

EXHIBIT B - Page 1 

Anti-Dilution Provisions 

In the event the Company issues shares of Common Stock
(or securities convertible or exercisable into Common Stock), subject to customary carve-outs including, but not limited to, securities
issued pursuant to the Companys stock incentive plan, on a date subsequent to the closing of the Offering for an amount per share
(or, in the case of securities convertible or exercise into Common Stock, at a conversion price or exercise price (as applicable)) that
is less than the Conversion Price, then the Conversion Price shall be adjusted using a broad-based weighted average formula, provided
that in no event will the Conversion Price be reduced by an amount that is more than 40% of the original Conversion Price.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, unless and
until the Company obtains the requisite approval from its stockholders in accordance with applicable Nasdaq rules and requirements, in
no event shall the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock deliverable pursuant to the conversion of the Series A-1 Preferred Shares
issued or issuable in connection with the Offering exceed 19.99% of the Common Stock that is outstanding on the date of the Securities
Purchase Agreement for this Offering prior to Closing (the Conversion Share Cap). If the number of shares of Common
Stock deliverable upon conversion would result in the issuance of shares of Common Stock in excess of the Conversion Share Cap, the Company
will not have any further obligation to deliver any shares of Common Stock or pay any cash in excess of the Conversion Share Cap for such
conversion.

Conversion Upon $10.00 or More of

Common Stock

Market Price For a period of two (2) years, commencing on the date of closing of the Offering, the Company may cause the Series A-1 Preferred Shares, plus accrued and unpaid dividends, to be automatically converted, in whole, but not in part, into Common Stock at the Conversion Price if the trading price of the Companys Common Stock equals or exceeds $10.00 per share of Common Stock, for at least 20 trading days in any 30 consecutive trading day period ending five days prior to the date of notice of conversion.

3 Year Non-Callable Feature of Series A-1 Preferred Shares 

Not earlier than three (3) years from the date of
closing of the Offering, the Company shall have the ability to redeem the Series A-1 Preferred Shares, in whole or in part. At such time,
to the extent the Company seeks to redeem all or a portion of the Series A-1 Preferred Shares, it shall provide notice to the holders
of the Series A-1 Preferred Shares of the Companys election to redeem (Redemption Election Notice).

In the event the Company provides a Redemption Election
Notice, the holders of Series A-1 Preferred Shares shall still have the opportunity to convert all or a portion of the Series A-1 Preferred
Shares into the Companys Common Stock at the Conversion Price.

If the holders of Series A-1 Preferred Shares do not
convert all of the Series A-1 Preferred Shares into the Companys Common Stock within ninety (90) days following the receipt of
the Redemption Election Notice, the Company shall redeem the Series A-1 Preferred Shares reflected in the Redemption Election Notice (or
such lesser remaining amount that was not previously converted into the Company's Common Stock) by paying $25.00 per Series A-1 Preferred
Share plus the amount of any accumulated and unpaid dividends.

EXHIBIT B - Page 2 

Ranking The Series A-1 Preferred Shares, with respect to dividend rights and rights upon our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up, will rank:

senior to shares of our Common Stock and any other class of
equity securities, the terms of which provide that such equity securities will rank junior to the Series A-1 Preferred Shares; and

on parity (pari passu) with the Series A Preferred Shares and
with any equity securities the terms of which provide that such equity securities will rank without preference or priority over the other.

Voting Rights

Except as provided herein, the Series A-1 Preferred
Shares shall vote together with the Common Stock on an as-converted basis and not as a separate class. In addition, unless we have received
the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least fifty-one percent (51%) or more of the then outstanding Series A-1 Preferred
Shares, voting as a single class, we may not (i) issue additional Series A-1 Preferred Shares; (ii) create or issue (A) any class or series
of capital stock ranking senior to the Series A-1 Preferred Shares with respect to dividends or distributions or (B) any other pari passu
securities having the same liquidation preference as the Series A-1 Preferred Shares or (iii) amend, modify or alter (A) the certificate
of designation for the Series A-1 Preferred Shares or (B) the Companys certificate of incorporation (including by filing any new
certificate of designation or elimination) or the bylaws of the Company, in each case with respect to this clause (B) in a manner that
adversely affects the rights, preference or privileges of the Series A-1 Preferred Shares.

Registration Rights Each purchaser of Series A-1 Preferred Shares will receive registration rights pursuant to which, among other items, (i) the Company will agree that within 30 days after the closing date of the Offering, the Company will file a registration statement to register the resale of all the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series A-1 Preferred Shares and (ii) the Company will provide holders of Series A-1 Preferred Shares with customary piggyback registration rights.

EXHIBIT B - Page 3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>skyx-20250311.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>skyx-20250311_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>skyx-20250311_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Mar. 11, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 11, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41276

Entity Registrant Name SKYX
PLATFORMS CORP.

Entity Central Index Key 0001598981

Entity Tax Identification Number 46-3645414

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code FL

Entity Address, Address Line One 2855
W. McNab Road 

Entity Address, City or Town Pompano
Beach

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 33069

City Area Code (855)

Local Phone Number 759-7584

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, no par
value per share

Trading Symbol SKYX

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://skyplug.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
skyx-20250311.xsd 
skyx-20250311_lab.xml 
skyx-20250311_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-009948-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001598981 

2025-03-11 
2025-03-11 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001598981 
8-K 
2025-03-11 
SKYX PLATFORMS CORP. 
FL 
001-41276 
46-3645414 
2855 W. McNab Road 
Pompano Beach 
FL 
33069 
(855) 
759-7584 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, no par value per share 
SKYX 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>