<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001683168-25-000431.txt : 20250117
<SEC-HEADER>0001683168-25-000431.hdr.sgml : 20250117
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250117172208
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-25-000431
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		19
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250115
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250117
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250117

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Aclarion, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001635077
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MEDICAL LABORATORIES [8071]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				473324725
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41358
		FILM NUMBER:		25539629

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8181 ARISTA PLACE
		STREET 2:		STE 100
		CITY:			BROOMFIELD
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80021
		BUSINESS PHONE:		833 275 2266

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8181 ARISTA PLACE
		STREET 2:		STE 100
		CITY:			BROOMFIELD
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80021

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Nocimed, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150226
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>acon_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?Aclarion, Inc. 8-K

false000163507700016350772025-01-152025-01-150001635077ACON:CommonStockParValue0.00001PerShareMember2025-01-152025-01-150001635077ACON:WarrantsEachExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockMember2025-01-152025-01-15iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event
reported): January 17, 2025(January
15, 2025)

Aclarion,
Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-41358 47-3324725

(State or other jurisdiction (Commission (IRS Employer

of incorporation) File Number) Identification No.)

8181 Arista Place, Suite 100 

Broomfield, Colorado 80021

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (833)275-2266

Not
Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box
below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following
provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Trading 

Title of each class Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock ACON Nasdaq Stock Market

Common
Stock Warrants ACONW Nasdaq Stock Market

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule
12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive
Agreement.

Underwriting Agreement

On
January 15, 2025, Aclarion, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company) entered into an underwriting agreement the
Underwriting Agreement) with Dawson James Securities, Inc., as representative of the underwriter (the Underwriter)
for the offer and sale (the Offering) of an aggregate of (i) 100,000 shares (the Shares) of its common stock,
par value $0.00001 per share (Common Stock), (ii) 143,900,000 pre-funded warrants (the Pre-Funded Warrants)
to purchase up to an aggregate of 143,900,000 shares of Common Stock (the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares) in lieu of Shares,
(iii) 144,000,000 Series A Common Warrants (the Series A Common Warrants) to purchase up to 144,000,000 shares of Common
Stock (the Series A Warrant Shares) and (iv) 144,000,000 Series B Common Warrants (the Series B Common Warrants
and, together with the Series A Common Warrants, the Common Warrants) to purchase up to 144,000,000 shares of Common Stock
(the Series B Warrant Shares together with the Series A Warrant Shares, the Warrant Shares). Each Share
or Pre-Funded Warrant, as applicable, was sold together with one Series A Common Warrant to purchase one share of Common Stock and one
Series B Common Warrant to purchase one share of Common Stock. The public offering price for each Share and accompanying Common Warrants
was $0.10, and the public offering price for each Pre-Funded Warrant and accompanying Common Warrants was $0.09999 (the Offering
Price). In addition, the Company granted the Underwriter an option to purchase up to an additional 21,000,000 shares of our common
stock (or Pre-Funded Warrants in lieu of shares of Common Stock), at the public offering price, less underwriting discounts and commissions,
and up to an additional 21,000,000 Series A Common Warrants and up to an additional 21,000,000 Series B Common Warrants at a nominal price
within 45 days from January 15, 2025, to cover over-allotment sales. The Underwriter exercised its option to purchase 21,000,000 Series
A Common Warrants and 21,000,000 Series B Common Warrants.

The
Pre-Funded Warrants have an exercise price of $0.00001 per share, are exercisable immediately and expire when exercised in full. Each
Series A Common Warrant will have an exercise price per share of $0.20 and will be exercisable beginning on the first trading day following
the date on which Stockholder Approval (as defined below) is received and deemed effective (the Initial Exercise Date or
the Stockholder Approval Date). The Series A Common Warrants will expire on the five-year anniversary of the Initial Exercise
Date. The Series B Common Warrants will have an exercise price per share of $0.20 and will be exercisable beginning on the Initial Exercise
Date. The Series B Common Warrants will expire on the two and one-half year anniversary of the Initial Exercise Date. The issuance of
Common Warrant Shares upon exercise of the Common Warrants is subject to stockholder approval under applicable rules and regulations
of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq) (Stockholder Approval and the date on which Stockholder Approval
is received and deemed effective, the Stockholder Approval Date). We intend to hold a meeting to obtain Stockholder Approval
within 60 days of January 6, 2025.

Dawson
James Securities, Inc. acted as the sole book-running manager (the Underwriter) for the Offering.

The
net proceeds of the Offering, after deducting the fees and expenses of the Underwriter, described in more detail below, and other offering
expenses payable by the Company, but excluding the net proceeds, if any, from the exercise in cash of the Pre-Funded Warrants and Common
Warrants, were approximately $13.3 million. The potential additional gross proceeds to the Company from the Common Warrants, if fully
exercised on a cash basis, will be approximately $81.1 million. No assurance can be given that any of the Common Warrants will be exercised.
The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the Offering, together with our existing cash, to redeem all outstanding shares of our
Series B Preferred Stock at a redemption price per share equal to $1,000 plus all accrued but unpaid dividends on each such share, with
the remaining net proceeds to be used to build out the product platforms, expand the Companys sales and marketing efforts, and
for general and administration expenses and other general corporate purposes. The Offering closed on January 16, 2025 (the Closing).

In
connection with the Offering, the Companys directors and officers entered into lock-up agreements (the Lock-Up Agreement),
pursuant to which, for a period of 90 days following the Closing, each agreed not to offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, grant, lend
or otherwise dispose of, directly or indirectly, any Common Stock or any securities convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for,
Common Stock, subject to customary exceptions. In addition, pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, until 45 days after the Stockholder
Approval Date, the Company has agreed not to (i) issue, enter into any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance
of any Common Stock or Common Stock equivalents, or (ii) file any registration statement or amendment or supplement thereto, other than
with respect to the registration statement on Form S-1 filed in connection with the Offering, or a registration statement on Form S-8,
except for the securities issued pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement or otherwise in connection with the Offering. The Company also
agreed that from the date of the Underwriting Agreement, until 90 days after the Stockholder Approval Date, the Company is not to effect
or enter into an agreement to effect any issuance of Common Stock or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for
Common Stock involving a Variable Rate Transaction (as defined in the Underwriting Agreement), subject to certain exceptions.

2 

The Underwriting Agreement contains customary representations,
warranties, covenants and agreements by the Company, indemnification obligations of the Company and the Underwriters, including for liabilities
arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), other obligations of the parties and termination
provisions. The representations, warranties and covenants contained in the Underwriting Agreement were made only for the purposes of such
agreement and as of specific dates, were solely for the benefit of the parties to such agreement and may be subject to limitations agreed
upon by the contracting parties.

A
holder will not have the right to exercise any portion of the Common Warrants or Pre-Funded Warrants if the holder (together with its
affiliates) would beneficially own in excess of 4.99% or 9.99%, as applicable, of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately
after giving effect to the exercise, as such percentage ownership is determined in accordance with the terms of the Common Warrants or
the Pre-Funded Warrants, respectively.

The
Shares, the Pre-Funded Warrants, the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares, the Series A Common Warrants, the Series B Common Warrants, and the Warrant
Shares were offered by the Company pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form S-1 originally filed on December 11, 2024, as amended
(including the prospectus forming a part of such Registration Statement), with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC)
under the Securities Act (File No. 333-283724), and declared effective by the SEC on January 14, 2025 (the Registration Statement),
as well as a related registration statement on Form S-1MEF, filed with the SEC on January 14, 2025.

The
foregoing description of the Underwriting Agreement, the Lock-Up Agreement, the Pre-Funded Warrants, the Series A Common Warrants, and
the Series B Common Warrants is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the form of Underwriting
Agreement, the form of the Lock-Up Agreements, the form of Pre-Funded Warrant, the form of Series A Common Warrant, and the form of Series
B Common Warrant, copies of which are filed as Exhibits 10.1, 10.2, 4.1, 4.2, and 4.3, respectively, to this Report on Form 8-K and are
incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits. The following exhibits are filed with this Form 8-K:

Exhibit Number Description

4.1 Form of Series A Warrant

4.2 Form of Series B Warrant

4.3 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant

10.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated January 15, 2025, between the Company and Dawson James Securities, Inc.

10.2 Form of Lock-up Agreement

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

3 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

ACLARION, INC.

January 17, 2025 By: /s/ John Lorbiecki

Name: John Lorbiecki

Title: Chief Financial Officer

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>acon_ex0401.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF SERIES A WARRANT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

SERIES A COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

ACLARION, INC.

Warrant Shares: [*] Issuance Date: January [__], 2025

THIS SERIES A COMMON STOCK
PURCHASE WARRANT (Warrant) certifies that, for value received, CEDE & CO.
or its assigns (the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions
hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after the first Trading Day following the Shareholder Approval Date (as defined below) (such
date, the Initial Exercise Date) and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York, New York time) on the five year anniversary
of the Initial Exercise Date, provided that if such date is not a Trading Day, the immediately following Trading Day (the Termination
Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Aclarion, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company),
up to [______] shares of Common Stock, the (Warrant Shares), subject to adjustment hereunder. The purchase price
of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b). This Warrant
shall initially be issued and maintained in the form of a security held in book-entry form and the Depository Trust Company or its nominee
(DTC) shall initially be the sole registered holder of this Warrant, subject to a Holders right to elect to receive
a Warrant in certificated form pursuant to the terms of the Warrant Agency Agreement, in which case this sentence shall not apply.

Section 1.Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant, the following terms have the meanings indicated
in this Section 1. Capitalized word and terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in that certain
Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement), dated December 23, 2024, among the Company and the purchasers
signatory thereto.

Adjustment
Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(i).

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Alternate
Consideration shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(d).

Applicable
Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(i).

Attribution
Parties shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(e).

Base
Share Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(i).

Bid
Price means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (i) if the Common Stock
is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m.
(New York, New York time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York, New York time)), (ii) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted
average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (iii) if the Common Stock
is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market
(or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common
Stock so reported, or (iv) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser
selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company,
the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Black
Scholes Value shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(d).

1 

Bloomberg
means Bloomberg L.P., or any successor thereto.

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Buy-In
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(d)(iv).

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday, or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed.

Bylaws
means the Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company.

Certificate
of Incorporation means the Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, of the Company.

Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such
securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant, or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Company
shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Convertible
Securities shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(i)(1).

Convertible
Securities Shares shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(i)(1).

Distribution
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(c).

DWAC
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(d)(i).

Dilutive Issuance
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(i).

Event
Market Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(k).

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exercise
Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(b).

2 

Floor
Price means (A) prior to the Shareholder Approval Date, a price equal to $0.02, and (B) effective beginning on the Shareholder
Approval Date, a price equal to $0.02; which in each case shall be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination,
reclassification or similar event or transaction.

Fundamental
Transaction shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(d).

Holder
shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Initial
Exercise Date shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Issuance
Date means the issuance date of this Warrant as set forth on the first page hereof.

New
Issuance Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(i).

Notice
of Exercise shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(a).

Option
means any rights, warrants, or options to subscribe for or purchase Common Stock or Convertible Securities.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof), or other entity of any kind.

Primary
Security shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(i)(4).

Purchase
Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.

Purchase
Rights shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(b).

Redemption
Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(f)(ii).

Redemption Price
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(f)(ii).

Redemption Notice
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(f)(iii).

Redemption Notice Date
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(f)(iii).

Registration
Statement means the Companys registration statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-283724).

Required
Holders shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(d).

3 

Reset
Date means the eleventh (11th) Trading Day following the Shareholder Approval Date.

Reset
Period means the period commencing on the first Trading Day following the Shareholder Approval Date and ending following the
close of trading on the tenth (10th) Trading Day thereafter.

Reset
Price means the greater of (i) the lowest daily VWAP during the Reset Period and (ii) the Floor Price in effect as of the Reset
Date.

Reverse
Stock Split shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(e).

SEC
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Secondary
Securities shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(i)(4).

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Share
Combination Adjustment Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(k).

Share
Combination Event shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(k).

Share
Combination Event Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(k).

Shareholder
Approval means such approval as may be required by the applicable rules and regulations of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (or
any successor entity) from the shareholders of the Company with respect to issuance of all of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of
the Warrants, including, without limitation, (A) to render inapplicable clause (A) of the definition of the Floor Price, thereby giving
full effect to the adjustment to the Exercise Price and/or number of shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrants following any Dilutive
Issuance, Share Combination Event or Reset Date (as defined below) and (B) to consent to any adjustment to the exercise price or number
of shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrants in the event of a Share Combination Event (as defined below).

Shareholder
Approval Date means the Trading Day that Shareholder Approval is received and deemed effective.

Standard Settlement
Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(d)(i).

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed
or acquired after the date hereof.

Successor
Entity shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(d).

Termination
Date shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

4 

Trading
Day means a day on which the Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: The Nasdaq Capital Market, The Nasdaq Global Market, The Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange, or the
NYSE American, (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Trading
Value means, with respect to the Companys Common Stock, the daily trading volume on the Companys primary Trading
Market as reported by Bloomberg multiplied by the closing price of the Common Stock on such date.

Transfer
Agent means VStock Transfer, LLC, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 18 Lafayette Place,
Woodmere, New York 11598 and an email address of Young@VstockTransfer.com, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

Trigger
Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(a).

Unit
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(i)(4).

Valuation
Event shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(i)(4).

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (i) if the Common Stock is then listed or
quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m.
(New York, New York time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York, New York time)), (ii) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted
average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (iii) if the Common Stock
is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market
(or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common
Stock so reported, or (iv) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser
selected in good faith by the holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company,
the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Warrant
Agency Agreement means that certain warrant agency agreement, dated on or about the Issuance Date, between the Company and
the Warrant Agent.

Warrant
Agent means VStock Transfer, LLC.

Warrant
Register shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(c).

Warrant Share Delivery
Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(d)(i).

Warrant
Shares shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Warrants
means this Warrant and other Series A Common Stock purchase warrants issued by the Company pursuant to the Registration Statement.

5 

Section 2.Exercise.

(a)Exercise of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any
time or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed
facsimile copy or PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form attached hereto as Exhibit
A (the Notice of Exercise). Within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) such earlier time comprising
the Standard Settlement Period (as defined in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall
deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the number of Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer
or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is
applicable and specified in the attached Notice of Exercise.The Company shall have no obligation to inquire with respect
to or otherwise confirm the authenticity of the signature(s) contained on any Notice of Exercise nor the authority of the person so executing
such Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee
or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required
to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the
Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three
(3) Trading Days of the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting
in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding
number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and
the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver
any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Trading Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance
of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the
Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount
stated on the face hereof.

(b)Exercise Price. The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $0.20, subject to adjustment hereunder
(the Exercise Price).

(c)Cashless Exercise. If and only if at the time of any exercise hereof there is no effective registration statement registering,
or the prospectus contained therein is not available for the issuance of the Warrant Shares to the Holder, then this Warrant may be exercised,
in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number
of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = as applicable:
(i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1)
both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered
pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule
600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) the Bid Price of the Common Stock on
the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg as of the time of the Holders execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise
if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within two hours thereafter
(including until two hours after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof
or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice
of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours
on such Trading Day;

(B) = the Exercise
Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the number
of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were
by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

If Warrant Shares
are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act,
the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised. The Company agrees not to take any position
contrary to this Section 2(c).

6 

(d)Mechanics of Exercise.

(i)Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted
by the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository
Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in
such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of
the Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B) this Warrant is being exercised via cashless exercise, and otherwise by physical delivery of a
certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares
to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date
that is the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day after delivery of the Notice of Exercise to the Company and (ii) the number of days comprising
the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise and the aggregate Exercise Price (other than
in the case of a cashless exercise) (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of
Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect
to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate
Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received by the Warrant Share Delivery Date. If the Company fails for
any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date following payment
of the aggregate Exercise Price by the Holder (other than in the case of cashless exercise is received by the Company by such date), the
Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such
exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to
$20 per Trading Day on the fifth (5th) Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share
Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent
that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard
Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary
Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise.

(ii)Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request
of a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new
Warrant evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall
in all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

(iii)Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant
to Section 2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise by delivering
written notice to the Company at any time prior to the delivery of such Warrant Shares.

7 

(iv)Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available
to the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions
of Section 2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date (other than a failure caused by incorrect
or incomplete information provided by the Holder to the Company), and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase
(in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver
in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In),
then the Company shall (A) provided that if the Common Stock is then listed or quoted on the Trading Market or any over-the-counter
market (including OTC Pink or any successor) such price set forth in (y)(2) of this clause (A) is reasonably comparable to a market price
or prices in purchases and sales of the Common Stock occurring in the market on or close in time to the Trading Day on which the Holders
purchase occurred taking into account the volume of the Holders purchase, pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which
(x) the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds
(y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection
with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at
the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise
was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock
that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the
Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares
of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding
sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts
payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall
limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation,
a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common
Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof. The obligation of the Company to pay compensation for Buy-In
under this Section 2(d)(iv) is subject to delivery by the Holder of the aggregate Exercise Price in accordance with the terms of
Section 2(a).

(v)No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise
of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company
shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied
by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

(vi)Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer
tax or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the
Company, and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder;
provided, however, that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder,
this Warrant when surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the assignment form substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit
B duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it
for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice
of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required
for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

(vii)Closing of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise
of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

8 

(e)Holders Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have
the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to
such issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates,
and any other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution
Parties)), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the
foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall
include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being
made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised
portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion
of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock
Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the
Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section
2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is
in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance
therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant
is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which
portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall
be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the
Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject
to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination
and shall have no liability for exercises of the Warrant that are not in compliance with the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, except to
the extent the Holder relies on a number of outstanding shares of Common Stock that was provided by the Company. In addition, a determination
as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common
Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic
or annual report filed with the SEC, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written
notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written request of
a Holder, the Company shall within one (1) Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock
then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion
or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date
as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall
be 4.99% (or, upon election by a Holder prior to the issuance of any Warrants, 9.99%) of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon written
notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after
giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section
2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st
day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise
than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective
or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable
to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.
If the Warrant is unexercisable as a result of the Holders Beneficial Ownership Limitation, no alternate consideration is owing
to the Holder.

(f)Reserved.

9 

Section 3.Certain Adjustments.

(a)Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or
otherwise makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable
in shares of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise
of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way
of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares
of the Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction
of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before
such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the
number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this
Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the
record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately
after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

(b)Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time that this
Warrant is outstanding the Company grants, issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities
or other property pro rata to all of the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights),
then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the
Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant
(without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately
before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the
date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights
(provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent
(or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to
such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

(c)Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend
or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital
or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend,
spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution),
at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable
upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the
date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided,
however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the
beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution
shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). To the extent that this Warrant has not been partially or completely exercised at the
time of such Distribution, such portion of the Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until the Holder has
exercised this Warrant.

10 

(d)
Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or
more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company, directly
or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of
its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer
(whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange
their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of greater than 50% of the outstanding Common
Stock or greater than 50% of the voting power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or
more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share
exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property (other
than a stock split or stock dividend), or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a
stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off,
merger or scheme of arrangement (other than a stock split or stock dividend) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other
Person or group acquires greater than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or greater than 50% of the voting power of the common
equity of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the
Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to
the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e)
on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if
it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a
result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately
prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For
purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration
based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and
the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value
of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash
or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration
it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in the
event of a Fundamental Transaction, the Company or any Successor Entity (as defined below) shall, at the Holders option, exercisable
at any time concurrently with, or within 30 days after, the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction (or, if later, the date of the
public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction), purchase this Warrant from the Holder by paying to the Holder an amount
of cash equal to the Black Scholes Value (as defined below) of the remaining unexercised portion of this Warrant on the date of the consummation
of such Fundamental Transaction; provided, however, that, if the Fundamental Transaction is not within the Companys
control, including not approved by the Board of Directors, the Holder shall only be entitled to receive from the Company or any Successor
Entity the same type or form of consideration (and in the same proportion), at the Black Scholes Value of the unexercised portion of
this Warrant, that is being offered and paid to the holders of Common Stock of the Company in connection with the Fundamental Transaction,
whether that consideration be in the form of cash, stock or any combination thereof, or whether the holders of Common Stock are given
the choice to receive from among alternative forms of consideration in connection with the Fundamental Transaction; provided,
further, that if holders of Common Stock of the Company are not offered or paid any consideration in such Fundamental Transaction,
such holders of Common Stock will be deemed to have received shares of common stock of the Successor Entity (which Successor Entity may
be the Company following such Fundamental Transaction) in such Fundamental Transaction. Black Scholes Value means
the value of this Warrant based on the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model obtained from the OV function on Bloomberg determined
as of the day of consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction for pricing purposes and reflecting (A) a risk-free interest
rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable
contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date, (B) an expected volatility equal to the greater of (1) the 30 day volatility,
(2) the 100 day volatility or (3) the 365 day volatility, each of clauses (1)-(3) as obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg (determined
utilizing a 365 day annualization factor) as of the Trading Day immediately following the public announcement of the applicable contemplated
Fundamental Transaction, (C) the underlying price per share used in such calculation shall be the greater of (i) the sum of the price
per share being offered in cash, if any, plus the value of any non-cash consideration, if any, being offered in such Fundamental Transaction
and (ii) the VWAP immediately preceding the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction (or the consummation
of the applicable Fundamental Transaction, if earlier), (D) the sum of the remaining option time equal to the time between the date of
the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date and (E) a zero cost of borrow.
The payment of the Black Scholes Value will be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds (or such other consideration) within
the later of (i) five Business Days of the Holders election and (ii) the date of consummation of the Fundamental Transaction.
The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor
Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant in accordance with the provisions of
this Section 3(d) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the holders of Warrants representing
at least a majority of the shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrants then outstanding without giving effect to any beneficial ownership
limitations (the Required Holders) and approved by the Required Holders (without unreasonable delay) prior to such
Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the
Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for
a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common
Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior
to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock
(but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such
shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic
value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in
form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall be added to the
term Company under this Warrant (so that from and after the occurrence or consummation of such Fundamental Transaction,
each and every provision of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead
to each of the Company and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally), and the Successor Entity or Successor
Entities, jointly and severally with the Company, may exercise every right and power of the Company prior thereto and the Successor Entity
or Successor Entities shall assume all of the obligations of the Company prior thereto under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents
with the same effect as if the Company and such Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally, had been named as the
Company herein. For the avoidance of doubt, the Holder shall be entitled to the benefits of the provisions of this Section 3(d)
regardless of (i) whether the Company has sufficient authorized shares of Common Stock for the issuance of Warrant Shares and/or (ii)
whether a Fundamental Transaction occurs prior to the Initial Exercise Date.

11 

(e)Calculations. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a
share, as the case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding
as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

(f)Notice to Holder.

(i)Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3,
the Company shall promptly deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting
adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

(ii)Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form
other than a stock split or stock dividend) on the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on
or a redemption of the Common Stock (excluding any granting or issuance of rights to all of the Companys stockholders pursuant
to a stockholder rights plan), (C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe
for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be
required in connection with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its
Subsidiaries) is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the
Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution,
liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by facsimile or email
to the Holder at its last facsimile number or email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least ten
(10) calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record
is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the
date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants
are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected
to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to
exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation,
merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof
shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided
in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company
shall simultaneously file such notice with the SEC pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise
this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except
as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

(g)Voluntary Adjustment By Company. Subject to the rules and regulations of the Trading Market, the Company may at any time
during the term of this Warrant reduce the then current Exercise Price to any amount and for any period of time deemed appropriate by
the Companys Board of Directors.

(h)Shareholder Approval. The Company shall file a proxy statement on Schedule 14A within ten (10) days of Closing and hold
a special meeting of shareholders (which may also be at the annual meeting of shareholders) at the earliest practical date after the date
following the filing thereof (and in no event later than 60 days after January 6, 2025) for the purpose of obtaining Stockholder Approval,
with the recommendation of the Companys Board of Directors that such proposal be approved, and the Company shall solicit proxies
from its stockholders in connection therewith in the same manner as all other management proposals in such proxy statement and all management-appointed
proxyholders shall vote their proxies in favor of such proposal. The Company shall provide written notice to the Holder of the anticipated
Shareholder Approval Date at least three (3) Trading Days prior to the date of the shareholder meeting at which the Shareholder Approval
is expected to be obtained. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to obtain such Stockholder Approval. If, despite the Companys
reasonable best efforts the Stockholder Approval is not obtained on or prior to the Stockholder Meeting Deadline, the Company shall cause
an additional Stockholder Meeting to be held on or prior to the ninetieth (90th) calendar day following the failure to obtain Stockholder
Approval. If, despite the Companys reasonable best efforts the Stockholder Approval is not obtained after such subsequent stockholder
meetings, the Company shall cause an additional Stockholder Meeting to be held every ninety days thereafter until (i) such Stockholder
Approval is obtained, or (ii) December 31, 2025, whichever is sooner.

12 

(i)Subsequent Equity Sales. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding (such period, the Adjustment Period),
the Company issues, sells, enters into an agreement to sell, or grants any option to purchase, or sells, enters into an agreement to sell,
or grants any right to reprice, or otherwise disposes of or issues (or announces any offer, sale, grant, or any option to purchase or
other disposition), or, in accordance with this Section 3(i), is deemed to have issued or sold, any shares of Common Stock or Common
Stock Equivalents for a consideration per share (the New Issuance Price) less than a price equal to the Exercise
Price in effect immediately prior to such issue or sale or deemed issuance or sale (such Exercise Price then in effect is referred to
as the Applicable Price) (the foregoing a Dilutive Issuance), then simultaneously with the consummation
(or, if earlier, the announcement) of such Dilutive Issuance, the Exercise Price then in effect shall be reduced to an amount (the New
Exercise Price) equal to the lower of (A) the New Issuance Price and (B) the lowest VWAP during the five (5) consecutive Trading
Days immediately following the Dilutive Issuance (such lower price, the Base Share Price) and the number of Warrant
Shares issuable hereunder shall be proportionately increased such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant on the Issuance Date
for the Warrant Shares then outstanding shall remain unchanged; provided that the Base Share Price shall not be less than the Floor
Price. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if one or more Dilutive Issuances occurred prior to the Shareholder Approval Date such that the
reduction of the Exercise Price was limited by clause (A) in the definition of the Floor Price, then effective on the Shareholder Approval
Date, the Exercise Price will automatically be reduced to equal the greater of (x) lowest Base Share Price with respect to any Dilutive
Issuance that occurred prior to the Shareholder Approval Date and (B) the Floor Price determined in reference to clause (B) of the definition
of the Floor Price, and in any such event the number of Warrant Shares issuable hereunder shall be increased such that the aggregate Exercise
Price of this Warrant on the Issuance Date for the Warrant Shares then outstanding shall remain unchanged. If the Company enters into
a Variable Rate Transaction (as defined in the Purchase Agreement; provided, that, with respect to a Variable Rate Transaction
that is an equity line of credit or an at-the-market offering, this Section 3(i) shall apply to any issuances of
Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents thereunder rather than the entry into the agreement with respect thereto), the Company shall
be deemed to have issued shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents at the lowest possible price, conversion price, or exercise
price at which such securities may be issued, converted, or exercised. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no adjustments shall be made, paid,
or issued under this Section 3(i) in respect of an Exempt Issuance (as defined in the Purchase Agreement). For the avoidance of
doubt, in the event the Exercise Price has been adjusted pursuant to this Section 3(i) and the Dilutive Issuance that triggered
such adjustment does not occur, is not consummated, is unwound, or is canceled after the facts for any reason whatsoever, in no event
shall the Exercise Price be readjusted to the Exercise Price that would have been in effect if such Dilutive Issuance had not occurred
or been consummated. For all purposes of the foregoing, the following shall be applicable:

(1) Issuance
of Options. If, during the Adjustment Period, the Company in any manner grants or sells any Options and the lowest price per share
for which one share of Common Stock is issuable upon the exercise of any such Option or upon conversion, exercise, or exchange of any
convertible securities (Convertible Securities) issuable upon exercise of any such Option (such shares of Common
Stock issuable upon such exercise of any Option or upon conversion, exercise, or exchange of any Convertible Securities, the Convertible
Securities Shares) is less than the Applicable Price, then such shares of Common Stock shall be deemed to be outstanding and
to have been issued and sold by the Company at the time of the granting or sale of such Option for such price per share. For purposes
of this Section 3(i)(1), the lowest price per share for which one share of Common Stock is issuable upon the exercise of
any such Option or upon conversion, exercise, or exchange of any Convertible Securities issuable upon exercise of any such Option
shall be equal to (A) the sum of (1) the lowest amount of consideration (if any) received or receivable by the Company with respect to
any one Convertible Securities Share upon the granting or sale of such Option, upon exercise of such Option and upon conversion, exercise,
or exchange of any Convertible Security issuable upon exercise of such Option and (2) the lowest exercise price set forth in such Option
for which one Convertible Securities Share is issuable upon the exercise of any such Option or upon conversion, exercise, or exchange
of any Convertible Securities issuable upon exercise of any such Option, minus (B) the sum of all amounts paid or payable to the holder
of such Option (or any other Person), with respect to any one Convertible Securities Share, upon the granting or sale of such Option,
upon exercise of such Option and upon conversion, exercise, or exchange of any Convertible Security issuable upon exercise of such Option
plus the value of any other consideration received or receivable by, or benefit conferred on, the holder of such Option (or any other
Person), with respect to any one Convertible Securities Share. Except as contemplated below, no further adjustment of the Exercise Price
shall be made upon the actual issuance of such Convertible Securities Share or of such Convertible Securities upon the exercise of such
Options or upon the actual issuance of such Convertible Securities Share upon conversion, exercise, or exchange of such Convertible Securities.

13 

(2) Issuance
of Convertible Securities. If, during the Adjustment Period, the Company in any manner issues or sells any Convertible Securities
and the lowest price per share for which one Convertible Securities Share is issuable upon the conversion, exercise, or exchange thereof
is less than the Applicable Price, then such Convertible Securities Share shall be deemed to be outstanding and to have been issued and
sold by the Company at the time of the issuance or sale of such Convertible Securities for such price per share. For the purposes of this
Section 3(i)(2), the lowest price per share for which one Convertible Securities Share is issuable upon the conversion,
exercise or exchange thereof shall be equal to (A) the sum of (1) the lowest amount of consideration (if any) received or receivable
by the Company with respect to one Convertible Securities Share upon the issuance or sale of the Convertible Security and upon conversion,
exercise, or exchange of such Convertible Security and (2) the lowest conversion price set forth in such Convertible Security for which
one Convertible Securities Share is issuable upon conversion, exercise, or exchange thereof, minus (B) the sum of all amounts paid or
payable to the holder of such Convertible Security (or any other Person), with respect to any one Convertible Securities Share, upon the
issuance or sale of such Convertible Security plus the value of any other consideration received or receivable by, or benefit conferred
on, the holder of such Convertible Security (or any other Person), with respect to any one Convertible Securities Share. Except as contemplated
below, no further adjustment of the Exercise Price shall be made upon the actual issuance of such Convertible Securities Share upon conversion,
exercise, or exchange of such Convertible Securities, and if any such issue or sale of such Convertible Securities is made upon exercise
of any Options for which adjustment of the Exercise Price has been or is to be made pursuant to other provisions of this Section 3(i)(2),
except as contemplated below, no further adjustment of the Exercise Price shall be made by reason of such issue or sale.

(3) Change
in Option Price or Rate of Conversion. If, during the Adjustment Period, the purchase or exercise price provided for in any Options,
the additional consideration, if any, payable upon the issue, conversion, exercise, or exchange of any Convertible Securities, or the
rate at which any Convertible Securities are convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock increases or decreases
at any time (other than proportional changes in conversion or exercise prices, as applicable, in connection with an event referred to
in Section 3(a), the Exercise Price in effect at the time of such increase or decrease shall be adjusted to the Exercise Price
which would have been in effect at such time had such Options or Convertible Securities provided for such increased or decreased purchase
price, additional consideration or increased or decreased conversion rate, as the case may be, at the time initially granted, issued,
or sold. For purposes of this Section 3(i)(3), if the terms of any Option or Convertible Security that was outstanding as
of the date of issuance of this Warrant are increased or decreased in the manner described in the immediately preceding sentence, then
such Option or Convertible Security and the Convertible Securities Share deemed issuable upon exercise, conversion, or exchange thereof
shall be deemed to have been issued as of the date of such increase or decrease. No adjustment pursuant to this Section 3(i)(3)
shall be made if such adjustment would result in an increase of the Exercise Price then in effect.

14 

(4) Calculation
of Consideration Received. If any Option or Convertible Security is issued in connection with the issuance or sale or deemed issuance
or sale of any other securities of the Company (the Primary Security, and such Option or Convertible Security, the
Secondary Securities and together with the Primary Security, each a Unit), together comprising
one integrated transaction, the aggregate consideration per share with respect to such Primary Security shall be deemed to be the lowest
of (x) the purchase price of such Unit, (y) if such Primary Security is an Option and/or Convertible Security, the lowest price per share
for which one share of Common Stock is at any time issuable upon the exercise or conversion of the Primary Security in accordance with
Section 3(i)(1) or 3(i)(2) above and (z) the lowest VWAP of the shares of Common Stock on any Trading Day during the five
(5) consecutive Trading Days immediately following the consummation (or, if applicable, the announcement) of such Dilutive Issuance (for
the avoidance of doubt, if such public announcement, if applicable, is released prior to the opening of the Principal Market on a Trading
Day, such Trading Day shall be the first Trading Day in such five (5) Trading Day period and if this Warrant is exercised on any given
Exercise Date during any such period, the Holder may elect to earlier end such period (including, solely with respect to such portion
of this Warrant exercised on such applicable Exercise Date)). If any shares of Common Stock, Options, or Convertible Securities are issued
or sold or deemed to have been issued or sold for cash, the consideration received therefor will be deemed to be the net amount of cash
received by the Company therefor. If any shares of Common Stock, Options, or Convertible Securities are issued or sold for a consideration
other than cash, the amount of such consideration received by the Company will be the fair value of such consideration, except where such
consideration consists of publicly traded securities, in which case the amount of consideration received by the Company for such securities
will be the arithmetic average of the VWAPs of such security for each of the five (5) Trading Days immediately preceding the date of receipt.
If any shares of Common Stock, Options, or Convertible Securities are issued to the owners of the non-surviving entity in connection with
any merger in which the Company is the surviving entity, the amount of consideration therefor will be deemed to be the fair market value
of such portion of the net assets and business of the non-surviving entity as is attributable to such shares of Common Stock, Options
or Convertible Securities (as the case may be). The fair market value of any consideration other than cash or publicly traded securities
will be determined jointly by the Company and the Holder. If such parties are unable to reach agreement within ten (10) days after the
occurrence of an event requiring valuation (the Valuation Event), the fair market value of such consideration will
be determined within five (5) Trading Days after the tenth (10th) day following such Valuation Event by an independent, reputable appraiser
jointly selected by the Company and the Holder. The determination of such appraiser shall be final and binding upon all parties absent
manifest error and the fees and expenses of such appraiser shall be borne by the Company.

(5) Record
Date. If, during the Adjustment Period, the Company takes a record of stockholders for the purpose of entitling them (A) to receive
a dividend or other distribution payable in shares of Common Stock, Options, or in Convertible Securities or (B) to subscribe for or purchase
shares of Common Stock, Options, or Convertible Securities, then such record date will be deemed to be the date of the issue or sale of
shares of Common Stock deemed to have been issued or sold upon the declaration of such dividend or the making of such other distribution
or the date of the granting of such right of subscription or purchase (as the case may be).

15 

(j)Share Combination Event Adjustment. In addition to the adjustments set forth in Section 3(a) above, if at any
time and from time to time on or after the Issuance Date, there occurs any stock split, stock dividend, stock combination, or reverse
stock split, recapitalization, or other similar transaction involving the Common Stock (each, a Share Combination Event,
and such date thereof, the Share Combination Event Date) and the lowest VWAP during the period commencing five (5)
consecutive Trading Days immediately preceding and the five (5) consecutive Trading Days commencing on the Share Combination Event Date
(the Event Market Price) (provided if the Share Combination Event is effective after the close of trading
on the primary Trading Market, then commencing on the next Trading Day which period shall be the Share Combination Adjustment
Period) is less than the Exercise Price then in effect (after giving effect to the adjustment in Section 3(a) above),
then at the close of trading on the primary Trading Market on the last day of the Share Combination Adjustment Period, the Exercise Price
then in effect on such fifth (5th) Trading Day shall be reduced (but in no event increased) to the Event Market Price and the number of
Warrant Shares issuable hereunder shall be increased such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant on the Issuance Date for the
Warrant Shares then outstanding shall remain unchanged. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the adjustment to the Exercise Price in this Section
3(k) shall not reduce the Exercise Price below the Floor Price; provided further that notwithstanding the foregoing, if one or
more Share Combination Events occurred prior to the Shareholder Approval Date such that the reduction of the Exercise Price was limited
by clause (A) of the definition of the Floor Price, then effective on the Shareholder Approval Date, the Exercise Price will automatically
be reduced to equal the greater of (x) the lowest Event Market Price with respect to any Share Combination Event that occurred prior to
the Shareholder Approval Date, and (y) the Floor Price determined by reference to clause (B) of the definition of the Floor Price, and
in any such event the number of Warrant Shares issuable hereunder shall be increased such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant
on the Issuance Date for the Warrant Shares then outstanding shall remain unchanged. For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if the adjustment
in the immediately preceding sentence would otherwise result in an increase in the Exercise Price hereunder, no adjustment shall be made,
and if this Warrant is exercised, on any given Exercise Date during the Share Combination Adjustment Period, solely with respect to such
portion of this Warrant exercised on such applicable Exercise Date, such applicable Share Combination Adjustment Period shall be deemed
to have ended on, and included, the Trading Day immediately prior to such Exercise Date and the Event Market Price on such applicable
Exercise Date will be the lowest VWAP of the Common Stock immediately during such the Share Combination Adjustment Period prior to such
Exercise Date and ending on, and including the Trading Day immediately prior to such Exercise Date and (ii) all adjustments pursuant to
this Section 3(k) shall also be subject to Section 3(a) above, including any Event Market Price. Notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, the aggregate Exercise Price used in the determination of the increase in Warrant Shares above shall
be based on the aggregate Exercise Price on the Closing Date (reduced ratably for prior exercises), and shall not be based on an aggregate
Exercise Price resulting from a reduction in the Exercise Price without a proportionate increase in the number of Warrant Shares (i.e.,
pursuant to this Section 3(k) or otherwise).

(k)Reset. On the Reset Date, the Exercise Price shall be adjusted to equal the lowest of (i) the Exercise Price then in
effect, (ii) the Reset Price determined as of the date of determination and (iii) the lowest VWAP during the period commencing
five (5) consecutive Trading Days immediately preceding the Reset Date. Upon such reset of the Exercise Price pursuant to this Section
3(k), the number of Warrant Shares issuable hereunder shall be increased such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant on the
Issuance Date for the Warrant Shares then outstanding shall remain unchanged following such reset. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a
Holder requests to exercise this Warrant in whole or in part on any given date prior to the Reset Date, solely with respect to such portion
of this Warrant being exercised on such applicable Exercise Date, (a) such applicable Reset Date shall be deemed to mean the Exercise
Date, (b) such applicable Reset Period shall be deemed to have ended on the Trading Day immediately prior to the Exercise Date and (c)
the applicable Reset Price for such exercised Warrants shall be calculated pursuant to this Section 3(k). For the avoidance of doubt,
following the calculation of the Reset Price pursuant to this Section 3(k), the Companys obligations with regard to such exercised
Warrants shall be deemed satisfied and no additional Reset Price shall apply to such exercised Warrants.

16 

Section 4.Transfer of Warrant.

(a)Transferability. Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws, this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including,
without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office
of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto as
Exhibit B duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the
making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants
in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment,
and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly
be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to
the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company
within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full.
The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without
having a new Warrant issued.

(b)New Warrants. If this Warrant is not held in global form through DTC (or any successor depositary), this Warrant may be
divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company, together with a written notice
specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject
to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination, the Company shall execute
and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance with such notice.
All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the Issuance Date of this Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant
except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

(c)Warrant Register. The Warrant Agent shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Warrant Agent for
that purpose (the Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem
and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution
to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

Section 5.Miscellaneous.

(a)Reverse Stock Split. If at any time this Warrant is outstanding and the Company receives notice from the Trading Market
that the Company is failing to satisfy the Trading Markets minimum bid price requirement (the Trigger Date),
then the Company shall take all necessary steps to obtain the necessary consents and approvals to undertake a reverse stock split after
such Trigger Date and shall, prior to the effectiveness of any delisting notice issued by the Trading Market, effect such reverse stock
split.

(b)No Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights,
dividends or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except
as expressly set forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise
pursuant to Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in
no event shall the Company be required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

17 

(c)Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares,
and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant,
shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the
Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant
or stock certificate.

(d)Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right
required or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding
Trading Day.

(e)Authorized Shares.

On or prior to
the Shareholder Approval Date, the Company shall effectuate a reverse stock split of its Common Stock such that it has a sufficient number
of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant (the Reverse
Stock Split).

The Company covenants
that, from the Initial Exercise Date and thereafter during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized
and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase
rights under this Warrant. The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers
who are charged with the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The
Company will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without
violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed.
The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant
will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be
duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect
of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except and to
the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its Certificate
of Incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or
any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all
times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate
to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment (it being understood that this Warrant shall not in any
case prevent the Company from effecting any such amendment, reorganization, transfer, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issuance or
sale). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the
amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary
or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of
this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory
body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before taking
any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise
Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public
regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

18 

(f)Governing Law; Exclusive Jurisdiction. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation
of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement, and any action relating to this Warrant
shall only be brought as provided in the Purchase Agreement.

(g)Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered,
and the Holder does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

(h)Nonwaiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder
shall operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies, notwithstanding the fact
that the right to exercise this Warrant terminates on the Termination Date. Without limiting any other provision of this Warrant, if the
Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in any material damages to the Holder,
the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including, but not limited to,
reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant
hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

(i)Notices. Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company
shall be delivered in accordance with the notice provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

(j)Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant
to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the
Holder for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company
or by creditors of the Company.

(k)Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages,
will be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate
compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to
assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

(l)Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby
shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted
assigns of the Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant
and shall be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

(m)Amendment and Waiver. Except as otherwise provided herein, the provisions of this Warrant may be amended and the Company
may take any action herein prohibited, or omit to perform any act herein required to be performed by it, only if the Company has obtained
the written consent of the Required Holders. Any such amendment shall apply to all Warrants outstanding and be binding upon all registered
holders of such Warrants.

19 

(n)Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and
valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision
shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining
provisions of this Warrant.

(o)Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be
deemed a part of this Warrant.

(p)Warrant Agency Agreement. If this Warrant is held in global form through DTC (or any successor depositary), this Warrant
is issued subject to the Warrant Agency Agreement. To the extent any provision of this Warrant conflicts with the express provisions
of the Warrant Agency Agreement, this Warrant shall control; provided, however, that the express terms of the Warrant Agency Agreement
shall control and supersede any provision in this Warrant concerning the rights, duties, obligations, protections, immunities and liability
of the Warrant Agent.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

20 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

ACLARION, INC.

By: _____________________________

Name:

Title:

[Signature page to Series A Common Stock Purchase
Warrant]

21 

EXHIBIT A

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

TO: ACLARION, INC.

(1) The undersigned hereby
elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised in full), and
tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment shall take the
form of (check applicable box):

in lawful money of the United States; or

if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection
2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure
set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3) Please issue said Warrant
Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following
DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

[SIGNATURE OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity:

________________________________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity:

_________________________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory:

___________________________________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory:

____________________________________________________________________

Date:

___________________________________________________________________________

22 

EXHIBIT B

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this
form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and
all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: ______________________________________

(Please Print)

Address: ______________________________________

Phone Number:

Email Address:

(Please Print)

______________________________________

______________________________________

Dated: _______________ __, ______

Holders Signature: ___________________

Holders Address: ____________________

23
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>acon_ex0402.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF SERIES B WARRANT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.2

SERIES B COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

ACLARION, INC.

Warrant Shares: [*] Issuance Date: January [__], 2025

THIS SERIES B COMMON STOCK
PURCHASE WARRANT (Warrant) certifies that, for value received, CEDE & CO.
or its assigns (the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions
hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after the first Trading Date following Shareholder Approval Date (as defined below) (such date,
the Initial Exercise Date) and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York, New York time) on the two and one-half (2.5) year
anniversary of the Initial Exercise Date, provided that if such date is not a Trading Day, the immediately following Trading Day
(the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Aclarion, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(the Company), up to [______] shares of Common Stock, the (Warrant Shares), subject to adjustment
hereunder. The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section
2(b). This Warrant shall initially be issued and maintained in the form of a security held in book-entry form and the Depository Trust
Company or its nominee (DTC) shall initially be the sole registered holder of this Warrant, subject to a Holders
right to elect to receive a Warrant in certificated form pursuant to the terms of the Warrant Agency Agreement, in which case this sentence
shall not apply.

Section 1.Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant, the following terms have the meanings indicated
in this Section 1. Capitalized word and terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in that certain
Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement), dated December 23, 2024, among the Company and the purchasers
signatory thereto.

Adjustment
Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(i).

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Alternate
Consideration shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(d).

Attribution
Parties shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(e).

Bid
Price means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (i) if the Common Stock
is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m.
(New York, New York time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York, New York time)), (ii) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted
average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (iii) if the Common Stock
is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market
(or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common
Stock so reported, or (iv) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser
selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company,
the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Black
Scholes Value shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(d).

Bloomberg
means Bloomberg L.P., or any successor thereto.

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Buy-In
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(d)(iv).

1 

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday, or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed.

Bylaws
means the Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company.

Certificate
of Incorporation means the Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, of the Company.

Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such
securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant, or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Company
shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Distribution
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(c).

DWAC
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(d)(i).

Event
Market Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(i).

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exercise
Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(b).

Floor
Price means (A) prior to the Shareholder Approval Date, a price equal to $0.02, and (B) effective beginning on the Shareholder
Approval Date, a price equal to $0.02; which in each case shall be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination,
reclassification or similar event or transaction.

Fundamental
Transaction shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(d).

Holder
shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Initial
Exercise Date shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Issuance
Date means the issuance date of this Warrant as set forth on the first page hereof.

2 

Notice
of Exercise shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(a).

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof), or other entity of any kind.

Purchase
Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.

Purchase
Rights shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(b).

Redemption
Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(f)(ii).

Redemption Price
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(f)(ii).

Redemption Notice
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(f)(iii).

Redemption Notice Date
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(f)(iii).

Registration
Statement means the Companys registration statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-283724).

Required
Holders shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(d).

Reset
Date means the eleventh (11th) Trading Day following the Shareholder Approval Date.

Reset
Period means the period commencing on the first Trading Day following the Shareholder Approval Date and ending following the
close of trading on the tenth (10th) Trading Day thereafter.

Reset
Price means the greater of (i) the lowest daily VWAP during the Reset Period and (ii) the Floor Price in effect as of the Reset
Date.

Reverse
Stock Split shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(e).

SEC
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Share
Combination Adjustment Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(i).

Share
Combination Event shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(i).

Share
Combination Event Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(i).

3 

Shareholder
Approval means such approval as may be required by the applicable rules and regulations of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (or
any successor entity) from the shareholders of the Company with respect to issuance of all of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of
the Warrants, including, without limitation, (A) to render inapplicable clause (A) of the definition of the Floor Price, thereby giving
full effect to the alternative cashless exercises pursuant to Section 2(c) hereof and the adjustment to the Exercise Price and/or
the number of shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrants following any Share Combination Event or Reset Date and (B) to consent to
any adjustment to the exercise price or number of shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrants in the event of a Share Combination Event
(as defined below).

Shareholder
Approval Date means the Trading Day that Shareholder Approval is received and deemed effective.

Standard Settlement
Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(d)(i).

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed
or acquired after the date hereof.

Successor
Entity shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(d).

Termination
Date shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Trading
Day means a day on which the Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: The Nasdaq Capital Market, The Nasdaq Global Market, The Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange, or the
NYSE American, (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Trading
Value means, with respect to the Companys Common Stock, the daily trading volume on the Companys primary Trading
Market as reported by Bloomberg multiplied by the closing price of the Common Stock on such date.

Transfer
Agent means VStock Transfer, LLC, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 18 Lafayette Place,
Woodmere, New York 11598 and an email address of Young@VstockTransfer.com, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

Trigger
Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(a).

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (i) if the Common Stock is then listed or
quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m.
(New York, New York time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York, New York time)), (ii) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted
average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (iii) if the Common Stock
is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market
(or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common
Stock so reported, or (iv) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser
selected in good faith by the holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company,
the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

4 

Warrant
Agency Agreement means that certain warrant agency agreement, dated on or about the Issuance Date, between the Company and
the Warrant Agent.

Warrant
Agent means VStock Transfer, LLC.

Warrant
Register shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(c).

Warrant Share Delivery
Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(d)(i).

Warrant
Shares shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Warrants
means this Warrant and other Series B Common Stock purchase warrants issued by the Company pursuant to the Registration Statement.

Section 2.Exercise.

(a)Exercise of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any
time or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed
facsimile copy or PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form attached hereto as Exhibit
A (the Notice of Exercise). Within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) such earlier time comprising
the Standard Settlement Period (as defined in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall
deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the number of Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer
or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is
applicable and specified in the attached Notice of Exercise. For the avoidance of doubt, any reference to cashless exercise herein shall
include a reference to alternative cashless exercise.The Company shall have no obligation to inquire with respect to or otherwise
confirm the authenticity of the signature(s) contained on any Notice of Exercise nor the authority of the person so executing such Notice
of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization)
of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically
surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has
been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading
Days of the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases
of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant
Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall
maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection
to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Trading Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this
Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant
Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on
the face hereof.

5 

(b)Exercise Price. The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $0.20, subject to adjustment hereunder
(the Exercise Price).

(c)Cashless Exercise. If and only if at the time of any exercise hereof there is no effective registration statement registering,
or the prospectus contained therein is not available for the issuance of the Warrant Shares to the Holder, then this Warrant may be exercised,
in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number
of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = as applicable:
(i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1)
both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered
pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule
600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) the Bid Price of the Common Stock on
the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg as of the time of the Holders execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise
if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within two hours thereafter
(including until two hours after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof
or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice
of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours
on such Trading Day;

(B) = the Exercise
Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the number
of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were
by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

Whether or not
an effective registration statement or prospectus is available, the Holder may also effect an alternative cashless exercise
at any time on or after the Shareholder Approval Date. In such event, the aggregate number of Warrant Shares issuable in such alternative
cashless exercise pursuant to any given Notice of Exercise electing to effect an alternative cashless exercise shall equal the product
of (i) the aggregate number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a
cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise, multiplied by (ii) 3.0. Such number of aggregate Warrant Shares issuable in such alternative
cashless exercise shall be proportionally adjusted in the event of any stock split, dividend, reclassification or any other adjustment
provided in Section 3(a) hereof. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, on the Termination Date, this Warrant shall be
automatically exercised via cashless exercise pursuant to this Section 2(c), provided that the Shareholder Approval Date
shall have occurred.

If Warrant Shares
are issued in any cashless exercise provided for under this Section 2(c), the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance
with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised.
The Company agrees not to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

6 

(d)Mechanics of Exercise.

(i)(i) Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted
by the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository
Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in
such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of
the Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B) this Warrant is being exercised via cashless exercise, and otherwise by physical delivery of a
certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares
to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date
that is the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day after delivery of the Notice of Exercise to the Company and (ii) the number of days comprising
the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise and the aggregate Exercise Price (other than
in the case of a cashless exercise) (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of
Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect
to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of
the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received by the Warrant Share Delivery Date. If the Company
fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date following
payment of the aggregate Exercise Price by the Holder (other than in the case of cashless exercise is received by the Company by such
date), the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject
to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing
to $20 per Trading Day on the fifth (5th) Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share
Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent
that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard
Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary
Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise.

(ii)Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request
of a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new
Warrant evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall
in all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

(iii)Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant
to Section 2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise by delivering
written notice to the Company at any time prior to the delivery of such Warrant Shares.

7 

(iv)Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available
to the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions
of Section 2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date (other than a failure caused by incorrect
or incomplete information provided by the Holder to the Company), and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase
(in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver
in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In),
then the Company shall (A) provided that if the Common Stock is then listed or quoted on the Trading Market or any over-the-counter
market (including OTC Pink or any successor) such price set forth in (y)(2) of this clause (A) is reasonably comparable to a market price
or prices in purchases and sales of the Common Stock occurring in the market on or close in time to the Trading Day on which the Holders
purchase occurred taking into account the volume of the Holders purchase, pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which
(x) the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds
(y) the amount obtained bymultiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection
with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at
the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise
was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock
that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the
Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares
of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding
sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts
payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall
limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation,
a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common
Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof. The obligation of the Company to pay compensation for Buy-In
under this Section 2(d)(iv) is subject to delivery by the Holder of the aggregate Exercise Price in accordance with the terms of
Section 2(a).

(v)No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise
of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company
shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied
by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

(vi)Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer
tax or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the
Company, and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder;
provided, however, that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder,
this Warrant when surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the assignment form substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit
B duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it
for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice
of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required
for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

(vii)Closing of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise
of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

8 

(e)Holders Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have
the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to
such issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates,
and any other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution
Parties)), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the
foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall
include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being
made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised
portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion
of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock
Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the
Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section
2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is
in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance
therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant
is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which
portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall
be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the
Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject
to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination
and shall have no liability for exercises of the Warrant that are not in compliance with the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, except to
the extent the Holder relies on a number of outstanding shares of Common Stock that was provided by the Company. In addition, a determination
as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common
Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic
or annual report filed with the SEC, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written
notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written request of
a Holder, the Company shall within one (1) Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock
then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion
or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date
as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall
be 4.99% (or, upon election by a Holder prior to the issuance of any Warrants, 9.99%) of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon written
notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided
that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately
after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this
Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st
day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise
than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective
or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable
to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.
If the Warrant is unexercisable as a result of the Holders Beneficial Ownership Limitation, no alternate consideration is owing
to the Holder.

(f)Reserved.

9 

Section 3.Certain Adjustments.

(a)Stock Dividends and Splits. In addition to any adjustment provided under Section 2(c), if the Company, at any time
while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common
Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not
include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common
Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into
a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company,
then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common
Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of
shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall
be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant
to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to
receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination
or re-classification.

(b)Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time that this
Warrant is outstanding the Company grants, issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities
or other property pro rata to all of the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights),
then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the
Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant
(without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately
before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the
date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights
(provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result
in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right
to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase
Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

(c)Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend
or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital
or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend,
spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution),
at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable
upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the
date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided,
however, that, to the extent that the Holder's right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the
beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution
shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). To the extent that this Warrant has not been partially or completely exercised at the
time of such Distribution, such portion of the Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until the Holder has
exercised this Warrant.

10 

(d)Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in
one or more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company, directly
or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of
its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer
(whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange
their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of greater than 50% of the outstanding Common
Stock or greater than 50% of the voting power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or
more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share
exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property (other
than a stock split or stock dividend), or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a
stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off,
merger or scheme of arrangement (other than a stock split or stock dividend) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other
Person or group acquires greater than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or greater than 50% of the voting power of the common
equity of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the
Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to
the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e)
on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if
it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a
result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately
prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For
purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration
based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and
the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value
of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash
or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration
it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in the
event of a Fundamental Transaction, the Company or any Successor Entity (as defined below) shall, at the Holders option, exercisable
at any time concurrently with, or within 30 days after, the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction (or, if later, the date of the
public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction), purchase this Warrant from the Holder by paying to the Holder an amount
of cash equal to the Black Scholes Value (as defined below) of the remaining unexercised portion of this Warrant on the date of the consummation
of such Fundamental Transaction; provided, however, that, if the Fundamental Transaction is not within the Companys
control, including not approved by the Board of Directors, the Holder shall only be entitled to receive from the Company or any Successor
Entity the same type or form of consideration (and in the same proportion), at the Black Scholes Value of the unexercised portion of
this Warrant, that is being offered and paid to the holders of Common Stock of the Company in connection with the Fundamental Transaction,
whether that consideration be in the form of cash, stock or any combination thereof, or whether the holders of Common Stock are given
the choice to receive from among alternative forms of consideration in connection with the Fundamental Transaction; provided,
further, that if holders of Common Stock of the Company are not offered or paid any consideration in such Fundamental Transaction,
such holders of Common Stock will be deemed to have received shares of common stock of the Successor Entity (which Successor Entity may
be the Company following such Fundamental Transaction) in such Fundamental Transaction. Black Scholes Value means
the value of this Warrant based on the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model obtained from the OV function on Bloomberg determined
as of the day of consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction for pricing purposes and reflecting (A) a risk-free interest
rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable
contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date, (B) an expected volatility equal to the greater of (1) the 30 day volatility,
(2) the 100 day volatility or (3) the 365 day volatility, each of clauses (1)-(3) as obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg (determined
utilizing a 365 day annualization factor) as of the Trading Day immediately following the public announcement of the applicable contemplated
Fundamental Transaction, (C) the underlying price per share used in such calculation shall be the greater of (i) the sum of the price
per share being offered in cash, if any, plus the value of any non-cash consideration, if any, being offered in such Fundamental Transaction
and (ii) the VWAP immediately preceding the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction (or the consummation
of the applicable Fundamental Transaction, if earlier), (D) the sum of the remaining option time equal to the time between the date of
the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date and (E) a zero cost of borrow.
The payment of the Black Scholes Value will be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds (or such other consideration) within
the later of (i) five Business Days of the Holders election and (ii) the date of consummation of the Fundamental Transaction.
The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor
Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant in accordance with the provisions of
this Section 3(d) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the holders of Warrants representing
at least a majority of the shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrants then outstanding without giving effect to any beneficial ownership
limitations (the Required Holders) and approved by the Required Holders (without unreasonable delay) prior to such
Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the
Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for
a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common
Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior
to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock
(but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such
shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic
value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in
form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall be added to the
term Company under this Warrant (so that from and after the occurrence or consummation of such Fundamental Transaction,
each and every provision of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead
to each of the Company and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally), and the Successor Entity or Successor
Entities, jointly and severally with the Company, may exercise every right and power of the Company prior thereto and the Successor Entity
or Successor Entities shall assume all of the obligations of the Company prior thereto under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents
with the same effect as if the Company and such Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally, had been named as the
Company herein. For the avoidance of doubt, the Holder shall be entitled to the benefits of the provisions of this Section 3(d)
regardless of (i) whether the Company has sufficient authorized shares of Common Stock for the issuance of Warrant Shares and/or (ii)
whether a Fundamental Transaction occurs prior to the Initial Exercise Date.

11 

(e)Calculations. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a
share, as the case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding
as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

(f)Notice to Holder.

(i)Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3,
the Company shall promptly deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting
adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

(ii)Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form
other than a stock split or stock dividend) on the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on
or a redemption of the Common Stock (excluding any granting or issuance of rights to all of the Companys stockholders pursuant
to a stockholder rights plan), (C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe
for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be
required in connection with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its
Subsidiaries) is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the
Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution,
liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by facsimile or email
to the Holder at its last facsimile number or email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least ten
(10) calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record
is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the
date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants
are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected
to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to
exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation,
merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery
thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided
in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company
shall simultaneously file such notice with the SEC pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise
this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except
as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

(g)Voluntary Adjustment By Company. Subject to the rules and regulations of the Trading Market, the Company may at any time
during the term of this Warrant reduce the then current Exercise Price to any amount and for any period of time deemed appropriate by
the Companys Board of Directors.

(h)Shareholder Approval. The Company shall file a proxy statement on Schedule 14A within ten (10) days of Closing and hold
a special meeting of shareholders (which may also be at the annual meeting of shareholders) at the earliest practical date after the date
following the filing thereof (and in no event later than 60 days after January 6, 2025) for the purpose of obtaining Stockholder Approval,
with the recommendation of the Companys Board of Directors that such proposal be approved, and the Company shall solicit proxies
from its stockholders in connection therewith in the same manner as all other management proposals in such proxy statement and all management-appointed
proxyholders shall vote their proxies in favor of such proposal. The Company shall provide written notice to the Holder of the anticipated
Shareholder Approval Date at least three (3) Trading Days prior to the date of the shareholder meeting at which the Shareholder Approval
is expected to be obtained. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to obtain such Stockholder Approval. If, despite the Companys
reasonable best efforts the Stockholder Approval is not obtained on or prior to the Stockholder Meeting Deadline, the Company shall cause
an additional Stockholder Meeting to be held on or prior to the ninetieth (90th) calendar day following the failure to obtain Stockholder
Approval. If, despite the Companys reasonable best efforts the Stockholder Approval is not obtained after such subsequent stockholder
meetings, the Company shall cause an additional Stockholder Meeting to be held every ninety days thereafter until (i) such Stockholder
Approval is obtained, or (ii) December 31, 2025, whichever is sooner.

12 

(i)Share Combination Event Adjustment. In addition to the adjustments set forth in Section 3(a) above, if at any
time and from time to time on or after the Issuance Date, there occurs any stock split, stock dividend, stock combination, or reverse
stock split, recapitalization, or other similar transaction involving the Common Stock (each, a Share Combination Event,
and such date thereof, the Share Combination Event Date) and the lowest VWAP during the period commencing five (5)
consecutive Trading Days immediately preceding and the five (5) consecutive Trading Days commencing on the Share Combination Event Date
(the Event Market Price) (provided if the Share Combination Event is effective after the close of trading
on the primary Trading Market, then commencing on the next Trading Day which period shall be the Share Combination Adjustment
Period) is less than the Exercise Price then in effect (after giving effect to the adjustment in Section 3(a) above),
then at the close of trading on the primary Trading Market on the last day of the Share Combination Adjustment Period, the Exercise Price
then in effect on such fifth (5th) Trading Day shall be reduced (but in no event increased) to the Event Market Price and the number of
Warrant Shares issuable hereunder shall be increased such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant on the Issuance Date for the
Warrant Shares then outstanding shall remain unchanged. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the adjustment to the Exercise Price in this Section
3(i) shall not reduce the Exercise Price below the Floor Price; provided further that notwithstanding the foregoing, if one or
more Share Combination Events occurred prior to the Shareholder Approval Date such that a reduction of the Exercise Price was limited
by clause (A) of the definition of the Floor Price, then effective on the Shareholder Approval Date, the Exercise Price will automatically
be reduced to equal the greater of (x) the lowest Event Market Price with respect to any Share Combination Event that occurred prior to
the Shareholder Approval Date, and (y) the Floor Price determined by reference to clause (B) of the definition of the Floor Price, and
in any such event the number of Warrant Shares issuable hereunder shall be increased such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant
on the Issuance Date for the Warrant Shares then outstanding shall remain unchanged. For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if the adjustment
in the immediately preceding sentence would otherwise result in an increase in the Exercise Price hereunder, no adjustment shall be made,
and if this Warrant is exercised, on any given Exercise Date during the Share Combination Adjustment Period, solely with respect to such
portion of this Warrant exercised on such applicable Exercise Date, such applicable Share Combination Adjustment Period shall be deemed
to have ended on, and included, the Trading Day immediately prior to such Exercise Date and the Event Market Price on such applicable
Exercise Date will be the lowest VWAP of the Common Stock immediately during such the Share Combination Adjustment Period prior to such
Exercise Date and ending on, and including the Trading Day immediately prior to such Exercise Date and (ii) all adjustments pursuant to
this Section 3(i) shall also be subject to Section 3(a) above, including any Event Market Price. Notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, the aggregate Exercise Price used in the determination of the increase in Warrant Shares above shall
be based on the aggregate Exercise Price on the Closing Date (reduced ratably for prior exercises), and shall not be based on an aggregate
Exercise Price resulting from a reduction in the Exercise Price without a proportionate increase in the number of Warrant Shares (i.e.,
pursuant to this Section 3(i) or otherwise).

(j)Reset. On the Reset Date, the Exercise Price shall be adjusted to equal the lowest of (i) the Exercise Price then in
effect, (ii) the Reset Price determined as of the date of determination, and (iii) the lowest VWAP during the period commencing five
(5) consecutive Trading Days immediately preceding the Reset Date. Upon such reset of the Exercise Price pursuant to this Section 3(j),
the number of Warrant Shares issuable hereunder shall be increased such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant on the Issuance
Date for the Warrant Shares then outstanding shall remain unchanged following such reset. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Holder requests
to exercise this Warrant in whole or in part on any given date prior to the Reset Date, solely with respect to such portion of this Warrant
being exercised on such applicable Exercise Date, (a) such applicable Reset Date shall be deemed to mean the Exercise Date, (b) such applicable
Reset Period shall be deemed to have ended on the Trading Day immediately prior to the Exercise Date and (c) the applicable Reset Price
for such exercised Warrants shall be calculated pursuant to this Section 3(j). For the avoidance of doubt, following the calculation of
the Reset Price pursuant to this Section 3(j), the Companys obligations with regard to such exercised Warrants shall be deemed
satisfied and no additional Reset Price shall apply to such exercised Warrants.

13 

Section 4.Transfer of Warrant.

(a)Transferability. Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws, this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including,
without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office
of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto as
Exhibit B duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the
making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants
in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment,
and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly
be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to
the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company
within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full.
The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without
having a new Warrant issued.

(b)New Warrants. If this Warrant is not held in global form through DTC (or any successor depositary), this Warrant may be
divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company, together with a written notice
specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject
to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination, the Company shall execute
and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance with such notice.
All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the Issuance Date of this Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant
except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

(c)Warrant Register. The Warrant Agent shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Warrant Agent for
that purpose (the Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem
and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution
to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

Section 5.Miscellaneous.

(a)Reverse Stock Split. If at any time this Warrant is outstanding and the Company receives notice from the Trading Market
that the Company is failing to satisfy the Trading Markets minimum bid price requirement (the Trigger Date),
then the Company shall take all necessary steps to obtain the necessary consents and approvals to undertake a reverse stock split after
such Trigger Date and shall, prior to the effectiveness of any delisting notice issued by the Trading Market, effect such reverse stock
split.

(b)No Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights,
dividends or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except
as expressly set forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise
pursuant to Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in
no event shall the Company be required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

14 

(c)Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares,
and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant,
shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the
Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant
or stock certificate.

(d)Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right
required or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding
Trading Day.

(e)Authorized Shares.

On or prior to
the Shareholder Approval Date, the Company shall effectuate a reverse stock split of its Common Stock such that it has a sufficient number
of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant (the Reverse
Stock Split).

The Company covenants
that, from the Initial Exercise Date and thereafter during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized
and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase
rights under this Warrant. The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers
who are charged with the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The
Company will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without
violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed.
The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant
will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be
duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect
of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except and to
the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its Certificate
of Incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or
any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all
times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate
to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment (it being understood that this Warrant shall not in any
case prevent the Company from effecting any such amendment, reorganization, transfer, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issuance or
sale). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the
amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary
or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of
this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory
body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before taking
any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise
Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public
regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

(f)Governing Law; Exclusive Jurisdiction. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation
of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement, and any action relating to this Warrant
shall only be brought as provided in the Purchase Agreement.

15 

(g)Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered,
and the Holder does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

(h)Nonwaiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder
shall operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies, notwithstanding the fact
that the right to exercise this Warrant terminates on the Termination Date. Without limiting any other provision of this Warrant, if the
Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in any material damages to the Holder,
the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including, but not limited to,
reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant
hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

(i)Notices. Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company
shall be delivered in accordance with the notice provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

(j)(j) Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this
Warrant to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability
of the Holder for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the
Company or by creditors of the Company.

(k)

(l)(k) Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages,
will be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate
compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to
assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

(m)Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby
shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted
assigns of the Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant
and shall be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

(n)Amendment and Waiver. Except as otherwise provided herein, the provisions of this Warrant may be amended and the Company
may take any action herein prohibited, or omit to perform any act herein required to be performed by it, only if the Company has obtained
the written consent of the Required Holders. Any such amendment shall apply to all Warrants outstanding and be binding upon all registered
holders of such Warrants.

(o)Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and
valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision
shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining
provisions of this Warrant.

(p)Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be
deemed a part of this Warrant.

(q)Warrant Agency Agreement. If this Warrant is held in global form through DTC (or any successor depositary), this Warrant
is issued subject to the Warrant Agency Agreement. To the extent any provision of this Warrant conflicts with the express provisions of
the Warrant Agency Agreement, this Warrant shall control; provided, however, that the express terms of the Warrant Agency Agreement shall
control and supersede any provision in this Warrant concerning the rights, duties, obligations, protections, immunities and liability
of the Warrant Agent.

(r)

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

16 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

ACLARION, INC.

By: _____________________________

Name:

Title:

[Signature page to Series B Common Stock Purchase
Warrant]

17 

EXHIBIT A

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

TO: ACLARION, INC.

(1) The undersigned hereby
elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised in full), and
tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment shall take the
form of (check applicable box):

in lawful money of the United States; or

if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection
2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure
set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3) Please issue said Warrant
Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following
DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

[SIGNATURE OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity:

________________________________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity:

_________________________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory:

___________________________________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory:

____________________________________________________________________

Date:

___________________________________________________________________________

18 

EXHIBIT B

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this
form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and
all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: ______________________________________

(Please Print)

Address: ______________________________________

Phone Number:

Email Address:

(Please Print)

______________________________________

______________________________________

Dated: _______________ __, ______

Holders Signature: ___________________

Holders Address: ____________________

19
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>acon_ex0403.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF PRE-FUNDED WARRANT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.3

PRE-FUNDED COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

ACLARION, INC.

Warrant Shares: [*] Initial Issuance Date: January [__], 2025

THIS PRE-FUNDED COMMON STOCK
PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, CEDE & CO.
or its assigns (the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions
hereinafter set forth at any time on or after the date hereof (such date, the Initial Exercise Date) until the date
this Warrant is exercised in full (the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Aclarion,
Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), up to ______ shares (the Warrant Shares) of common
stock, par value $ 0.00001 per share, of the Company (Common Stock), subject to adjustment hereunder. The purchase
price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b). This Warrant
shall initially be issued and maintained in the form of a security held in book-entry form and the Depository Trust Company or its nominee
(DTC) shall initially be the sole registered holder of this Warrant, subject to a Holders right to elect to receive
a Warrant in certificated form pursuant to the terms of the Warrant Agency Agreement, in which case this sentence shall not apply.

Section 1. Definitions.
In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant, the following terms have the meanings indicated in this Section 1.

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Alternate
Consideration shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(d).

Attribution
Parties shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(e).

Beneficial Ownership
Limitation shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(e).

Bid
Price means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (i) if the Common Stock
is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m.
(New York, New York time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York, New York time)), (ii) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted
average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (iii) if the Common Stock
is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market
(or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common
Stock so reported, or (iv) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser
selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company,
the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Bloomberg
means Bloomberg L.P., or any successor thereto.

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday, or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed.

Buy-In
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(d)(iv).

Common
Stock shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

1 

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant, or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Company
shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Distribution
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(c).

DWAC
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(d)(i).

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exercise
Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(a).

Fundamental
Transaction shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(d).

Holder
shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Initial Exercise
Date shall mean January [__], 2025.

Notice of Exercise
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(a).

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof), or other entity of any kind.

Purchase
Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.

Purchase
Rights shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(b).

Registration
Statement means the Companys registration statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-283724).

SEC
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Standard Settlement
Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(d)(i).

2 

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed
or acquired after the date hereof.

Successor
Entity shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(d).

Termination Date
shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Trading
Day means a day on which the Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: The Nasdaq Capital Market, The Nasdaq Global Market, The Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange, or the
NYSE American, (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transfer
Agent means VStock Transfer, LLC, , the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 18 Lafayette Place,
Woodmere, New York 11598 and an email address of Young@VstockTransfer.com, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (i) if the Common Stock is then listed or
quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m.
(New York, New York time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York, New York time)), (ii) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted
average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (iii) if the Common Stock
is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market
(or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common
Stock so reported, or (iv) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser
selected in good faith by the holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company,
the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Warrants
means this Warrant and other Pre-Funded Common Stock purchase warrants issued by the Company pursuant to the Registration Statement.

Warrant
Agency Agreement means that certain warrant agency agreement, dated on or about the Issuance Date, between the Company and
the Warrant Agent.

Warrant
Agent means VStock Transfer, LLC.

Warrant
Register shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(c).

Warrant Share Delivery
Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(d)(i).

Warrant Shares
shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

3 

Section 2. Exercise.

a)Exercise
of Warrant. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in
whole or in part, at any time or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the
Company of a duly executed facsimile copy or PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise substantially
in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Notice of Exercise). Within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii)
the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise
as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the number of Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice
of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in
Section 2(c) below is applicable and specified in the attached Notice of Exercise. The Company shall have no obligation to inquire with
respect to or otherwise confirm the authenticity of the signature(s) contained on any Notice of Exercise nor the authority of the person
so executing such Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other
type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder
shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available
hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation
within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this
Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering
the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased.
The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company
shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Trading Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee,
by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a
portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than
the amount stated on the face hereof.

b)Exercise
Price. The aggregate exercise price of this Warrant, except for a nominal exercise price of $ 0.00001
per Warrant Share, was pre-funded to the Company on or prior to the Initial Exercise Date and, consequently, no additional consideration
(other than the nominal exercise price of $0.0001 per Warrant Share) shall be required to be paid by the Holder to any Person to effect
any exercise of this Warrant. The Holder shall not be entitled to the return or refund of all, or any portion, of such pre-paid aggregate
exercise price under any circumstance or for any reason whatsoever, including in the event this Warrant shall not have been exercised
prior to the Termination Date. The remaining unpaid exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $0.0001, subject
to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise Price).

c)Cashless
Exercise. This Warrant may be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which
the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = as applicable: (i) the VWAP
on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) both executed
and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section
2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b)(68) of Regulation
NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date
of the applicable Notice of Exercise or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of
Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of
regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

(B) = the Exercise Price of this Warrant,
as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the number of Warrant Shares
that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a
cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

If Warrant Shares
are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act,
the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised. The Company agrees not to take any position
contrary to this Section 2(c).

4 

d) Mechanics
of Exercise.

i. Delivery of
Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer Agent
by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit
or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such system and either (A) there
is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder
or (B) this Warrant is being exercised via cashless exercise, and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys
share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to
such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earliest of (i) one (1) Trading
Day after the delivery of the Notice of Exercise to the Company, (ii) one (1) Trading Day after delivery of the aggregate Exercise Price
to the Company, and (iii) the number of days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice
of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date) provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other
than in the instance of a cashless exercise) is received by the Company by such date. Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder
shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant
has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price
(other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received by the Warrant Share Delivery Date. If the Company fails for any reason to
deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, provided that payment of
the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the instance of a cashless exercise) is received by the Company by such date, the Company
shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise
(based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading
Day on the fifth Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until
such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant
in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period
means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect
to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any
Notice(s) of Exercise delivered on or prior to 12:00 p.m. (New York, NY time) on the Initial Exercise Date, which may be delivered at
any time after the time of execution of the Purchase Agreement, the Company agrees to deliver the Warrant Shares subject to such notice(s)
by 4:00 p.m. (New York, NY time) on the Initial Exercise Date and the Initial Exercise Date shall be the Warrant Share Delivery Date for
purposes hereunder, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received
by such Warrant Share Delivery Date.

ii. Delivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and
upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing
the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects
be identical with this Warrant.

iii. Rescission
Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i)
by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

5 

iv. Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if
the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section
2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, (other than a failure caused by incorrect or incomplete
information provided by the Holder to the Company), and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open
market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction
of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In),
then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including
brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number
of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price
at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the
portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall
be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely
complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase
price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of Warrants with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such
purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder
$1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and,
upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other
remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive
relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant
to the terms hereof.

v. No Fractional
Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant. As
to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall, at its election,
either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Exercise Price or
round up to the next whole share.

vi. Charges,
Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental
expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant
Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however,
that in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for
exercise shall be accompanied by the assignment form attached hereto as Exhibit B duly executed by the Holder and the Company may
require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company
shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company
(or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii. Closing
of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant,
pursuant to the terms hereof.

6 

e)Holders
Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise
any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise
as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons acting
as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)), would
beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number
of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares
of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number
of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially
owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted
portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation
on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution
Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in
accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder
that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the
Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained
in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder
together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion
of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant
is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which
portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation
to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination and shall have no liability for exercises of the Warrant that are not in compliance
with the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, except to the extent the Holder relies on a number of outstanding shares of Common Stock that
was provided by the Company. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance
with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and the Company shall have no obligation
to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination and shall have no liability for exercises of the Warrant that are not in compliance
with the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, except to the extent the Holder relies on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock that
was provided by the Company. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder
may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report
filed with the SEC, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the
Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written request of a Holder, the
Company shall within one (1) Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding.
In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of
securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such
number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% (or, upon
election by a Holder prior to the issuance of any Warrants, 9.99%) of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after
giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon written notice to the
Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance
of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply.
Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the sixty-first (61st) day after such notice is delivered
to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with
the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended
Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such
limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant. If the Warrant is unexercisable
as a result of the Holders Beneficial Ownership Limitation, no alternate consideration is owing to the Holder.

7 

Section 3. Certain
Adjustments.

a) Stock
Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes
a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of
Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this
Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse
stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the Common
Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the
numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event
and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of
shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant
shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date
for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the
effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

b) Subsequent
Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time while this Warrant is outstanding
the Company grants, issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro
rata to all of the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will
be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired
if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations
on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is
taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders
of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however,
that to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership
of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held
in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation).

c) Pro Rata
Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution
of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including,
without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification,
corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after
the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent
that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise
of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation)
immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the
record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however,
that to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership
of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance
for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation). To the extent that this Warrant has not been partially or completely exercised at the time of such Distribution, such portion
of the Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until the Holder has exercised this Warrant.

8 

d) Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions
effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company, directly or indirectly, effects any
sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series
of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another
Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities,
cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of greater than 50% of the outstanding Common Stock or greater than 50% of the voting
power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification,
reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively
converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property (other than a stock split or stock dividend), or (v) the Company, directly
or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including,
without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement (other than a stock split or stock dividend))
with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires greater than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common
Stock or greater than 50% of the voting power of the common equity of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction),
then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have
been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without
regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor
or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate
Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for
which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e)
on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted
to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock
in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable
manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given
any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same
choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. The Company
shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity)
to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(d)
pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable
delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant
a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which
is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the
shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this
Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of
capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the
value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting
the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory
in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall be added to the
term Company under this Warrant (so that from and after the occurrence or consummation of such Fundamental Transaction,
the provisions of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead to each
of the Company and the Successor Entity, or Successor Entities, jointly and severally), and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities,
jointly and severally with the Company, may exercise every right and power of the Company prior thereto and the Successor Entity or Successor
Entities shall assume all of the obligations of the Company prior thereto under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents with
the same effect as if the Company and such Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally, had been named as the Company
herein. For the avoidance of doubt, the Holder shall be entitled to the benefits of the provisions of this Section 3(d) regardless
of (i) whether the Company has sufficient authorized shares of Common Stock for the issuance of Warrant Shares and/or (ii) whether a Fundamental
Transaction occurs prior to the Initial Exercise Date.

9 

e) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be.
For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall
be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

f) Notice
to Holder.

(i) Adjustment
to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly
deliver to the Holder by facsimile or email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment
to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment; provided, however, that the
Company may satisfy this notice requirement in this Section 3(f) by filing such notice with the SEC pursuant to a Current Report
on Form 8-K, Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or Annual Report on Form 10-K.

(ii) Notice to
Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form other than a stock
split or stock dividend) on the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of
the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for
or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights (excluding any granting or issuance of rights to all of the Companys
shareholders pursuant to a shareholder rights plan), (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection
with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company is a party, any sale or transfer of all
or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities,
cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs
of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by facsimile or email to the Holder at its last facsimile
number or email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least twenty (20) calendar days prior to the applicable
record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such
dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common
Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on
which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the
date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock
for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange;
provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the
corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains,
material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with
the SEC pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing
on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

g) Voluntary
Adjustment by Company. Subject to the rules and regulations of the Trading Market, the Company may at any time during the term of
this Warrant reduce the then current Exercise Price to any amount and for any period of time deemed appropriate by the Board of Directors.

10 

Section 4. Transfer
of Warrant.

a) Transferability. Subject
to compliance with any applicable securities laws, this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration
rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated
agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its
agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if
required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable,
and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing
the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full,
in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers
an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised
by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b) New Warrants. If this
Warrant is not held in global form through DTC (or any successor depositary), this Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants
upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations
in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a),
as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants
in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or
exchanges shall be dated the Initial Exercise Date of this Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of
Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c) Warrant Register.
The Warrant Agent shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Warrant Agent for that purpose (the Warrant
Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder
of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other
purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

Section 5. Miscellaneous.

a) No Rights
as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or
other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly
set forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise
pursuant to Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in
no event shall the Company be required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

b) Loss, Theft,
Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to
it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case
of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include
the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make
and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

c) Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted
herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Trading Day.

11 

d) Authorized
Shares. The Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued
Common Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights
under this Warrant. The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who
are charged with the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company
will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation
of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company
covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon
exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized,
validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue
thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except and to the
extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its Certificate
of Incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or
any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all
times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate
to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment (it being understood that this Warrant shall not in any
case prevent the Company from effecting any such amendment, reorganization, transfer, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issuance or
sale). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the
amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary
or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of
this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory
body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before taking any
action, which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price,
the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory
body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e) Governing
Law; Exclusive Jurisdiction. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall
be determined in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement, and any action relating to this Warrant shall only be brought
as provided in the Purchase Agreement.

f) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and the Holder does not
utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g) Nonwaiver
and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as
a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies, notwithstanding the fact that the right to
exercise this Warrant terminates on the Termination Date. Without limiting any other provision of this Warrant, if the Company willfully
and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall
pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys
fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing
any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h) Notices.
Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall be delivered in
accordance with the notice provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

12 

i) Limitation
of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase
price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the
Company.

j) Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific
performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss
incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any
action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k) Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder.
The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable
by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l) Amendment
and Waiver. This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company, on the
one hand, and the Holder or the beneficial owner of this Warrant, on the other hand.

m) Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

n) Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

o)Warrant
Agency Agreement. If this Warrant is held in global form through DTC (or any successor depositary), this Warrant is issued subject
to the Warrant Agency Agreement. To the extent any provision of this Warrant conflicts with the express provisions of the Warrant Agency
Agreement, this Warrant shall control; provided, however, that the express terms of the Warrant Agency Agreement shall control and supersede
any provision in this Warrant concerning the rights, duties, obligations, protections, immunities and liability of the Warrant Agent.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

13 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

ACLARION, INC.

By: _____________________________

Name:

Title:

[Signature page to Pre-funded Common Stock Purchase
Warrant]

14 

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

TO: ACLARION, INC.

(1) The undersigned hereby
elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised in full), and
tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment shall take the
form of (check applicable box):

in lawful money of the United States; or

if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection
2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure
set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3) Please issue said Warrant
Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following
DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

[SIGNATURE OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity:

________________________________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing
Entity:

_________________________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory:

___________________________________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory:

____________________________________________________________________

Date:

___________________________________________________________________________

15 

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this
form and supply required information. Do not use this form to exercise the Warrant to purchase shares.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and
all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: ______________________________________

(Please Print)

Address: ______________________________________

(Please Print)

Phone Number: ______________________________________

Email Address: ______________________________________

Dated: _______________ __, ______

Holders Signature: ___________________

Holders Address: ____________________

16
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>acon_ex1001.htm
<DESCRIPTION>UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 15, 2025, BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND DAWSON JAMES SECURITIES, INC.
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT

January 15, 2025

DAWSON JAMES SECURITIES, INC.

101 N. Federal Highway Suite 600

Boca Raton, FL 33432

As Representative of the several Underwriters

named on Schedule 1 attached hereto

Ladies and Gentlemen:

The undersigned, Aclarion,
Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), hereby confirms its agreement (this Agreement) with
Dawson James Securities Inc. (the Representative) and with the other underwriters, if any, named on Schedule 1
hereto for which the Representative is acting as representative (the Representative and such other underwriters being collectively called
the Underwriters or, individually, an Underwriter) as follows: 

1.Purchase and Sale of Shares and Warrants.

(a)Firm Shares and Firm Warrants.

(i)Nature and Purchase of Firm Shares and Firm Warrants.

(A)On the basis of the representations and warranties herein contained, but subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth,
the Company agrees to issue and sell to the Underwriters an aggregate of 144,000,000 units (each a Unit, and collectively,
the Units), each comprised of one share (the Firm Shares) of Company common stock, par value
$0.00001 per share (the Common Shares), (ii) one Series A warrant to purchase one Common Share at an exercise price
of $0.20 per share (the "Series A Firm Warrants"), and (iii) one Series B warrant to purchase one Common Share at an
exercise price of $0.20 per share (the "Series B Firm Warrants" and together with the Series A Firm Warrants, the Firm
Warrants). To the extent that the purchase of Firm Shares would cause the beneficial ownership of a purchaser in the Offering,
together with its affiliates and certain related parties, to exceed 4.99% or 9.99% of the Common Shares, the Company agrees to issue the
Underwriters, for delivery to such purchasers, at the election of the purchasers, a number of Pre-Funded Warrants (individually Pre-Funded
Warrant; collectively, the Pre-Funded Warrants), which are initially convertible on a 1-for-1 basis into
Common Shares, at an exercise price of $0.00001 per Common Share in lieu of the Firm Shares. The Firm Shares, the Pre-Funded Warrants,
and the Pre-Funded Warrants are hereafter collectively referred to as the Firm Securities.

(B)The Underwriters, severally and not jointly, agree to purchase from the Company the number of Units set forth opposite their respective
names on Schedule 1 attached hereto and made a part hereof. The combined purchase price for one Unit shall be $0.093 (93% of the
public offering price per Unit of $0.10) which shall be allocated as $0.091 per Firm Shares (the Firm Share Purchase Price)
and $0.001 per Firm Warrant (the Warrant Purchase Price); provided that the combined purchase price for a Unit containing
a Pre-Funded Warrant in lieu of a Common Share shall be $.0929907 (93% of the public offering price per Unit of $0.09999). The Units are
to be offered initially to the public at the offering price set forth on the cover page of the Prospectus (as defined in Section 2(a)(B)
hereof) (the Purchase Price). No Units will be issued; the Firm Shares and the Firm Warrants will be separately issued
at Closing.

(ii)Securities Payment and Delivery.

(A)Delivery and payment for the Units shall be made no later than 2:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on the first (1st) Business Day following
the effective date (the Effective Date) of the Registration Statement (as defined in Section 2(a)(i)(A) below) (or
the second (2nd) Business Day following the Effective Date if the Registration Statement is declared effective after 4:01 p.m., Eastern
Time) or at such other time as shall be agreed upon by the Representative and the Company, at the offices of ArentFox Schiff LLP, 1717
K Street NW, Washington DC 20006 (Representatives Counsel), or at such other place (or by electronic transmission)
as shall be agreed upon by the Representative and the Company. The hour and date of delivery and payment for the Units is called the Closing Date.

1 

(B)Payment for the Units shall be made on the Closing Date by wire transfer in federal (same day) funds, payable to the order of the
Company upon delivery of the certificates (in form and substance satisfactory to the Underwriters) (or through the facilities of the Depository
Trust Company (DTC)), for the account of the Underwriters. The Firm Shares and Firm Warrants underlying the Units
shall be registered in such name or names and in such authorized denominations as the Representative may request in writing prior to the
Closing Date. The Company shall not be obligated to sell or deliver the Firm Shares and Firm Warrants underlying the Units except upon
tender of payment by the Representative for all of the Units or via delivery versus payment for the Units. The term Business
Day means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a legal holiday or a day on which banking institutions are authorized
or obligated by law to close in New York, New York.

(b)Over-Allotment Option.

(i)Option Securities. For the purposes of covering any over-allotments in connection with the distribution and sale of the
Units, the Company hereby grants to the Representative an option (the Over-Allotment Option) to purchase, in the
aggregate, up to an additional 21,000,000 shares of Common Stock (and/or Pre-Funded Warrants), and an additional 21,000,000 Series A Warrants,
and an additional 21,000,000 Series B Warrants (together, such additional shares of Common Stock (and/or Pre-Funded Warrants), and an
additional Series A Warrants and additional Series B Warrants are sometimes referred to as the "Option Securities").
The Common Shares included in the Option Securities are hereinafter referred to as the Option Shares and together
with the Firm Shares, the Shares. The Pre-Funded Warrants included in the Option Securities are hereinafter referred
to as the Option Pre-Funded Warrants and together with the Firm Pre-Funded Warrants, the Pre-Funded Warrants.
The Series A Warrants included in the Option Securities are hereinafter referred to as the Option Series A Warrants
and together wth the Firm Series A Warrants as the Series A Warrants. The Series B Warrants included in the Option
Units are hereinafter referred to as the Option Series B Warrants and together wth the Firm Series B Warrants as
the Series B Warrants. The Series A Warrants and Series B Warrants included within the Option Securities are hereinafter
collectively referred to as the Option Warrants and together with the Firm Warrants and the Pre-Funded Warrants,
the Warrants. The Representative may purchase Option Shares, Option Pre-Funded Warrants and/or Option Series A Warrants
and/or Option Series B Warrants, and any combination thereof pursuant to this Over-Allotment Option. The Over-Alottment Option may be
exercised in whole or in part, on one or more occasions as to any or all of the Option Securities. Upon any Over-Allotment Option exercise,
the Company agrees to issue and sell to the Underwriters Option Shares at a price $0.09114 per Option Share, Option Pre-Funded Warrants
will be sold to the Underwriters at price per warrant of $0.0911307, Option Series A Warrants at a price per warrant of $.001, and Option
Series B Warrants at a price per warrant of $.001. To the extent that the purchase of Option Shares would cause the beneficial ownership
of a purchaser in the Offering, together with its affiliates and certain related parties, to exceed 4.99% or 9.99% of the Common Shares,
the Company agrees to issue the Underwriters, for delivery to such purchasers, at the election of the purchasers, a number of Pre-Funded
Warrants in lieu of the Option Shares. The Public Securities shall be issued directly by the Company and shall have the rights
and privileges described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus referred to below. The offering
and sale of the Public Securities is hereinafter referred to as the Offering.

(ii)Exercise of Over-Allotment Option. The Over-Allotment Option granted pursuant to Section 1(b)(i) hereof may be exercised
by the Representative as to all (at any time) or any part (from time to time) of any or all of the Option Securities (and any combination
thereof) within 45 days after the Closing Date. An Underwriter shall not be under any obligation to purchase any Option Securities prior
to the exercise of the Over-Allotment Option by the Representative. The Over-Allotment Option granted hereby may be exercised by the giving
of oral notice to the Company from the Representative, which must be confirmed in writing by overnight mail or by email or other electronic
transmission setting forth the number of Option Shares and/or Option Warrants to be purchased and the date and time for delivery of and
payment for the Option Shares and/or Option Warrants, as the case may be (each, an Option Closing Date), which shall
not be earlier than one (1) Business Day nor later than five (5) full Business Days after the date of the written notice or such other
time as shall be agreed upon by the Company and the Representative, at the offices of the Representatives Counsel, or at such other
place (including remotely by electronic transmission) as shall be agreed upon by the Company and the Representative. If such delivery
and payment for the Option Shares and/or Option Warrants does not occur on the Closing Date, each Option Closing Date will be as set forth
in the notice. Upon exercise of the Over-Allotment Option, the Company will become obligated to convey to the Representative, and, subject
to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Representative will become obligated to purchase, the number of Option Shares and/or
Option Warrants specified in such notice.

2 

(iii)Payment and Delivery. Payment for the Option Shares and/or Option Warrants shall be made on the Option Closing Date by wire
transfer in federal (same day) funds, payable to the order of the Company upon delivery to the Representative of certificates (in form
and substance satisfactory to the Representative) representing the Option Shares and/or Option Warrants (or through the facilities of
the DTC or Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian transfer) for the account of the Representative. The Option Shares and/or Option Warrants shall
be registered in such name or names and in such authorized denominations as the Representative may request in writing prior to the Option
Closing Date. The Company shall not be obligated to sell or deliver the Option Shares and/or Option Warrants except upon tender of payment
by the Representative for the applicable Option Shares and/or Option Warrants.

2.Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to the Underwriters as of the Applicable
Time (as defined below) and as of the Closing Date, or any Option Closing Date, as follows:

(a)Registration Matters.

(i)Pursuant to the Securities Act.

(A)The Company has filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) a registration statement,
and amendments thereto, on Form S-1 (File No. 333-283724), including any related prospectus or prospectuses (the Prospectus),
for the registration of the Public Securities, the Representatives Securities and the Underlying Common Stock (as defined below)
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), which registration statement and amendment or
amendments have been prepared by the Company in conformity in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the
rules and regulations of the Commission under the Securities Act (the Securities Act Regulations) and will contain
all material statements that are required to be stated therein in accordance with the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations.
Except as the context may otherwise require, such registration statement, as amended, on file with the Commission at the time the registration
statement became effective (including the Preliminary Prospectus included in the registration statement, financial statements, schedules,
exhibits and all other documents filed as a part thereof and all information deemed to be a part thereof as of the Effective Date pursuant
to paragraph (b) of Rule 430A of the Securities Act Regulations (the Rule 430A Information)), is referred to
herein as the Registration Statement. If the Company files any registration statement pursuant to Rule 462(b) of
the Securities Act Regulations, then after such filing, the term Registration Statement shall include such registration
statement filed pursuant to Rule 462(b). The Registration Statement has been declared effective by the Commission on the date hereof.

(B)Each prospectus used prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, and each prospectus that omitted the Rule 430A Information
that was used after such effectiveness and prior to the execution and delivery of this Agreement, is herein called a Preliminary
Prospectus. The Preliminary Prospectus, subject to completion, dated January 10, 2025, that was included in the Registration
Statement immediately prior to the Applicable Time is hereinafter called the Pricing Prospectus. The final prospectus
in the form first furnished to the Underwriters for use in the Offering is hereinafter called the Prospectus. Any
reference to the most recent Preliminary Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to the latest Preliminary Prospectus included
in the Registration Statement.

(C)The term Pricing Disclosure Package means (i) the Preliminary Prospectus, as most recently amended or supplemented
immediately prior to the Applicable Time (as defined herein), and (ii) the information included on Schedule 2 of this Agreement.

(D)Applicable Time means 4:30 p.m., Eastern Time, on the date of this Agreement.

3 

(ii)Pursuant to the Exchange Act. The Company has filed with the Commission a Form 8-A providing for the registration pursuant
to Section 12(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), of the Common Shares and
Warrants. The registration of the Common Shares and Warrants under the Exchange Act will be effective on or prior to the date hereof.
The Company has taken no action designed to, or likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common Shares or Warrants
under the Exchange Act, nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating such registration.

(b)Stock Exchange Listing. The Common Shares have been approved for listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market (the Exchange),
and the Company has taken no action designed to, or likely to have the effect of, delisting the Common Shares from the Exchange, nor has
the Company received any notification that the Exchange is contemplating terminating such listing.

(c)No Stop Orders, etc. Neither the Commission nor, to the Companys knowledge, any state regulatory authority has issued
any order preventing or suspending the use of the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or has instituted
or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened to institute, any proceedings with respect to such an order. The Company has complied
with each request (if any) from the Commission for additional information.

(d)Organization; Good Standing; No Subsidiaries. The Company has been duly incorporated and is validly existing as entities
in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, with power and authority to own, lease and operate its respective properties
and conduct its respective businesses as described in the Preliminary Prospectus, and has been duly qualified as foreign corporation for
the transaction of business and is in good standing under the laws of each other jurisdiction in which it owns or leases properties or
conducts any business so as to require such qualification, except where the failure so to qualify or be in good standing would not have
a Material Adverse Change (as defined in Section 2(f)(i)). The Company is not in violation or default of any of the provisions of its
certificate of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents. The Company does not have any direct or indirect subsidiaries.

(e)Disclosures in Registration Statement.

(i)Compliance with Securities Act and 10b-5 Representation.

(A)Each of the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, at the time it became effective, complied in all material
respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations. Each Preliminary Prospectus, including the prospectus
filed as part of the Registration Statement as originally filed or as part of any amendment or supplement thereto, and the Prospectus,
at the time each was filed with the Commission, complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the
Securities Act Regulations. Each Preliminary Prospectus delivered to the Underwriters for use in connection with this Offering and the
Prospectus was or will be identical to the electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except
to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

(B)Neither the Registration Statement nor any amendment thereto, at its respective effective time, contained, contains or will contain
an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted, omits or will omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
to make the statements therein not misleading; provided, however, that this representation and warranty shall not apply to the Underwriters
Information (as defined below).

(C)The Pricing Disclosure Package, as of the Applicable Time, at the Closing Date or at any Option Closing Date, did not and does
not, and will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided, however, that this representation and
warranty shall not apply to statements made or statements omitted in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished
to the Company with respect to the Underwriters by the Representative expressly for use in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary
Prospectus or the Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto. The parties acknowledge and agree that such information provided
by or on behalf of any Underwriter consists solely of the following disclosure contained in the following paragraphs in the Underwriting
section of the Prospectus: (i) the names of the several underwriters, and (ii) the information under the subsections Discounts
and Commissions; Expenses; Discretionary Accounts, Price Stabilization, Short Positions and Penalty Bids;
and Electronic Distribution (the Underwriters Information); and

4 

(D)Neither the Prospectus nor any amendment or supplement thereto (including any prospectus wrapper), as of its issue date, at the
time of any filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b), or at the Closing Date, included, includes or will include an untrue statement
of a material fact or omitted, omits or will omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light
of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided, however, that this representation and warranty shall not apply
to the Underwriters Information.

(ii)Disclosure of Agreements. The agreements and documents described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus conform in all material respects to the descriptions thereof contained therein and there are no agreements or other
documents required by the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations to be described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing
Disclosure Package and the Prospectus or to be filed with the Commission as exhibits to the Registration Statement, that have not been
so described or filed. Each agreement or other instrument (however characterized or described) to which the Company is a party or by which
it is or may be bound or affected and (i) that is referred to in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus, and (ii) is material to the Companys business, has been duly authorized and validly executed by the Company, is
in full force and effect in all material respects and is enforceable against the Company and, to the Companys knowledge, the other
parties thereto, in accordance with its terms, except (w) for such agreements or instruments for enforceability of which would not
reasonably be expected to result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Change, (x) as such enforceability may
be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, (y) as enforceability
of any indemnification or contribution provision may be limited under the federal and state securities laws, and (z) that the remedy
of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion
of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus, none of such agreements or instruments has been assigned by the Company, and neither the Company nor, to the
Companys knowledge, any other party is in material default thereunder and, to the Companys knowledge, no event has occurred
that, with the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute a material default thereunder, except as disclosed in
the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, or which would not reasonably be expected to result, individually
or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Change. To the Companys best knowledge, performance by the Company of the material provisions
of such agreements or instruments will not result in a violation of any existing applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or
decree of any governmental agency or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its assets or businesses
(each, a Governmental Entity), including, without limitation, those relating to environmental laws and regulations,
except such violations which would not reasonably be expected to result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Change.

(iii)Prior Securities Transactions. Since the beginning of the last two full fiscal years, no securities of the Company have
been sold by the Company or by or on behalf of, or for the benefit of, any person or persons controlling, controlled by or under common
control with the Company, except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Preliminary Prospectus.

(iv)Regulations. The disclosures in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus concerning
the effects of federal, state, local and foreign laws, rules and regulations relating to the Companys business as currently contemplated
are correct in all material respects and no other such regulations are required to be disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing
Disclosure Package and the Prospectus which are not so disclosed.

(f)Changes After Dates in Registration Statement.

(i)No Material Adverse Change. Since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the
Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, except as otherwise specifically stated therein: (i) there has been no material adverse
change in the financial position or results of operations of the Company, nor, to the Companys knowledge, any change or development
that, singularly or in the aggregate, would involve a material adverse change in or affecting the condition (financial or otherwise),
results of operations, business or assets of the Company, taken as a whole (a Material Adverse Change); (ii) there
have been no material transactions entered into by the Company, other than as contemplated pursuant to this Agreement; and (iii) no
officer or director of the Company has resigned from any position with the Company.

5 

(ii)Recent Securities Transactions, etc. Subsequent to the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, and except as may otherwise be indicated or contemplated herein or disclosed
in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company has not: (i) issued any securities
(other than (i) grants under any stock compensation plan and (ii) Common Shares issued upon exercise or conversion of option, warrants
or convertible securities described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus) or incurred any
liability or obligation, direct or contingent, for borrowed money; or (ii) declared or paid any dividend or made any other distribution
on or in respect to its capital stock.

(g)Independent Accountants. To the knowledge of the Company, each of Haynie & Company
and CohnReznick LLP, during such time as it was engaged by the Company (the Auditors), has been and is an
independent registered public accounting firm as required by the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations and the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board. During such time period in which the Auditors served as the Companys independent registered public
accounting firm, the Auditors did not or have not, during the periods covered by the financial statements included in the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, provided to the Company any non-audit services, as such term is used in
Section 10A(g) of the Exchange Act.

(h)Financial Statements, etc. The financial statements, including the notes thereto and supporting schedules included in the
Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, fairly present in all material respects the financial position
and the results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods to which they apply; and such financial statements have
been prepared in conformity with United States generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), consistently applied
throughout the periods involved (provided that unaudited interim financial statements are subject to year-end audit adjustments that are
not expected to be material in the aggregate and do not contain all footnotes required by GAAP); and the supporting schedules included
in the Registration Statement present fairly in all material respects the information required to be stated therein. Except as included
therein, no historical or pro forma financial statements are required to be included in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure
Package or the Prospectus under the Securities Act or the Securities Act Regulations. The pro forma and pro forma as adjusted financial
information and the related notes, if any, included in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus have
been properly compiled and prepared in all material respects in accordance with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act and
the Securities Act Regulations and present fairly in all material respects the information shown therein, and the assumptions used in
the preparation thereof are reasonable and the adjustments used therein are appropriate to give effect to the transactions and circumstances
referred to therein. All disclosures contained in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus regarding
non-GAAP financial measures (as such term is defined by the rules and regulations of the Commission), if any, comply with
Regulation G of the Exchange Act and Item 10 of Regulation S-K of the Securities Act, to the extent applicable. Each of the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus discloses all material off-balance sheet transactions, arrangements, obligations
(including contingent obligations), and other relationships of the Company with unconsolidated entities or other persons that may have
a material current or future effect on the Companys financial condition, changes in financial condition, results of operations,
liquidity, capital expenditures, capital resources, or significant components of revenues or expenses. Except as disclosed in the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, (a) the Company has not incurred any material liabilities or obligations,
direct or contingent, or entered into any material transactions other than in the ordinary course of business, (b) the Company has not
declared or paid any dividends or made any distribution of any kind with respect to its capital stock, (c) there has not been any change
in the capital stock of the Company (other than (i) grants under any stock compensation plan and (ii) Common Shares issued upon exercise
or conversion of option, warrants or convertible securities described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and
the Prospectus), and (d) there has not been any Material Adverse Change in the Companys long-term or short-term debt.

(i)Authorized Capital; Options, etc. The Company had, at the date or dates indicated in the Registration Statement, the Pricing
Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the duly authorized, issued and outstanding capitalization as set forth therein. Based on the assumptions
stated in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company will have on the Closing Date the
adjusted stock capitalization set forth therein. Except as set forth in, or contemplated by, the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus, on the Effective Date, as of the Applicable Time, and on the Closing Date, there will be no stock options,
warrants, or other rights to purchase or otherwise acquire any authorized, but unissued Common Shares or any security convertible or exercisable
into Common Shares, or any contracts or commitments to issue or sell Common Shares or any such options, warrants, rights or convertible
securities.

6 

(j) Valid Issuance of Securities,
etc.

(i)Outstanding Securities. All issued and outstanding securities of the Company issued prior to the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable; the holders thereof have no rights
of rescission with respect thereto, and are not subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders; and none of such securities
were issued in violation of the preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted
by the Company. The offers and sales of the outstanding Common Shares were at all relevant times either registered under the Securities
Act and the applicable state securities or blue sky laws or, based in part on the representations and warranties of the
purchasers of such shares, exempt from such registration requirements. The authorized Common Shares and other outstanding securities conform
in all material respects to all statements relating thereto contained in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and
the Prospectus.

(ii)Securities Sold Pursuant to this Agreement. The Public Securities and the Representatives Securities have been duly
authorized for issuance and sale and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, will be validly issued,
fully paid and non-assessable; the holders thereof are not and will not be subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders;
the Public Securities and Representatives Securities are not and will not be subject to the preemptive rights of any holders of
any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the Company; and all corporate action required to be taken for the
authorization, issuance and sale of the Public Securities and Representatives Securities has been duly and validly taken. The Public
Securities and Representatives Securities conform in all material respects to all statements with respect thereto contained in
the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. Following the effective date of the Reverse Stock Split
and subject to the Companys receipt of Shareholder Approval, the Common Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants (the Underlying
Common Stock) will be duly authorized and reserved for issuance by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Company
and when paid for and issued in accordance with such Warrants, or exercised on a cashless basis as set forth in such Warrants, if applicable,
as the case may be, such shares of Underlying Common Stock will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

(k)Registration Rights of Third Parties. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus, no holders of any securities of the Company or any rights exercisable for or convertible or exchangeable into securities
of the Company have the right to require the Company to register any such securities of the Company under the Securities Act or to include
any such securities in a registration statement to be filed by the Company.

(l)Validity and Binding Effect of Agreements. This Agreement and the Warrant Agency Agreement by and between the Company and
VStock Transfer, LLC (the Warrant Agency Agreement) have been duly and validly authorized by the Company and, when
executed and delivered, will constitute, the valid and binding agreements of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance
with their respective terms, except: (i) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, fraudulent conveyance,
fraudulent transfer, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally; (ii) as enforceability of any indemnification
or contribution provision may be limited under the federal and state securities laws; and (iii) that the remedy of specific performance
and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before
which any proceeding therefor may be brought.

(m)No Conflicts, etc. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement, the Warrant Agency Agreement
and all ancillary documents, the consummation by the Company of the transactions herein and therein contemplated and the compliance by
the Company with the terms hereof and thereof do not and will not, with or without the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both:
(i) result in a material breach of, or conflict with any of the terms and provisions of, or constitute a material default under, or result
in the creation, modification, termination or imposition of any material lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the
Company pursuant to the terms of any agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party; (ii) result in any violation of the
provisions of the Companys certificate of incorporation (as the same may be amended or restated from time to time, the Charter)
or the by-laws of the Company (as the same may be amended or restated from time to time, the Bylaws); or (iii) violate
any existing law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree of any Governmental Entity applicable to the Company as of the date hereof
(including, without limitation, those promulgated by the Food and Drug Administration of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services
(the FDA) or by any foreign, federal, state or local regulatory authority performing functions similar to those performed
by the FDA), except in the case of clauses (i) and (iii) above for any such breaches, conflicts or violations which would not reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.

7 

(n)Regulatory. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus or as would
not reasonably be expected to result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Change: (i) the Company has not received
any FDA Form 483, written notice of adverse finding, warning letter or other correspondence or written notice from the FDA or any other
Governmental Entity alleging or asserting noncompliance with any Applicable Laws (as defined in clause (ii) below) or Authorizations (as
defined in clause (iii) below); (ii) the Company is and has been in material compliance with statutes, laws, ordinances, rules and regulations
applicable to the Company, including, without limitation, all statutes, laws, ordinances, rules and regulations for the ownership, testing,
development, manufacture, packaging, processing, use, distribution, marketing, labeling, promotion, sale, offer for sale, storage, import,
export or disposal of any product manufactured or distributed by the Company, including, without limitation, the Federal Food, Drug, and
Cosmetic Act, 21 U.S.C. 301, et seq., similar laws of other Governmental Entities and the regulations promulgated pursuant to such
laws (collectively, Applicable Laws); (iii) the Company possesses all licenses, certificates, approvals, clearances,
consents, authorizations, qualifications, registrations, permits, and supplements or amendments thereto required by any such Applicable
Laws and/or to carry on its businesses as now conducted (Authorizations) and such Authorizations are valid and in
full force and effect and the Company is not in violation of any term of any such Authorizations; (iv) the Company has not received
written notice of any claim, action, suit, proceeding, hearing, enforcement, investigation, arbitration or other action from any Governmental
Entity or third party alleging that any product, operation or activity is in violation of any Applicable Laws or Authorizations or has
any knowledge that any such Governmental Entity or third party is considering any such claim, litigation, arbitration, action, suit, investigation
or proceeding, nor, to the Companys knowledge, has there been any material noncompliance with or violation of any Applicable Laws
by the Company that could reasonably be expected to require the issuance of any such communication or result in an investigation, corrective
action, or enforcement action by the FDA or any other Governmental Entity; (v) the Company has not received written notice that any Governmental
Entity has taken, is taking or intends to take action to limit, suspend, modify or revoke any Authorizations or has any knowledge that
any such Governmental Entity has threatened or is considering such action; (vi) the Company has filed, obtained, maintained or submitted
all reports, documents, forms, notices, applications, records, claims, submissions and supplements or amendments as required by any Applicable
Laws or Authorizations and that all such reports, documents, forms, notices, applications, records, claims, submissions and supplements
or amendments were, in all material respects, complete, correct and not misleading on the date filed (or were corrected or supplemented
by a subsequent submission); and (vii) the Company has not, either voluntarily or involuntarily, initiated, conducted or issued, or caused
to be initiated, conducted or issued, any recall, market withdrawal or replacement, safety alert, post-sale warning, dear doctor
letter, or other notice or action relating to the alleged lack of safety or efficacy of any product or any alleged product defect or violation
and, to the Companys knowledge, no third party has initiated, conducted or intends to initiate or conduct such notice or action.
Neither the Company nor, to the Company's knowledge, any of its directors, officers, employees or agents (in their capacities as such)
has been convicted of any crime under any Applicable Laws or has been the subject of an FDA debarment proceeding. The Company has not
been or is now subject to FDA's Application Integrity Policy. To the Company's knowledge, neither the Company, nor any of its directors,
officers, employees or agents (in their capacities as such), has made, or caused the making of, any false statements on, or material omissions
from, any other records or documentation prepared or maintained to comply with the requirements of the FDA or any other Governmental Entity.
Neither the Company nor, to the Company's knowledge, any of its directors, officers, employees or agents (in their capacities as such),
have with respect to each of the following statutes, or regulations promulgated thereto, as applicable, : (i) engaged in activities under
42 U.S.C. 1320a-7b or 1395nn; (ii) knowingly engaged in any activities under 42 U.S.C. 1320a-7b or the Federal False
Claims Act, 31 U.S.C. 3729; or (iii) knowingly and willfully engaged in any activities under 42 U.S.C. 1320a-7b, which are
prohibited, cause for civil penalties, or mandatory or permissive exclusion from Medicare, Medicaid, or any other State Health Care Program
or Federal Health Care Program.

(o)No Defaults; Violations. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus,
no default exists in the due performance and observance of any term, covenant or condition of any material license, contract, indenture,
mortgage, deed of trust, note, loan or credit agreement, or any other agreement or instrument evidencing an obligation for borrowed money,
or any other material agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party or by which the Company may be bound or to which any of
the properties or assets of the Company is subject, except as would not reasonably be expected to result, individually or in the aggregate,
in a Material Adverse Change. The Company is not (i) in violation of any term or provision of its Charter or Bylaws, or (ii) except as
would not reasonably be expected to result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Change, in violation of any franchise,
license, permit, applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment or decree of any Governmental Entity applicable to the Company.

8 

(p)Corporate Power; Licenses; Consents.

(i)Conduct of Business. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus,
the Company has all requisite corporate power and authority, and has all necessary authorizations, approvals, orders, licenses, certificates
and permits of and from all governmental regulatory officials and bodies that it needs as of the date hereof to conduct its business purpose
as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, except where such failure to have such
necessary authorizations, approvals, orders, licenses, certificates and permits would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Change.

(ii)Transactions Contemplated Herein. The Company has all corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to
carry out the provisions and conditions hereof, and all consents, authorizations, approvals and orders required in connection therewith
have been obtained. No consent, authorization or order of, and no filing with, any court, government agency or other body is required
for the valid issuance, sale and delivery of the Public Securities and the consummation of the transactions and agreements contemplated
by this Agreement and as contemplated by the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, except with respect
to applicable federal and state securities laws, the rules and regulations of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA),
the rules and regulations of the Exchange, including such approval as may be required by the applicable rules and regulations of the Exchange
(or any successor entity) from the shareholders of the Company with respect to (i) reduction to the applicable floor price in the Warrants
inapplicable, (ii) adjustment terms in the Warrants, (iii) issuance of all of the Underlying Common Stock (as defined below) upon the
exercise the Warrants in accordance with their terms (including adjustment provisions set forth therein), and (iv) to consent to any adjustment
to the exercise price or number of shares of Underlying Common Stock the issuable under the Warrants in the event of a Share Combination
Event, Dilutive Issuance and Reset Date (as defined in the Warrants) (Shareholder Approval), and except with respect
to such consent, authorization, order or filing that would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change.

(q)Litigation; Governmental Proceedings. There is no material action, suit, proceeding, inquiry, arbitration, investigation,
litigation or governmental proceeding pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened against, or involving the Company or, to
the Companys knowledge, any executive officer or director which has not been disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing
Disclosure Package, the Prospectus or in connection with the Companys listing application for the additional listing of the Shares
on the Exchange and which is required to be disclosed, in each case individually or in the aggregate.

(r)Good Standing. The Company has been duly organized and is validly existing as a corporation and is in good standing under
the laws of the State of Delaware as of the date hereof, and is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing in each other jurisdiction
in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of business requires such qualification, except where the failure to qualify,
singularly or in the aggregate, would not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.

(s)Insurance. The Company carries or is entitled to the benefits of insurance, with, to the Companys knowledge, reputable
insurers, and in such amounts and covering such risks which the Company believes are reasonably adequate, and all such insurance is in
full force and effect. The Company has no reason to believe that it will not be able (i) to renew its existing insurance coverage as and
when such policies expire or (ii) to obtain comparable coverage from similar institutions as may be necessary or appropriate to conduct
its business as now conducted and at a cost that would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.

(t)Transactions Affecting Disclosure to FINRA.

(i)Finders Fees. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus,
there are no claims, payments, arrangements, agreements or understandings relating to the payment of a finders, consulting or origination
fee by the Company or any executive officer or director of the Company (each, an, Insider) with respect to the sale
of the Public Securities hereunder or any other arrangements, agreements or understandings of the Company or, to the Companys knowledge,
any of its stockholders that may affect the Underwriters compensation, as determined by FINRA.

9 

(ii)Payments Within 180 Days. The Company has not made any direct or indirect payments (in cash, securities or otherwise) to:
(i) any U.S. person, as a finders fee, consulting fee or otherwise, in consideration of such person raising capital for the
Company or introducing to the Company persons who raised or provided capital to the Company; (ii) any FINRA member; or (iii) any
person or entity that has any direct or indirect affiliation or association with any FINRA member, within the 180 days prior to the date
of the initial filing of the Registration Statement, other than the payment to the Underwriters as provided hereunder in connection with
the Offering.

(iii)Use of Proceeds. None of the net proceeds of the Offering will be paid by the Company to any participating FINRA member
or its affiliates, except as specifically authorized herein.

(iv)FINRA Affiliation. There is no (i) officer or director of the Company, (ii) to the Companys knowledge, beneficial
owner of 5% or more of any class of the Company's securities or (iii) to the Companys knowledge, beneficial owner of the Company's
unregistered equity securities which were acquired during the 180-day period immediately preceding the filing of the Registration Statement
that, in each such case, is an affiliate or associated person of a FINRA member participating in the Offering (as determined in accordance
with the rules and regulations of FINRA).

(v)Information. To the Companys knowledge, all information provided by the Companys officers and directors in
their FINRA Questionnaires to Representatives Counsel specifically for use by Representatives Counsel in connection with
its Public Offering System filings (and related disclosure) with FINRA is true, correct and complete in all material respects.

(u)Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Neither the Company nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, agent,
employee or affiliate of the Company (acting in such capacity) or any other person acting on behalf of the Company (acting in such capacity),
has, directly or indirectly, given or agreed to give any money, gift or similar benefit (other than legal price concessions to customers
in the ordinary course of business) to any customer, supplier, employee or agent of a customer or supplier, or official or employee of
any governmental agency or instrumentality of any government (domestic or foreign) or any political party or candidate for office (domestic
or foreign) or other person who was, is, or may be in a position to help or hinder the business of the Company (or assist it in connection
with any actual or proposed transaction) that (i) might subject the Company to any damage or penalty in any civil, criminal or governmental
litigation or proceeding, (ii) if not given in the past, might reasonably been expected to have had a Material Adverse Change or
(iii) if not continued in the future, might adversely affect the assets, business, operations or prospects of the Company. The Company
has taken reasonable steps to ensure that its accounting controls and procedures are sufficient to cause the Company to comply in all
material respects with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

(v)Compliance with OFAC. Neither the Company nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, agent, employee
or affiliate of the Company (acting in such capacity) or any other person acting on behalf of the Company (acting in such capacity), is
currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury (OFAC).

(w)Money Laundering Laws. The operations of the Company are and have been conducted at all times in compliance in all material
respects with applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of
1970, as amended, the money laundering statutes of all applicable jurisdictions, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related
or similar rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any Governmental Entity (collectively, the Money
Laundering Laws); and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any Governmental Entity involving the Company with respect
to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened.

(x)Officers Certificate. Any certificate signed by any duly authorized officer of the Company in connection with the
Offering and delivered to the Representative or to Representatives Counsel shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the
Company to the Underwriters as to the matters covered thereby.

10 

(y)Related Party Transactions. There are no business relationships or related party transactions involving the Company or any
other person required to be described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus that have not been
described as required.

(z)Sarbanes-Oxley Compliance.

(i)Disclosure Controls. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus,
the Company has developed and currently maintains disclosure controls and procedures that will comply with Rule 13a-15 or 15d-15 under
the Exchange Act Regulations applicable to it, and, except as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus, such controls and procedures are as of the date hereof effective to ensure that all material information concerning
the Company will be made known on a timely basis to the individuals responsible for the preparation of the Companys Exchange Act
filings and other public disclosure documents.

(ii)Compliance. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company
is in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act applicable to it, and has implemented or will implement such programs and
has taken or will take reasonable steps to ensure the Companys future compliance (not later than the relevant statutory and regulatory
deadlines therefor) with all of the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, except where the failure to be in compliance would not have
or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.

(aa)Accounting Controls. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus,
the Company maintains systems of internal control over financial reporting (as defined under Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under
the Exchange Act Regulations) that comply in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act and have been designed by,
or under the supervision of, its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with GAAP, including, but not limited to, internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that (i)
transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations; (ii) transactions are recorded
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability; (iii) access
to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; and (iv) the recorded accountability
for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences.
Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company has no knowledge of
any material weaknesses in its internal controls. The Auditors and the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company have been
advised of: (i) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses, if any, in the design or operation of internal controls over financial
reporting which are known to the Companys management and that have adversely affected or are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the Company ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (ii) any fraud, if any, known to the Companys
management, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Companys internal
controls over financial reporting.

(bb)No Investment Company Status. The Company is not and, after giving effect to the Offering and the application of the proceeds
thereof as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, will not be, required to register
as an investment company, as defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(cc)No Labor Disputes. No labor dispute with the employees of the Company exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent.

11 

(dd)Intellectual Property Rights. To the Companys knowledge, the Company has, or can acquire on reasonable terms, ownership
of and/or license to, or otherwise has the right to use, all inventions, know-how (including trade secrets and other unpatented and/or
unpatentable proprietary or confidential information, systems or procedures), patents and patent rights trademarks, service marks and
trade names and copyrights (collectively Intellectual Property) material to carrying on its businesses as described
in the Pricing Prospectus. The Company has not received any written notice relating to any Intellectual Property, including written notice
of: (A) infringement or misappropriation of, or conflict with, any Intellectual Property of a third party; (B) asserted rights of others
with respect to any Intellectual Property of the Company; or (C) assertions that any Intellectual Property of the Company is invalid or
otherwise inadequate to protect the interest of the Company, that in each case (if the subject of any unfavorable decision, ruling or
finding), individually or in the aggregate, would have or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change. To the Companys
knowledge, there are no third parties who have been able to establish any material rights to any Intellectual Property, except for the
retained rights of the owners or licensors of any Intellectual Property that is licensed to the Company. There is no pending or, to the
Companys knowledge, threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others: (A) challenging the validity, enforceability or scope
of any Intellectual Property of the Company in any material respect or (B) challenging the Companys rights in or to any Intellectual
Property in any material respect or (C) that the Company materially infringes, misappropriates or otherwise violates or conflicts with
any Intellectual Property or other proprietary rights of others. The Company has complied in all material respects with the terms of each
agreement described in the Registration Statement, Pricing Disclosure Package or Prospectus pursuant to which any Intellectual Property
is licensed to the Company, except for such noncompliance as did not have a Material Adverse Change, and all such agreements related to
products currently made or sold by the Company, or to product candidates currently under development, are in full force and effect. All
patents issued in the name of, or assigned to, or licensed to the Company, and all patent applications made by or on behalf of the Company
(collectively, the Company Patents) have been duly and properly filed, except for such failures to file as would
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. The Company has no knowledge of any material information that was required
to be disclosed to the United States Patent and Trademark Office (the PTO) but that was not disclosed to the PTO
with respect to any issued Company Patent, or that is required to be disclosed and has not yet been disclosed in any pending application
in the Company Patents and that would preclude the grant of a patent on such application. To the Companys knowledge, the Company
is the sole owner or exclusive licensee of the Company Patents.

(ee)Taxes. The Company has filed all returns (as hereinafter defined) required to be filed with taxing authorities prior to
the date hereof or has duly obtained extensions of time for the filing thereof. The Company has paid all taxes (as hereinafter defined)
shown as due on such returns that were filed and has paid all taxes imposed on or assessed against the Company, except (i) such taxes
the Company is challenging in good faith and (ii) for such exceptions as would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate,
to have a Material Adverse Change. The provisions for taxes payable, if any, shown on the financial statements filed with or as part of
the Registration Statement are sufficient for all material accrued and unpaid taxes, whether or not disputed, and for all periods to and
including the dates of such consolidated financial statements. Except as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Change, (i) no issues have been raised (and are currently pending) by any taxing authority in connection with any of the returns or taxes
asserted as due from the Company, and (ii) no waivers of statutes of limitation with respect to the returns or collection of taxes have
been given by or requested from the Company. The term taxes mean all federal, state, local, foreign and other net
income, gross income, gross receipts, sales, use, ad valorem, transfer, franchise, profits, license, lease, service, service use, withholding,
payroll, employment, excise, severance, stamp, occupation, premium, property, windfall profits, customs, duties or other taxes, fees,
assessments or charges of any kind whatever, together with any interest and any penalties, additions to tax or additional amounts with
respect thereto. The term returns means all returns, declarations, reports, statements and other documents required
to be filed in respect to taxes.

(ff)Employee Benefit Laws. The operations of the Company are and have, in the last three (3) years, been conducted at all times
in material compliance with the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, the rules and regulations thereunder and
any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any governmental agency (collectively, the
Employee Benefit Laws) and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority
or body or any arbitrator involving the Company with respect to the Employee Benefit Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company,
threatened.

12 

(gg)Compliance with Laws. The Company in the last three (3) years: (A) to its knowledge is and at all times has been in compliance
with all Applicable Laws, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change;
(B) has not received any written correspondence from any Governmental Entity alleging or asserting noncompliance with any Applicable Laws
or any Authorizations; (C) possesses all material Authorizations and such Authorizations are valid and in full force and effect and
the Company is not in material violation of any term of any such Authorizations, in each case except as would not, individually or in
the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change; (D) has not received written notice of any claim, action, suit,
proceeding, hearing, enforcement, investigation, arbitration or other action from any Governmental Entity or third party alleging that
any product operation or activity is in violation of any Applicable Laws or Authorizations and has no knowledge that any such Governmental
Entity or third party is considering any such claim, litigation, arbitration, action, suit, investigation or proceeding; (E) has not received
written notice that any Governmental Entity has taken, is taking or intends to take action to limit, suspend, modify or revoke any Authorizations;
and (F) has filed, obtained, maintained or submitted all material reports, documents, forms, notices, applications, records, claims, submissions
and supplements or amendments as required by any Applicable Laws or Authorizations and that all such reports, documents, forms, notices,
applications, records, claims, submissions and supplements or amendments were complete and correct in all material respects on the date
filed (or were corrected or supplemented by a subsequent submission).

(hh)Ineligible Issuer. At the time of filing the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, at the time
of effectiveness of the Registration Statement and any amendment thereto, at the earliest time thereafter that the Company or another
offering participant made a bona fide offer (within the meaning of Rule 164(h)(2) of the Securities Act Regulations) of the Public Securities
and at the date hereof, the Company was not and is not an ineligible issuer, as defined in Rule 405, without taking account
of any determination by the Commission pursuant to Rule 405 that it is not necessary that the Company be considered an ineligible issuer.

(ii)Industry Data. The statistical and market-related data included in each of the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus are based on or derived from sources that the Company reasonably and in good faith believes are reliable and
accurate or represent the Companys good faith estimates that are made on the basis of data derived from such sources.

(jj)Forward-Looking Statements. No forward-looking statement (within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section
21E of the Exchange Act) contained in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus has been made or reaffirmed
without a reasonable basis or has been disclosed other than in good faith.

(kk)Website. To the knowledge of the Company, none of the information on (or hyperlinked from) the Companys website at
www.aclarion.com includes or constitutes a free writing prospectus as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

(ll)Emerging Growth Company. From the time of the initial submission of the Registration Statement to the Commission (or, if
earlier, the first date on which the Company engaged directly in or through any Person authorized to act on its behalf in any Testing-the
Waters Communication) through the date hereof, the Company has been and is an emerging growth company, as defined in Section
2(a) of the Securities Act (an Emerging Growth Company).

(mm)Testing-the-Waters Communications. The Company has not (i) alone engaged in any Testing-the-Waters Communications, and (ii)
authorized anyone other than the Representative to engage in Testing-the-Waters Communications. The Company confirms that the Representative
has been authorized to act on its behalf in undertaking Testing-the-Waters Communications. The Company has not distributed any Written
Testing-the-Waters Communications. Testing-the-Waters Communication means any oral or written communication with
potential investors undertaken in reliance on Section 5(d) of the Securities Act. Written Testing-the-Waters Communication
means any Testing-the-Waters Communication that is a written communication within the meaning of Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

13 

(nn)Margin Securities. The Company owns no margin securities as that term is defined in Regulation U of the Board
of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve Board), and none of the proceeds of Offering will
be used, directly or indirectly, for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any margin security, for the purpose of reducing or retiring
any indebtedness which was originally incurred to purchase or carry any margin security or for any other purpose which might cause any
of the Common Shares to be considered a purpose credit within the meanings of Regulation T, U or X of the Federal Reserve
Board.

(oo)Integration. Neither the Company, nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf has, directly
or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause
the Offering to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of the Securities Act that would require the registration
of any such securities issued in such prior offerings under the Securities Act.

(pp)Confidentiality and Non-Competition. To the Companys knowledge, no director, officer, key employee or consultant
of the Company is subject to any confidentiality, non-disclosure, non-competition agreement or non-solicitation agreement with any employer
(other than the Company) or prior employer that could reasonably be expected to materially affect his ability to be and act in his respective
capacity of the Company or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.

(qq)Smaller Reporting Company. The Company is a smaller reporting company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act Regulations.

(rr)Reverse Stock Split. The Company's board and stockholders have approved a proposal to effectuate a reverse stock split of
its Common Shares within a range of one-for-five (1-for-5) to a maximum of a one-for-four hundred (1-for-400) (the Reverse Stock
Split). The Company agrees to make the Reverse Stock Split effective no later than the Trading Day that Shareholder Approval
is received and deemed effective (the Shareholder Approval Date).

3.Covenants of the Company. The Company covenants and agrees as follows:

(a)Amendments to Registration Statement. The Company shall deliver to the Representative, prior to filing, any amendment or
supplement to the Registration Statement or Prospectus proposed to be filed after the Effective Date and not file any such amendment or
supplement to which the Representative shall reasonably object in writing; provided however, that this Section 3(a) shall not be applicable
with respect to any supplements to the Registration Statement filed solely for the purpose of supplementing the Registration Statement
or Prospectus with a report filed with the Commission by the Company pursuant to the Exchange Act.

(b)Federal Securities Laws.

(i)Compliance. The Company shall comply with the requirements of Rule 430A of the Securities Act Regulations, and will notify
the Representative promptly, and confirm the notice in writing, (i) when any amendment or supplement to the Prospectus shall have
been filed; (ii) of the receipt of any comments from the Commission related to the Prospectus or Offering; (iii) of any request
by the Commission for any amendment or supplement to the Prospectus or for additional information; (iv) of the issuance by the Commission
of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment or of any order preventing
or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, or of the suspension of the qualification of the Public Securities
and Representatives Securities for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or of the initiation or, to the Companys knowledge,
threatening, of any proceedings for any of such purposes or of any examination pursuant to Section 8(d) or 8(e) of the Securities
Act concerning the Registration Statement; and (v) if the Company becomes the subject of a proceeding under Section 8A of the
Securities Act in connection with the Offering of the Public Securities and Representatives Securities. The Company shall effect
all filings required under Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act Regulations, in the manner and within the time period required by Rule 424(b)
(without reliance on Rule 424(b)(8)), and shall take such steps as it deems necessary to ascertain promptly whether the form of prospectus
transmitted for filing under Rule 424(b) was received for filing by the Commission and, in the event that it was not, it will promptly
file such prospectus. The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order, prevention
or suspension and, if any such order is issued, to obtain the lifting thereof at the earliest possible moment.

14 

(ii)Continued Compliance. The Company shall comply with the Securities Act, the Securities Act Regulations, the Exchange Act
and the Exchange Act Regulations so as to permit the completion of the distribution of the Public Securities as contemplated in this Agreement
and in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. If at any time when a prospectus relating to the
Public Securities is (or, but for the exception afforded by Rule 172 of the Securities Act Regulations (Rule 172),
would be) required by the Securities Act to be delivered in connection with sales of the Public Securities, any event shall occur or condition
shall exist as a result of which it is necessary, in the opinion of counsel for the Underwriters or for the Company, to (i) amend or supplement
the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus in order that the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, as the case may be, will
not include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein
not misleading in the light of the circumstances existing at the time it is delivered to a purchaser or (ii) amend the Registration Statement
or amend or supplement the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, as the case may be, in order to comply with the requirements
of the Securities Act or the Securities Act Regulations, the Company will promptly (A) give the Representative notice of such event; (B)
prepare any amendment or supplement as may be necessary to correct such statement or omission or to make the Registration Statement, the
Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus comply with such requirements and, a reasonable amount of time prior to any proposed filing
or use, furnish the Representative with copies of any such amendment or supplement and (C) file with the Commission any such amendment
or supplement; provided that the Company shall not file or use any such amendment or supplement to which the Representative or counsel
for the Representative shall reasonably object. The Company will furnish to the Underwriters such number of copies of such amendment or
supplement as the Underwriters may reasonably request. The Company has given the Representative notice of any filings made pursuant to
the Exchange Act or the Exchange Act Regulations within 48 hours prior to the Applicable Time. The Company shall give the Representative
notice of its intention to make any such filing from the Applicable Time until the later of the Closing Date and the exercise in full
or expiration of the Over-allotment Option specified in Section 1(b) hereof.

(iii)Exchange Act Registration. The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the registration of the
Common Shares and Warrants under the Exchange Act.

(c)Delivery to the Underwriters of Registration Statements. The Company has delivered or made available or shall deliver or
make available to the Representative and counsel for the Representative, without charge, signed copies of the Registration Statement as
originally filed and each amendment thereto (including exhibits filed therewith) and signed copies of all consents and certificates of
experts, and will also deliver to the Underwriters, without charge, a conformed copy of the Registration Statement as originally filed
and each amendment thereto (without exhibits) for each of the Underwriters. The copies of the Registration Statement and each amendment
thereto furnished to the Underwriters will be identical to the electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant
to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

(d)Delivery to the Underwriters of Prospectuses. The Company has delivered or made available or will deliver or make available
to each Underwriter, without charge, as many copies of each Preliminary Prospectus as such Underwriter reasonably requested, and the Company
hereby consents to the use of such copies for purposes permitted by the Securities Act. The Company will furnish to each Underwriter,
without charge, during the period when a prospectus relating to the Public Securities is (or, but for the exception afforded by Rule 172,
would be) required to be delivered under the Securities Act, such number of copies of the Prospectus (as amended or supplemented) as such
Underwriter may reasonably request. The Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto furnished to the Underwriters will be identical
to the electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation
S-T.

(e)Events Requiring Notice to the Representative. During the period when a prospectus relating to the Public Securities is
(or, but for the exception afforded by Rule 172, would be) required by the Securities Act to be delivered in connection with sales of
the Public Securities, the Company shall notify the Representative immediately and confirm the notice in writing: (i) of the issuance
by the Commission of any stop order or of the initiation, or to the Companys knowledge, the threatening, of any proceeding for
that purpose; (ii) of the issuance by any state securities commission of any proceedings for the suspension of the qualification
of the Public Securities for offering or sale in any jurisdiction or of the initiation, or to the Companys knowledge, the threatening,
of any proceeding for that purpose; (iii) of the delivery to the Commission for filing of any amendment or supplement to the Prospectus;
(iv) of the receipt of any comments or request for any additional information from the Commission related to the Prospectus; and
(v) of the happening of any event during the period described in this Section 3(e) that, in the judgment of the Company, makes any
statement of a material fact made in the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus untrue or that requires the making of any changes
in in the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading. If the Commission or any state securities commission shall enter a stop order or suspend such qualification
at any time, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain promptly the lifting of such order.

15 

(f)Listing of Shares; Shareholder Approval. The Company hereby agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the
listing or quotation of the Firm Securities and the Underlying Common Stock on the Exchange, and concurrently with the Closing, the Company
shall apply to list or quote all of the Firm Shares and Underlying Common Stock on the Exchange and promptly secure the listing of all
of the Firm Shares and Underlying Common Stock on the Exchange. The Company further agrees, if the Company applies to have the shares
of Common Stock traded on any other Trading Market, it will then include in such application all of the Firm Shares and Underlying Common
Stock, and will take such other action as is necessary to cause all of the Firm Shares and Underlying Common Stock to be listed or quoted
on such other Trading Market as promptly as possible. The Company will then take all action reasonably necessary to continue the listing
and trading of its Common Shares on a Trading Market and will comply in all material respects with the Companys reporting, filing
and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Trading Market. The Company agrees to maintain the eligibility of the Common Shares
for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation, including, without limitation,
by timely payment of fees to the Depository Trust Company or such other established clearing corporation in connection with such electronic
transfer. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 3(f) shall not apply in the event that the Company consummates: (i) any transaction
or series of related transactions as a result of which any Person (together with its Affiliates) acquires then outstanding securities
of the Company representing more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting control of the Company; (ii) a merger or reorganization of the
Company with one or more other entities in which the Company is not the surviving entity; or (iii) a sale of all or substantially all
of the assets of the Company. In addition, the Company shall file a proxy statement on Schedule 14A within ten (10) days of Closing and
hold a special meeting of shareholders (which may also be at the annual meeting of shareholders) at the earliest practical date after
the date following the filing thereof (and in no event later than 60 days after January 6, 2025) (the Shareholder Meeting Deadline)
for the purpose of obtaining Shareholder Approval, with the recommendation of the Companys Board of Directors that such proposal
be approved, and the Company shall solicit proxies from its stockholders in connection therewith in the same manner as all other management
proposals in such proxy statement and all management-appointed proxyholders shall vote their proxies in favor of such proposal. The Company
shall provide written notice to the Representative of the anticipated Shareholder Approval Date at least three (3) Trading Days prior
to the date of the shareholder meeting at which the Shareholder Approval is expected to be obtained. The Company shall use its reasonable
best efforts to obtain such Shareholder Approval. If, despite the Companys reasonable best efforts the Shareholder Approval is
not obtained on or prior to the Shareholder Meeting Deadline, the Company shall cause an additional Shareholder Meeting to be held on
or prior to the ninetieth (90th) calendar day following the failure to obtain Shareholder Approval. If, despite the Companys reasonable
best efforts the Shareholder Approval is not obtained after such subsequent stockholder meetings, the Company shall cause an additional
Shareholder Meeting to be held every ninety days thereafter until (i) such Shareholder Approval is obtained, or (ii) December 31, 2025,
whichever is sooner.

(g)Transfer Agent; Warrant Agent. The Company shall maintain a transfer agent and registrar for the Common Shares and a Warrant
Agent for the Warrants.

(h)Payment of Expenses. The Company hereby agrees to pay on the Closing Date all expenses incident to the performance of the
obligations of the Company under this Agreement, including, but not limited to: (a) all filing fees and expenses relating to the registration
of the Public Securities with the Commission; (b) all FINRA Public Offering filing fees; (c) all fees and expenses relating to the listing
of the Public Securities on the Exchange; (d) all fees, expenses and disbursements, if any, relating to the registration or qualification
of the Public Securities under the blue sky securities laws of such states and other jurisdictions as the Underwriter may
reasonably designate (including, without limitation, all filing and registration fees, and the reasonable fees and disbursements of blue
sky counsel, which will be Representatives Counsel and with such fees and expenses of Representatives counsel to
be fixed at $25,000); (e) all fees, expenses and disbursements relating to the registration, qualification or exemption of the Public
Securities under the securities laws of such foreign jurisdictions as the Underwriter may reasonably designate; (f) the costs of all mailing
and printing of the Offering documents; (g) transfer and/or stamp taxes, if any, payable upon the transfer of Public Securities from the
Company to the Underwriters; (h) expenses related to lucite tombstones and mementos and road show expenses of $10,000; and
(i) diligence expenses and legal fees of Representatives counsel of $150,000. The Representative may deduct from the net proceeds
of the Offering payable to the Company on the Closing Date, the expenses set forth herein (less any amounts previously advanced against
such actual reimbursable expense) to be paid by the Company to the Underwriters, provided, however, that in the event that the
Offering is terminated, the Company agrees to reimburse the Underwriters pursuant to Section 8(c) hereof.

16 

(i)Application of Net Proceeds. The Company shall apply the net proceeds from the Offering received by it in a manner consistent
with the application thereof described under the caption Use of Proceeds in the Prospectus.

(j)Rule 158. The Company will timely file such reports pursuant to the Exchange Act as are necessary in order to make generally
available to its security holders as soon as practicable an earnings statement for the purposes of, and to provide to the Underwriters
the benefits contemplated by, Rule 158(a) under Section 11(a) of the Securities Act.

(k)Stabilization. Neither the Company nor, to its knowledge, any of its employees, directors or stockholders (without the consent
of the Representative) has taken or shall take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that has constituted or that might reasonably
be expected to cause or result in, under Regulation M of the Exchange Act, or otherwise, stabilization or manipulation of the price of
any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Public Securities.

(l)FINRA. For a period of 90 days from the later of the Closing Date or Option Closing Date, the Company shall advise the Representative
(who shall make an appropriate filing with FINRA) if it has knowledge that (i) any officer or director of the Company, (ii) any beneficial
owner of 5% or more of any class of the Company's securities or (iii) any beneficial owner of the Company's unregistered equity securities
which were acquired during the 180 days immediately preceding the filing of the Registration Statement, is or becomes an affiliate or
associated person of a FINRA member participating in the Offering (as determined in accordance with the rules and regulations of FINRA).

(m)No Fiduciary Duties. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Underwriters responsibility to the Company is solely
contractual in nature and that none of the Underwriters or their affiliates or any selling agent shall be deemed to be acting in a fiduciary
capacity, or otherwise owes any fiduciary duty to the Company or any of its affiliates in connection with the Offering and the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.

(n)OFAC. The Company will not, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of the Offering hereunder, or lend, contribute or otherwise
make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other person or entity, for the purpose of financing the activities
of any person currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by OFAC.

(o)Subsequent Equity Sales.

a. From the date hereof until forty-five (45) days after the Shareholder Approval Date, the Company shall
not (i) issue, enter into any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any Common Shares or Common Share equivalents,
or (ii) file any registration statement or amendment or supplement thereto, other than with respect to the Registration Statement or a
registration statement on Form S-8, except for the Securities issued pursuant hereto or otherwise in connection with the Offering.

17 

b. From the date hereof until ninety (90) days after the Shareholder Approval Date, the Company shall be
prohibited from effecting or entering into an agreement to effect any issuance by the Company of Common Shares or Common Share equivalents
(or a combination of units thereof) involving a Variable Rate Transaction. Variable Rate Transaction means a transaction
in which the Company (i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for,
or include the right to receive additional Common Shares either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate or other
price that is based upon and/or varies with the trading prices of or quotations for the Common Shares at any time after the initial issuance
of such debt or equity securities, or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future
date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security (other than in connection with a stock split or stock dividend or similar
event) or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market
for the Common Shares or (ii) enters into, or effects a transaction under, any agreement, including, but not limited to, an equity line
of credit, whereby the Company may issue securities at a future determined price regardless of whether shares pursuant to such agreement
have actually been issued and regardless of whether such agreement is subsequently canceled; provided, however, that commencing thirty
(30) days after the Shareholder Approval Date, the Companys issuance of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents pursuant to an
at-the-market facility with the Representative as sales agent shall not be deemed a Variable Rate Transaction. The Purchaser shall be
entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be in addition to any right
to collect damages.

c. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 3(o) shall not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance, except
that no Variable Rate Transaction shall be an Exempt Issuance. Exempt Issuance means the issuance of (i) Common Shares,
restricted stock units, or options, including the shares of Common Stock underlying the restricted stock units or options, to employees,
officers, directors, or consultants of the Company pursuant to any stock or option plan duly adopted for such purpose, by a majority of
the non-employee members of the Board of Directors or a majority of the members of a committee of non-employee directors established for
such purpose for services rendered to the Company, (ii) Common Shares issued upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any Warrants
issued hereunder and/or other securities exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into Common Shares issued and outstanding on the
date of this Agreement provided that such securities have not been amended since the date of this Agreement to increase the number of
such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange price, or conversion price of such securities (other than in connection with
stock splits or combinations or anti-dilution provisions contained therein as disclosed in the SEC Reports and the Prospectus) or to extend
the term of such securities or securities issuable in connection with a transaction involving the Company and existing stockholders in
which the Company offers the existing stockholders the option to exchange their shares of Common Stock for other securities of the Company,
(iii), securities issued pursuant to merger, acquisition, or strategic transactions approved by a majority of the disinterested directors
of the Company, provided that such securities are issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no
registration rights that require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith during the prohibition period
in Section 3(o)(b) herein, and provided, further that any such issuance shall only be to a Person that (or to the equity holders of a
Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company, or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the
business of the Company and in which the Company receives benefits in addition to any investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction
in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing
in securities, and (iv) securities for settlement of outstanding payables or liabilities provided that such securities are issued as restricted
securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that require or permit the filing of any registration statement
in connection therewith during the prohibition period in Section 3(o)(a) herein.

(p)Reverse Stock Split. Not later than the Shareholder Approval Date, the Reverse Stock Split shall be effective.

18 

4.Conditions of Underwriters Obligations. The obligations of the Underwriters to purchase and pay for the Public Securities,
as provided herein, shall be subject to (i) the continuing accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Company as of the date
hereof and as of each of the Closing Date, and any Option Closing Date; (ii) the accuracy of the statements of officers of the Company
made pursuant to the provisions hereof; (iii) the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder; and (iv) the following conditions:

(a)Regulatory Matters.

(i)Effectiveness of Registration Statement. The Registration Statement has become effective not later than 5:00 p.m., Eastern
Time, on the date of this Agreement or such later date and time as shall be consented to in writing by the Representative, and, at each
of the Closing Date and any Option Closing Date, no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any post-effective
amendment thereto shall have been issued under the Securities Act, no order preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus
or the Prospectus shall have been issued and no proceedings for any of those purposes have been instituted or are pending or, to the Companys
knowledge, contemplated by the Commission. The Company has complied with each request (if any) from the Commission for additional information.
The Prospectus containing the Rule 430A Information shall have been filed with the Commission in the manner and within the time frame
required by Rule 424(b) (without reliance on Rule 424(b)(8)) or a post-effective amendment providing such information shall have been
filed with, and declared effective by, the Commission in accordance with the requirements of Rule 430A.

(ii)FINRA Clearance. On or before the date of this Agreement, the Representative shall have received clearance from FINRA as
to the amount of compensation allowable or payable to the Underwriters as described in the Registration Statement.

(iii)Exchange Stock Market Clearance. On the Closing Date, the Shares shall have been approved for listing on the Exchange.

(b)Company Counsel Matters.

(i)Closing Date Opinion of Counsel. On the Closing Date, the Representative shall have received the favorable opinion and negative
assurance letter of Carroll Legal LLC, counsel to the Company, dated the
Closing Date and addressed to the Representative, substantially in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representative.

(ii)Option Closing Date Opinion of Counsel. On each Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative shall have received the
favorable opinion of Carroll Legal LLC, dated the Option Closing Date,
addressed to the Representative and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representative, confirming as of the Option Closing
Date, the statements made by such counsel in its respective opinions delivered on the Closing Date.

(iii)Reliance. In rendering such opinions, such counsel may rely: (i) as to matters involving the application of laws other than
the laws of the United States and jurisdictions in which they are admitted, to the extent such counsel deems proper and to the extent
specified in such opinion, if at all, upon an opinion or opinions (in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representative)
of other counsel reasonably acceptable to the Representative, familiar with the applicable laws; and (ii) as to matters of fact, to the
extent they deem proper, on certificates or other written statements of officers of the Company and officers of departments of various
jurisdictions having custody of documents respecting the corporate existence or good standing of the Company; provided, that copies of
any such statements or certificates shall be delivered to Representatives Counsel if requested.

(c)Comfort Letters.

(i)Comfort Letter. At the time this Agreement is executed, the Representative shall have received from Haynie
& Company a cold comfort letter containing statements and information of the type customarily included in accountants
comfort letters with respect to the financial statements and certain financial information contained in the Registration Statement, the
Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, addressed to the Representative and in form and substance satisfactory in all respects
to the Representative and to the Auditor, dated as of the date of this Agreement.

(ii)Bring-Down Comfort Letter. At each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative shall have
received from Haynie & Company a letter, dated as of the Closing Date or the Option Closing
Date, as applicable, to the effect that Haynie & Company reaffirms the statements made in the letter furnished pursuant to Section
4(c)(i), except that the specified date referred to shall be a date not more than three (3) Business Days prior to the Closing Date or
the Option Closing Date, as applicable.

19 

(d)Officers Certificates.

(i)Officers Certificate. The Company shall have furnished to the Representative a certificate, dated the Closing Date
and any Option Closing Date, as applicable, of its President and Chief Executive Officer and its Chief Financial Officer stating (on behalf
of the Company and not in an individual capacity) that (i) such officers have carefully examined the Registration Statement, the Pricing
Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus and, to their knowledge, the Registration Statement and each amendment thereto, as of the Applicable
Time and as of the Closing Date or Option Closing Date, as applicable, did not include any untrue statement of a material fact and did
not omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, and the Pricing
Disclosure Package, as of the Applicable Time and as of the Closing Date or Option Closing Date, as applicable, the Prospectus and each
amendment or supplement thereto, as of the respective date thereof and as of the Closing Date or Option Closing Date, as applicable, did
not include any untrue statement of a material fact and did not omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in the light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading, (ii) since the effective date of the Registration
Statement, no event has occurred which should have been set forth in a supplement or amendment to the Registration Statement, the Pricing
Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, (iii) to their knowledge after reasonable investigation, as of the Closing Date or Option Closing
Date, as applicable, the representations and warranties of the Company in this Agreement are true and correct in all material respects
(except for those representations and warranties qualified as to materiality, which shall be true and correct in all respects and except
for those representations and warranties which refer to facts existing at a specific date, which shall be true and correct as of such
date) and the Company has complied with all agreements and satisfied all conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied hereunder
at or prior to the Closing Date or Option Closing Date, as applicable, and (iv) there has not been, subsequent to the date of the most
recent audited financial statements included in the Pricing Disclosure Package, any Material Adverse Change, or any change or development
that, singularly or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to involve a Material Adverse Change, except as set forth in the Prospectus.

(ii)Secretarys Certificate. At each of the Closing Date or Option Closing Date, as applicable, the Representative shall
have received a certificate of the Company signed by the Secretary of the Company, dated the Closing Date, or Option Closing Date, as
applicable, certifying: (i) that each of the Charter and Bylaws is true and complete, has not been modified and is in full force
and effect; (ii) that the resolutions of the Companys Board of Directors relating to the Offering are in full force and effect
and have not been modified; (iii) the good standing of the Company; and (iv) as to the incumbency of the officers of the Company.
The documents referred to in such certificate shall be attached to such certificate.

(e)No Material Changes. Prior to and on each of the Closing Date or Option Closing Date, as applicable: (i) there shall
have been no Material Adverse Change that, singularly or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to involve a Material Adverse
Change, from the latest dates as of which such condition is set forth in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and
the Prospectus; (ii) no action, suit or proceeding, at law or in equity, shall have been pending or threatened against the Company
or any Insider before or by any court or federal or state commission, board or other administrative agency wherein an unfavorable decision,
ruling or finding would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change, except as set forth in the Registration Statement,
the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; (iii) no stop order shall have been issued under the Securities Act and no proceedings
therefor shall have been initiated or threatened by the Commission; and (iv) the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto shall contain all material statements which are required to be stated therein
in accordance with the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations and shall conform in all material respects to the requirements
of the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations, and neither the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package nor the
Prospectus nor any amendment or supplement thereto shall contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading.

(f)Other Agreements to be Delivered. The Company has caused each of its officers and directors and certain stockholders to
deliver to the Representative an executed Lock-Up Agreement, in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as Exhibit A (the
Lock-Up Agreement), prior to the execution of this Agreement. On the Closing Date, the Company shall have delivered
to the Representative an executed copy of the Warrant Agency Agreement, and an executed of global Series A Firm Warrant and the Global
Series B Firm Warrant delivered to the warrant agent pursuant to the Warrant Agency Agreement.

20 

(g)Additional Documents. At the Closing Date or Option Closing Date, as applicable, Representatives Counsel shall have
been furnished with such documents and opinions as they may reasonably require for the purpose of enabling Representatives Counsel
to deliver an opinion to the Underwriters, or in order to evidence the accuracy of any of the representations or warranties, or the fulfillment
of any of the conditions, herein contained; and all proceedings taken by the Company in connection with the issuance and sale of the Public
Securities and Representatives Securities as herein contemplated shall be satisfactory in form and substance to the Representative
and Representatives Counsel.

5. Indemnification.

(a)Indemnification of the Underwriters. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter, its affiliates
and each person controlling such Underwriter (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act), and the directors, officers, agents
and employees of each Underwriter, its affiliates and each such controlling person (each Underwriter, and each such entity or person hereafter
is referred to as an Indemnified Person) from and against any losses (other than losses of profits), claims, damages,
judgments, assessments, costs and other liabilities (collectively, the Liabilities), and shall reimburse each Indemnified
Person for all fees and expenses (including the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel for the Indemnified Persons, except as otherwise
expressly provided in this Agreement) (collectively, the Expenses) and agrees to advance payment of such Expenses
as they are incurred by an Indemnified Person in investigating, preparing, pursuing or defending any actions, whether or not any Indemnified
Person is a party thereto, arising out of or based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained
in (i) the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package, the Preliminary Prospectus, or the Prospectus (as from time to time
each may be amended and supplemented); (ii) any materials or information provided to investors by, or with the approval of, the Company
in connection with the marketing of the Offering, including any road show or investor presentations made to investors by
the Company (whether in person or electronically); or (iii) any application or other document or written communication (in this Section
5, collectively called application) executed by the Company or based upon written information furnished by the Company in
any jurisdiction in order to qualify the Public Securities and Representatives Securities under the securities laws thereof or
filed with the Commission, any state securities commission or agency, the Exchange or any other national securities exchange; or the omission
or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light
of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, unless such statement or omission was made in reliance upon, and in conformity
with, the Underwriters Information.

(b)Procedure. Upon receipt by an Indemnified Person of notice of an action against such Indemnified Person with respect to
which indemnity may reasonably be expected to be sought under this Agreement, such Indemnified Person shall promptly notify the Company
in writing; provided that failure by any Indemnified Person so to notify the Company shall not relieve the Company from any obligation
or liability which the Company may have on account of this Section 5 or otherwise to such Indemnified Person, except to the extent the
Company is materially prejudiced as a proximate result of such failure. An Indemnified Person shall have the right to require that the
Company assume the defense of any such action (including the employment of counsel designated by the Company and reasonably satisfactory
to the Representative). Any Indemnified Person shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate in the
defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Indemnified Person unless: (i) the Company
has failed promptly to assume the defense and employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Representative for the benefit of the Underwriters
and the other Indemnified Persons or (ii) such Indemnified Person shall have been advised that in the opinion of counsel that there is
an actual or potential conflict of interest that prevents (or makes it imprudent for) the counsel engaged by the Company for the purpose
of representing the Indemnified Person, to represent both such Indemnified Person and any other person represented or proposed to be represented
by such counsel. The Company shall not be liable for the fees and expenses of more than one separate counsel (together with local counsel),
representing all Indemnified Persons who are parties to such action), which counsel (together with any local counsel) for the Indemnified
Persons shall be selected by the Representative, subject to the Companys approval (which shall not be unreasonably withheld). The
Company shall not be liable for any settlement of any action effected without its written consent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld).
In addition, the Company shall not, without the prior written consent of the Underwriters, settle, compromise or consent to the entry
of any judgment in or otherwise seek to terminate any pending or threatened action in respect of which advancement, reimbursement, indemnification
or contribution may be sought hereunder (whether or not such Indemnified Person is a party thereto) unless such settlement, compromise,
consent or termination (i) includes an unconditional release of that Indemnified Person from all Liabilities arising out of such action
for which indemnification or contribution may be sought hereunder and (ii) does not include a statement as to or an admission of
fault, culpability or a failure to act, by or on behalf of any Indemnified Person. The advancement, reimbursement, indemnification and
contribution obligations of the Company required hereby shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of
the investigation or defense, as every Liability and Expense is incurred and is due and payable, and in such amounts as fully satisfy
each and every Liability and Expense as it is incurred (and in no event later than 30 days following the date of any invoice therefore);
provided, however, that the Indemnified Persons shall repay such amounts to the extent it ultimately is determined that such persons are
not entitled to indemnification hereunder.

21 

(c)Indemnification of the Company. Each Underwriter, severally and not jointly, agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company,
its directors, its officers, employees and persons who control the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section
20 of the Exchange Act against any and all Liabilities, but only with respect to untrue statements or omissions, or alleged untrue statements
or omissions made in the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus, the Pricing Disclosure Package or Prospectus or any amendment
or supplement thereto or in any application, in reliance upon, and in strict conformity with, the Underwriters Information. In
case any action shall be brought against the Company or any other person so indemnified based on any Preliminary Prospectus, the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto or in any application, and in respect of
which indemnity may be sought against any Underwriter, such Underwriter shall have the rights and duties given to the Company, and the
Company and each other person so indemnified shall have the rights and duties given to the several Underwriters by the provisions of Section
5(b). The Company agrees promptly to notify the Representative of the commencement of any litigation or proceedings against the Company
or any of its officers, directors or any person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act
or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, in connection with the issuance and sale of the Public Securities or in connection with the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package, or the Prospectus; provided that failure by the Company so to notify the Representative shall
not relieve any Underwriter from any obligation or liability which such Underwriter may have on account of this Section 5 or otherwise
to the Company, except to the extent such Underwriter is materially prejudiced as a proximate result of such failure.

(d)Contribution. If the indemnification provided for in this Section 5 shall for any reason be unavailable to or insufficient
to hold harmless an indemnified party under Section 5(a) or 5(c) in respect of any Liabilities and Expenses referred to therein, then
each indemnifying party shall, in lieu of indemnifying such indemnified party, contribute to the amount paid or payable by such indemnified
party as a result of such Liabilities and Expenses, (i) in such proportion as shall be appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received
by the Company, on the one hand, and each of the Underwriters, on the other hand, from the Offering, or (ii) if the allocation provided
by clause (i) above is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits
referred to in clause (i) above but also the relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand,
in connection with the matters as to which such Liabilities or Expenses relate, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations.
The relative benefits received by the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, with respect to such Offering
shall be deemed to be in the same proportion as the total proceeds from the Offering purchased under this Agreement (after deducting all
underwriting discounts, commissions and other fees but before deducting expenses) received by the Company bear to the total underwriting
discount, fees and commissions actually received by the Underwriters in connection with the Offering, in each case as set forth in the
table on the cover page of the Prospectus. The relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand,
shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the omission
or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company, on the one hand, or the Underwriters, on
the other hand, and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such untrue
statement, omission, act or failure to act; provided that the parties hereto agree that the written information furnished to the Company
through the Representative by or on behalf of any Underwriter for use in any Preliminary Prospectus, any Registration Statement or the
Prospectus, or in any amendment or supplement thereto, consists solely of the Underwriters Information. The Company and the Underwriters
agree that it would not be just and equitable if contributions pursuant to this subsection (d) were determined by pro rata allocation
(even if the Underwriters were treated as one entity for such purpose) or by any other method of allocation which does not take into account
the equitable considerations referred to above in this subsection (d). Notwithstanding the above, no person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation
within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act shall be entitled to contribution from a party who was not guilty of fraudulent
misrepresentation.

(e)Survival. The advancement, reimbursement, indemnity and contribution obligations set forth in this Section 5 shall remain
in full force and effect regardless of any termination of, or the completion of any Indemnified Person's services under or in connection
with, this Agreement. Each Indemnified Person is an intended third-party beneficiary of this Section 5, and has the right to enforce the
provisions of Section 5 as if he/she/it was a party to this Agreement.

22 

6. Default by an Underwriter.

(a)Default Not Exceeding 10% of Public Securities. If any Underwriter or Underwriters shall default in its or their obligations
to purchase the Firm Securities, and if the number of the Firm Securities with respect to which such default relates does not exceed in
the aggregate 10% of the number of Firm Securities that all Underwriters have agreed to purchase hereunder, then such Firm Securities
to which the default relates shall be purchased by the non-defaulting Underwriters in proportion to their respective commitments hereunder.

(b)Default Exceeding 10% of Public Securities. In the event that the default addressed in Section 6(a) relates to more than
10% of the Firm Securities, the Representative may in its discretion arrange for itself or for another party or parties to purchase such
Firm Securities to which such default relates on the terms contained herein. If, within thirty six (36) hours after such default relating
to more than 10% of the Firm Securities, the Representative does not arrange for the purchase of such Firm Securities, then the Company
shall be entitled to a further period of thirty six (36) hours within which to procure another party or parties satisfactory to the Representative
to purchase said Firm Securities on such terms. In the event that neither the Representative nor the Company arrange for the purchase
of the Firm Securities to which a default relates as provided in this Section 6, this Agreement will automatically be terminated by the
Representative or the Company without liability on the part of the Company (except as provided in Sections 3(f) and 5 hereof) or
the several Underwriters (except as provided in Section 5 hereof); provided that if any such default occurs with respect to any Option
Shares, this Agreement will not terminate in respect of the Firm Securities; and provided, further, that nothing herein shall relieve
a defaulting Underwriter of its liability, if any, to the other Underwriters and to the Company for damages occasioned by its default
hereunder.

(c)Postponement of Closing Date. In the event that the Firm Securities to which the default relates are to be purchased by
the non-defaulting Underwriters, or are to be purchased by another party or parties as aforesaid, the Representative or the Company shall
have the right to postpone the Closing Date for a reasonable period, but not in any event exceeding seven (7) Business Days, in order
to effect whatever changes may thereby be made necessary in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus
or in any other documents and arrangements, and the Company agrees to file promptly any amendment to the Registration Statement, the Pricing
Disclosure Package or the Prospectus that in the opinion of counsel for the Underwriter may thereby be made necessary. The term Underwriter
as used in this Agreement shall include any party substituted under this Section 6 with like effect as if it had originally been a party
to this Agreement with respect to such Securities.

7.Additional Covenants.

(a)Prohibition on Press Releases and Public Announcements. The Company shall not issue press releases or engage in any other
publicity, without the Representatives prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld), for a period ending
at 5:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on the first (1st) Business Day following the forty-fifth (45th) day after the Closing Date, other than normal
and customary releases issued in the ordinary course of the Companys business or such press release or communication is required
by law.

8. Effective Date of this Agreement and Termination
Thereof.

(a)Effective Date. This Agreement shall become effective when both the Company and the Representative have executed the same
and delivered counterparts of such signatures to the other party.

23 

(b)Termination. The Representative shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time prior to any Closing Date,
(i) if any domestic or international event or act or occurrence has materially disrupted, or in Representatives opinion will
in the immediate future materially disrupt, general securities markets in the United States; or (ii) if trading on the New York Stock
Exchange or The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC shall have been suspended or materially limited, or minimum or maximum prices for trading shall
have been fixed, or maximum ranges for prices for securities shall have been required by FINRA or by order of the Commission or any other
Government Entity having jurisdiction; or (iii) if the United States shall have become involved in a new war or a material increase
in major hostilities; or (iv) if a banking moratorium has been declared by a New York State or federal authority; or (v) if
a moratorium on foreign exchange trading has been declared which materially adversely impacts the United States securities markets; or
(vi) if the Company shall have sustained a material loss by fire, flood, accident, hurricane, earthquake, theft, sabotage or other
calamity or malicious act which, whether or not such loss shall have been insured, will, in Representatives opinion, make it inadvisable
to proceed with the delivery of the Firm Securities; or (vii) if the Company is in material breach of its representations, warranties
or covenants hereunder; or (viii) if the Representative shall have knowledge after the date hereof of such a Material Adverse Change
in the conditions of the Company, or such adverse material change in general market conditions, in each case, as in the Representatives
reasonable judgment would make it impracticable to proceed with the offering, sale and/or delivery of the Public Securities or to enforce
contracts made by the Underwriters for the sale of the Public Securities. Section 5 of this Agreement shall survive any termination of
this Agreement.

(c)Expenses. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, except in the case of a default by the Underwriters
pursuant to Section 6(b) above, in the event that this Agreement shall not be carried out for any reason whatsoever, within the time specified
herein or any extensions thereof pursuant to the terms herein, the Company shall be obligated to pay to the Representative its actual
and accountable out-of-pocket expenses related to the transactions contemplated herein then due and payable and upon demand the Company
shall pay the full amount thereof to the Representative (less amounts previously advanced to the Underwriters); provided tht any such
reimbursement shall be subject to the the limits set forth in Section 3(h); provided, further, however, that such expense cap in no way
limits or impairs the indemnification and contribution provisions of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any advance received
by the Representative will be reimbursed to the Company to the extent not actually incurred in compliance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(4)(A).

(d)Indemnification. Notwithstanding any contrary provision contained in this Agreement, any election hereunder or any termination
of this Agreement, and whether or not this Agreement is otherwise carried out, the provisions of Section 5 shall remain in full force
and effect and shall not be in any way affected by, such election or termination or failure to carry out the terms of this Agreement or
any part hereof.

(e)Representations, Warranties, Agreements to Survive. All representations, warranties and agreements contained in this Agreement
or in certificates of officers of the Company submitted pursuant hereto, shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless
of (i) any investigation made by or on behalf of any Underwriter or its affiliates or selling agents, any person controlling any
Underwriter, its officers or directors or any person controlling the Company or (ii) delivery of and payment for the Public Securities.

24 

9. Miscellaneous.

(a)Notices. All communications hereunder, except as herein otherwise specifically provided, shall be in writing and addressed to the
other party at its address set forth below (or to such other address that the receiving party may designate from time to time in accordance
with this Section 9(a)), and shall be deemed to have been given (a) three (3) days after mailing if sent by certified mail return receipt
requested, (b) one (1) day after mailing if sent by receipted overnight carrier (i.e. Federal Express), provided that proof of delivery
or rejection is obtained, or (c) when delivered if by hand or sent by email to the physical address or email address set forth below.

If to the Representative:

Dawson James Securities, Inc.

101 N. Federal Highway Suite 600

Boca Raton, Florida 33432

Email: investmentbanking@dawsonjames.com

Attention: Hunter Tulloch

With copies to (which shall not constitute notice):

ArentFox Schiff LLP

1717 K Street NW

Washington, DC 20006

ralph.demartino@afslaw.com

Attention: Ralph V. De Martino

If to the Company:

Aclarion, Inc.

8181 Arista Place, Suite 100

Broomfield, Colorado 80021

Email: jeff@thramann.com

Attention: Jeff Thramann

With copies to (which shall
not constitute notice):

Carroll Legal LLC

1449 Wynkoop Street,
Suite 507

Denver, CO 80202

Email: jcarroll@carroll.legal

Attention: James H. Carroll

(b)Headings. The headings contained herein are for the sole purpose of convenience of reference, and shall not in any way limit
or affect the meaning or interpretation of any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement.

25 

(c)Amendment. This Agreement may only be amended by a written instrument executed by each of the parties hereto.

(d)Entire Agreement. This Agreement (together with the other agreements and documents being delivered pursuant to or in connection
with this Agreement) constitutes the entire agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, and
supersedes all prior agreements and understandings of the parties, oral and written, with respect to the subject matter hereof. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary set forth herein, it is understood and agreed by the parties hereto that all other terms and conditions of that
certain engagement letter between the Company and Representative, dated as of December 5, 2024 shall remain in full force and effect.

(e)Binding Effect. This Agreement shall inure solely to the benefit of and shall be binding upon the Representative, the Underwriters,
each Indemnified Person referred to in Section 5, the Company and the controlling persons, directors and officers referred to in Section
5 hereof, and their respective successors, legal representatives, heirs and assigns, and no other person shall have or be construed to
have any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or in respect of or by virtue of this Agreement or any provisions herein contained.
The term successors and assigns shall not include a purchaser, in its capacity as such, of securities from any of the Underwriters.

(f)Governing Law; Consent to Jurisdiction; Trial by Jury. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in
accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflict of laws principles thereof. The Company hereby agrees
that any action, proceeding or claim against it arising out of, or relating in any way to this Agreement shall be brought and enforced
in the New York Supreme Court, County of New York, or in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and irrevocably
submits to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be exclusive. The Company hereby waives any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction
and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Any such process or summons to be served upon the Company may be served by transmitting
a copy thereof by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to it at the address set forth in
Section 9(a) hereof. Such mailing shall be deemed personal service and shall be legal and binding upon the Company in any action, proceeding
or claim. THE COMPANY (ON ITS BEHALF AND, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ON BEHALF OF ITS STOCKHOLDERS AND AFFILIATES) AND
EACH OF THE UNDERWRITERS HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY
IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

(g)Execution in Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, and by the different parties hereto
in separate counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the
same agreement, and shall become effective when one or more counterparts has been signed by each of the parties hereto and delivered to
each of the other parties hereto. Delivery of a signed counterpart of this Agreement by email/pdf transmission shall constitute valid
and sufficient delivery thereof.

(h)Waiver, etc. The failure of any of the parties hereto to at any time enforce any of the provisions of this Agreement shall
not be deemed or construed to be a waiver of any such provision, nor to in any way effect the validity of this Agreement or any provision
hereof or the right of any of the parties hereto to thereafter enforce each and every provision of this Agreement. No waiver of any breach,
non-compliance or non-fulfillment of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be effective unless set forth in a written instrument
executed by the party or parties against whom or which enforcement of such waiver is sought; and no waiver of any such breach, non-compliance
or non-fulfillment shall be construed or deemed to be a waiver of any other or subsequent breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment.

[Signature Page Follows]

26 

[Signature
Page]

Underwriting
Agreement

If the foregoing correctly sets forth the understanding
between the Underwriters and the Company, please so indicate in the space below.

Very truly yours,

Aclarion,
Inc.

By: 

/s/ Jeff Thramann

Name: Jeff Thramann

Title: Executive Chairman

Confirmed as of the date first written above

mentioned, on behalf of itself and as

Representative of the several Underwriters

named on Schedule 1 hereto:

Dawson James Securities,
Inc. 

By: /s/ Robert Keyser III_______________

Name: Robert Keyser III

Title: Managing Director

27 

SCHEDULE 1

Underwriter Total Number of Firm Securities to be Purchased

Dawson James Securities, Inc. 144,000,000 Units

Total: 144.000,000 Units

28 

SCHEDULE 2

Pricing Information

Number of Units: 144,000,000

Number of Firm Shares: 21,100,000

Number of Pre-Funded Warrants: 122,900,000 Pre-Funded Warrants

Number of Series A Firm Warrants: 144,000,000 Series A Warrants

Number of Series B Firm Warrants: 144,000,000 Series B Warrants

Number of Option Securities:

Number of Option Shares: 21,000,000

Number of Option Pre-Funded Warrants: Up to 21,000,000 Pre-Funded
Warrants in lieu of Option Shares

Number of Series A Option Warrants: 21,000,000 Series A Warrants

Number of Series B Option Warrants: 21,000,000 Series B Warrants

Public Offering Price per one Unit: $0.10 ($0.09999 for Units including
Pre-Funded Warrant)

Underwriting Discount per one Unit: $0.007 ($0.0069993 for Units including
Pre-Funded Warrant

Over-Allotment Option Purchase Price per Option Share: $0.09114

Over-Allotment Option Purchase Price per Option Pre-Funded Warrant:
$0.0911307

Over-Allotment Option Purchase Price per Option Series A Warrant: $0.001

Over-Allotment Option Purchase Price per Option Series B Warrant: $0.001

29 

EXHIBIT A

Form of Lock-Up Agreement

Lock-Up Agreement

January [__], 2025

Dawson James Securities, Inc.

101 N. Federal Highway, Suite 600

Boca Raton, FL 33432

Ladies and Gentlemen:

The undersigned understands
that on the date hereof Dawson James Securities, Inc. (the Representative) entered into an Underwriting Agreement
(the Agreement) with Aclarion, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), providing for the
public offering (the Public Offering) of securities, consisting of shares of the Companys common stock (Common
Stock or Shares) or pre-funded warrants (in lieu of Shares), each to purchase one Share (Pre-Funded
Warrants), in each case accompanied by (a) one Series A warrant to purchase a Share (each, a Series A Warrant),
and (b) one Series B warrant to purchase a Share (each, a Series B Warrant and together with the Shares, Pre-Funded
Warrants, and the Series A Warrants, the Securities).

To induce the Representative
to continue its efforts in connection with the Public Offering, the undersigned hereby agrees that, without the prior written consent
of the Representative, the undersigned will not, and will cause all affiliates (as defined in Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended) of the undersigned or any person in privity with the undersigned or any affiliates of the undersigned not to,
during the period commencing on the date of the final prospectus (the Prospectus) relating to the Public Offering
and ending 90 days thereafter (the Lock-Up Period), (1) offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, grant, lend, or otherwise
transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any shares of capital stock or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable
for shares of capital stock, whether now owned or hereafter acquired by the undersigned or with respect to which the undersigned has or
hereafter acquires the power of disposition (collectively, the Lock-Up Securities); (2) enter into any swap or other
arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of the Lock-Up Securities; (3)
establish or increase a put equivalent position or liquidate or decrease a call equivalent position within the meaning of Section 16
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission promulgated
thereunder with respect to any Common Stock owned directly by the undersigned (including holding as a custodian) or with respect to which
the undersigned has beneficial ownership within the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, whether any
such transaction described in clause (1) or (2) above is to be settled by delivery of Lock-Up Securities, in cash or otherwise; (4) make
any demand for or exercise any right with respect to the registration of any Lock-Up Securities; or (5) publicly disclose the intention
to make any offer, sale, pledge or disposition, or to enter into any transaction, swap, hedge or other arrangement relating to any Lock-Up
Securities.

The undersigned also agrees
and consents to the entry of stop transfer instructions with the Companys transfer agent and registrar against the transfer of
the undersigneds Lock-Up Securities except in compliance with this lock-up agreement.

30 

Any release or waiver granted
by the Representative hereunder shall only be effective two (2) business days after the publication date of a press release announcing
such release or waiver. The provisions of this paragraph will not apply if (a) the release or waiver is effected solely to permit a transfer
of Lock-Up Securities not for consideration and (b) the transferee has agreed in writing to be bound by the same terms described in this
lock-up agreement to the extent and for the duration that such terms remain in effect at the time of such transfer.

No provision in this agreement
shall be deemed to restrict or prohibit the exercise, exchange or conversion by the undersigned of any securities exercisable or exchangeable
for or convertible into Common Stock, as applicable; provided that the undersigned does not transfer the Common Stock acquired
on such exercise, exchange or conversion during the Lock-Up Period, unless otherwise permitted pursuant to the terms of this lock-up agreement.
In addition, no provision herein shall be deemed to restrict or prohibit the entry into or modification of a so-called 10b5-1
plan at any time (other than the entry into or modification of such a plan in such a manner as to cause the sale of any Lock-Up Securities
within the Lock-Up Period); provided that no Lock-Up Securities may be sold within the Lock-Up Period pursuant to any such 10b5-1
plan.

The undersigned understands
that the Company and the Representative are relying upon this lock-up agreement in proceeding toward consummation of the Public Offering.
The undersigned further understands that this lock-up agreement is irrevocable and shall be binding upon the undersigneds heirs,
legal representatives, successors and assigns.

This lock-up agreement is
intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns (which do not include any investors
in the offering referenced herein) and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provisions hereof be enforced by, any other person (including
any investors in the offering referenced herein).

The undersigned understands
that, if the Prospectus is not filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission within 20 days of the date hereof, or if the Agreement
(other than the provisions thereof which survive termination) shall terminate or be terminated prior to payment for and delivery of the
Shares to be sold thereunder, whichever is earlier, then this lock-up agreement shall be void and of no further force or effect.

Whether or not the Public
Offering actually occurs depends on a number of factors, including market conditions. Any Public Offering will only be made pursuant to
the Agreement, the terms of which are subject to negotiation between the Company and the Representative.

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO FOLLOW]

31 

Very truly yours, 

(Name - Please Print)

(Signature)

(Name of Signatory, in the case of entities
- Please Print)

(Title of Signatory, in the case of entities
- Please Print)

Address: _________________________________

_________________________________

_________________________________

32
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>acon_ex1002.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF LOCK-UP AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

Form of Lock-Up Agreement

Lock-Up Agreement

January [__], 2025

Dawson James Securities, Inc.

101 N. Federal Highway, Suite 600

Boca Raton, FL 33432

Ladies and Gentlemen:

The undersigned understands
that on the date hereof Dawson James Securities, Inc. (the Representative) entered into an Underwriting Agreement
(the Agreement) with Aclarion, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), providing for the
public offering (the Public Offering) of securities, consisting of shares of the Companys common stock (Common
Stock or Shares) or pre-funded warrants (in lieu of Shares), each to purchase one Share (Pre-Funded
Warrants), in each case accompanied by (a) one Series A warrant to purchase a Share (each, a Series A Warrant),
and (b) one Series B warrant to purchase a Share (each, a Series B Warrant and together with the Shares, Pre-Funded
Warrants, and the Series A Warrants, the Securities).

To induce the Representative
to continue its efforts in connection with the Public Offering, the undersigned hereby agrees that, without the prior written consent
of the Representative, the undersigned will not, and will cause all affiliates (as defined in Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended) of the undersigned or any person in privity with the undersigned or any affiliates of the undersigned not to,
during the period commencing on the date of the final prospectus (the Prospectus) relating to the Public Offering
and ending 90 days thereafter (the Lock-Up Period), (1) offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, grant, lend, or otherwise
transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any shares of capital stock or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable
for shares of capital stock, whether now owned or hereafter acquired by the undersigned or with respect to which the undersigned has or
hereafter acquires the power of disposition (collectively, the Lock-Up Securities); (2) enter into any swap or other
arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of the Lock-Up Securities; (3)
establish or increase a put equivalent position or liquidate or decrease a call equivalent position within the meaning of Section 16
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission promulgated
thereunder with respect to any Common Stock owned directly by the undersigned (including holding as a custodian) or with respect to which
the undersigned has beneficial ownership within the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, whether any
such transaction described in clause (1) or (2) above is to be settled by delivery of Lock-Up Securities, in cash or otherwise; (4) make
any demand for or exercise any right with respect to the registration of any Lock-Up Securities; or (5) publicly disclose the intention
to make any offer, sale, pledge or disposition, or to enter into any transaction, swap, hedge or other arrangement relating to any Lock-Up
Securities.

The undersigned also agrees
and consents to the entry of stop transfer instructions with the Companys transfer agent and registrar against the transfer of
the undersigneds Lock-Up Securities except in compliance with this lock-up agreement.

Any release or waiver granted
by the Representative hereunder shall only be effective two (2) business days after the publication date of a press release announcing
such release or waiver. The provisions of this paragraph will not apply if (a) the release or waiver is effected solely to permit a transfer
of Lock-Up Securities not for consideration and (b) the transferee has agreed in writing to be bound by the same terms described in this
lock-up agreement to the extent and for the duration that such terms remain in effect at the time of such transfer.

1 

No provision in this agreement
shall be deemed to restrict or prohibit the exercise, exchange or conversion by the undersigned of any securities exercisable or exchangeable
for or convertible into Common Stock, as applicable; provided that the undersigned does not transfer the Common Stock acquired
on such exercise, exchange or conversion during the Lock-Up Period, unless otherwise permitted pursuant to the terms of this lock-up agreement.
In addition, no provision herein shall be deemed to restrict or prohibit the entry into or modification of a so-called 10b5-1
plan at any time (other than the entry into or modification of such a plan in such a manner as to cause the sale of any Lock-Up Securities
within the Lock-Up Period); provided that no Lock-Up Securities may be sold within the Lock-Up Period pursuant to any such 10b5-1
plan.

The undersigned understands
that the Company and the Representative are relying upon this lock-up agreement in proceeding toward consummation of the Public Offering.
The undersigned further understands that this lock-up agreement is irrevocable and shall be binding upon the undersigneds heirs,
legal representatives, successors and assigns.

This lock-up agreement is
intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns (which do not include any investors
in the offering referenced herein) and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provisions hereof be enforced by, any other person (including
any investors in the offering referenced herein).

The undersigned understands
that, if the Prospectus is not filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission within 20 days of the date hereof, or if the Agreement
(other than the provisions thereof which survive termination) shall terminate or be terminated prior to payment for and delivery of the
Shares to be sold thereunder, whichever is earlier, then this lock-up agreement shall be void and of no further force or effect.

Whether or not the Public
Offering actually occurs depends on a number of factors, including market conditions. Any Public Offering will only be made pursuant to
the Agreement, the terms of which are subject to negotiation between the Company and the Representative.

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO FOLLOW]

2 

Very truly yours, 

(Name - Please Print)

(Signature)

(Name of Signatory, in the case of entities
- Please Print)

(Title of Signatory, in the case of entities
- Please Print)

Address: _________________________________

_________________________________

_________________________________

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>acon-20250115.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>acon-20250115_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>acon-20250115_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Stock Par Value 0. 00001 Per Share [Member] 

Warrants Each Exercisable For One Share Of Common Stock [Member] 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>acon-20250115_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 15, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 15, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41358

Entity Registrant Name Aclarion,
Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001635077

Entity Tax Identification Number 47-3324725

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 8181 Arista Place

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 100

Entity Address, City or Town Broomfield

Entity Address, State or Province CO

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 80021

City Area Code (833)

Local Phone Number 275-2266

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Common Stock Par Value 0. 00001 Per Share [Member] 

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock

Trading Symbol ACON

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Warrants Each Exercisable For One Share Of Common Stock [Member] 

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock Warrants

Trading Symbol ACONW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=ACON_CommonStockParValue0.00001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=ACON_WarrantsEachExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
3 
24 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://aclarion.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

acon-20250115.xsd 
acon-20250115_def.xml 
acon-20250115_lab.xml 
acon-20250115_pre.xml 
acon_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>0001683168-25-000431-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>acon_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001635077 

2025-01-15 
2025-01-15 

0001635077 

ACON:CommonStockParValue0.00001PerShareMember 

2025-01-15 
2025-01-15 

0001635077 

ACON:WarrantsEachExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockMember 

2025-01-15 
2025-01-15 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001635077 
8-K 
2025-01-15 
Aclarion, Inc. 
DE 
001-41358 
47-3324725 
8181 Arista Place 
Suite 100 
Broomfield 
CO 
80021 
(833) 
275-2266 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock 
ACON 
NASDAQ 
Common Stock Warrants 
ACONW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>