<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001140361-25-005439.txt : 20250221
<SEC-HEADER>0001140361-25-005439.hdr.sgml : 20250221
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250221164004
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-25-005439
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		24
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250219
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250221
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250221

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Expedia Group, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001324424
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TRANSPORTATION SERVICES [4700]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				202705720
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37429
		FILM NUMBER:		25652569

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1111 EXPEDIA GROUP WAY W.
		CITY:			SEATTLE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98119
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(206) 481-7200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1111 EXPEDIA GROUP WAY W.
		CITY:			SEATTLE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98119

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Expedia, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050420
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ny20042512x5_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

falseExpedia Group, Inc.0001324424333 108TH AVENUE NEBELLEVUE98004NASDAQ00013244242025-02-192025-02-19

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C.
20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO
SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

DATE OF REPORT (DATE OF EARLIEST EVENT REPORTED): February 19, 2025

EXPEDIA GROUP, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware

001-37429

20-2705720

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) 

(Commission File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

1111 Expedia Group Way W.

Seattle, Washington98119

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code)

(206) 481-7200

Registrants telephone number, including area code

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Common stock, $0.0001 par value

EXPE

Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

(Nasdaq Global Select Market)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or
Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any
new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 8.01. Other Events.

Notes Offering

On February 19, 2025, Expedia Group, Inc. (the Company) entered
into an Underwriting Agreement (the Underwriting Agreement) with Goldman Sachs
& Co. LLC and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, as representatives of the several underwriters listed in Schedule 1 thereto (the Underwriters), and
the subsidiaries of the Company party thereto (the Subsidiary Guarantors), pursuant to which the Underwriters agreed to purchase from the Company $1 billion
aggregate principal amount of 5.400% Senior Notes due 2035 (the Notes). The Underwriting Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and
covenants of the Company, conditions to closing, indemnification obligations of the Company and the Underwriters, and termination and other customary provisions. The Notes were offered pursuant to the Companys Registration Statement on Form S-3ASR,
File No. 333-285042, dated February 19, 2025 (the Registration Statement). On February 21, 2025, the Company completed the sale of the Notes.

The net proceeds from the sale of the Notes, after underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses, were approximately $985 million.
The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the sale of the Notes for general corporate purposes, including, without limitation, (i) repayment, prepayment, redemption or repurchase of outstanding debt, (ii) dividends and stock repurchases and
(iii) funding for working capital, capital expenditures, and acquisitions.

The Notes were issued under an indenture dated as of February 21, 2025 (the Base

Indenture), as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 21, 2025 (the First Supplemental Indenture, and the Base
Indenture as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture, the Indenture), among the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors party thereto, and U.S. Bank
Trust Company, National Association, as trustee. The Notes are unconditionally guaranteed by the Subsidiary Guarantors, which include each domestic subsidiary of the Company that is a borrower under or guarantees the obligations under the Companys
existing credit agreement. The Notes are the Companys senior unsecured, unsubordinated obligations and will rank equally in right of payment with all of the Companys existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations. So long as the
guarantees are in effect, each subsidiary guarantors guarantee will be the senior unsecured, unsubordinated obligation of such subsidiary guarantor and will rank equally in right of payment with all of such subsidiary guarantors existing and future
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations. The Notes pay interest semi-annually in arrears on February 15 and August 15 of each year, beginning on August 15, 2025, at a rate of 5.400% per year and will mature on February 15, 2035.

The Company may redeem some or all of the Notes at any time prior to November 15, 2034, by paying a make-whole premium plus accrued and unpaid interest, if
any. The Company may redeem some or all of the Notes on or after November 15, 2034 at par plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any.

The Company is obligated to offer to repurchase the Notes at a price of 101% of their principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, upon the
occurrence of certain change of control triggering events, subject to certain qualifications and exceptions. The Indenture contains certain customary covenants (including covenants limiting the Companys and the Companys subsidiaries ability to
create certain liens, enter into sale and lease-back transactions, and consolidate or merge with, or convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all assets to, another person) and events of default (subject in certain cases to customary
exceptions, as well as grace and cure periods). The occurrence of an event of default under the Indenture could result in the acceleration of the Notes and could cause a cross-default that could result in the acceleration of other indebtedness of the
Company and its subsidiaries.

The material terms of the offer and sale of the Notes are described in the Companys final prospectus supplement, dated February 19, 2025, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on February 21, 2025, pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, which supplements the Companys prospectus, as filed with the SEC on February 19, 2025, and contained
in the Registration Statement.

The foregoing descriptions of the Base Indenture and the First Supplemental Indenture are qualified in their entirety by reference to the Base Indenture and
the First Supplemental Indenture, which are included as Exhibits 4.1 and 4.2 hereto, respectively, and are incorporated herein by reference.

On February 21, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the closing of the offering of the Notes. The Companys press release is filed as Exhibit
99.1 hereto, and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit

Number 

Description

4.1 

Indenture, dated as of February 21, 2025, by and among Expedia Group, Inc., the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, and U.S. Bank Trust Company,
National Association, as trustee.*

4.2 

First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 21, 2025, by and among Expedia Group, Inc., the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, and U.S. Bank
Trust Company, National Association, as trustee.*

4.3 

Form of Note (included as Exhibit A to the First Supplemental Indenture in Exhibit 4.2 hereto).

5.1 

Opinion of Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz, dated February 21, 2025, with respect to the Notes.*

5.2 

Opinion of Brownstein Hyatt Farber Schreck, LLP, dated February 21, 2025, with respect to the Notes.*

5.3 

Opinion of Morris, Nichols, Arsht & Tunnell LLP, dated February 21, 2025, with respect to the Notes.*

5.4 

Opinion of Perkins Coie LLP, dated February 21, 2025, with respect to the Notes.*

23.1 

Consent of Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz (included in Exhibit 5.1 hereto).

23.2 

Consent of Brownstein Hyatt Farber Schreck, LLP (included in Exhibit 5.2 hereto).

23.3 

Consent of Morris, Nichols, Arsht & Tunnell LLP (included in Exhibit 5.3 hereto).

23.4 

Consent of Perkins Coie LLP (included in Exhibit 5.4 hereto).

99.1 

Press Release, dated February 21, 2025.*

* 

Filed herein.

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
hereunto duly authorized.

EXPEDIA GROUP, INC.

By: 

/s/ Robert J. Dzielak

Robert J. Dzielak

Chief Legal Officer and Secretary

Dated: February 21, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ny20042512x5_ex4-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

EXECUTION VERSION

EXPEDIA GROUP, INC.,

as Issuer,

the Subsidiary Guarantors, from time to time parties hereto,

AND

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Trustee

Indenture

Dated as of February 21, 2025

EXPEDIA GROUP, INC.

Indenture Dated as of February 21, 2025.

CROSS REFERENCE SHEET*.

Showing the Location in the Indenture of the Provisions Inserted Pursuant to Sections 310 to 318(a) inclusive of the Trust Indenture Act of 1939.

Provisions of Trust Indenture Act of 1939 

Indenture Provision

310 

(a)(1) 

8.09

(a)(2) 

8.09

(a)(3) 

Not Applicable

(a)(4) 

Not Applicable

(a)(5) 

8.08;

(b) 

8.08; 8.10

311 

(a) 

8.13

(b) 

8.13

312 

(a) 

9.01; 9.02(a)

(b) 

9.02(b)

(c) 

9.02(c)

313 

(a) 

9.03

(b)(1) 

Not Applicable

(b)(2) 

9.03

(c) 

9.03

(d) 

9.03

314 

(a) 

9.04

(b) 

Not Applicable

(c) 

1.02

(d) 

Not Applicable

(e) 

1.02

315 

(a)(1) 

8.01(a)(i)

(a)(2) 

8.01(a)(ii)

(b) 

8.02

(c) 

8.01(b)

(d)(1) 

8.01(a)

(d)(2) 

8.01(c)(ii)

(d)(3) 

8.01(c)(iii)

(e) 

7.14

316 

(a) 

7.12; 7.13

(b) 

7.08

(c) 

1.04

317 

(a)(1) 

7.03

(a)(2) 

7.04

(b) 

12.03

318 

(a) 

1.08

* 

This Cross Reference Sheet is not part of the Indenture.

i

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE ONE

DEFINITIONS AND OTHER PROVISIONS OF GENERAL APPLICATION

Section 1.01. 

Definitions 

2

Section 1.02. 

Compliance Certificates and Opinions 

8

Section 1.03. 

Form of Documents Delivered to Trustee 

9

Section 1.04. 

Act of Holders 

9

Section 1.05. 

Notices, etc., to Trustee and Company 

10

Section 1.06. 

Notice to Holders; Waiver 

11

Section 1.07. 

Immunity of Incorporator, Stockholders, Officers and Directors 

11

Section 1.08. 

Conflict with Trust Indenture Act 

11

Section 1.09. 

Effect of Headings and Table of Contents 

11

Section 1.10. 

Successors and Assigns 

11

Section 1.11. 

Separability Clause 11

Section 1.12. 

Benefits of Indenture 

12

Section 1.13. 

Governing Law 

12

Section 1.14. 

Cross References 

12

Section 1.15. 

Counterparts 

12

Section 1.16. 

Legal Holidays 

12

Section 1.17. 

Securities in Foreign Currencies 

12

Section 1.18. 

Waiver of Jury Trial 

12

Section 1.19. 

Force Majeure 

13

Section 1.20. 

FATCA 

13

Section 1.21. 

Electronic Signatures 

13

ARTICLE TWO

SECURITY FORMS

Section 2.01. 

Forms Generally 

13

Section 2.02. 

Form of Certificate of Authentication 

14

Section 2.03. 

Securities in Global Form 

14

ARTICLE THREE

THE SECURITIES

Section 3.01. 

Amount Unlimited; Issuable in Series 14

Section 3.02. 

Denominations 

18

Section 3.03. 

Authentication and Dating 

18

Section 3.04. 

Execution of Securities 

19

Section 3.05. 

Exchange and Registration of Transfer of Securities 

19

ii

Section 3.06. 

Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Securities 

21

Section 3.07. 

Temporary Securities 

22

Section 3.08. 

Payment of Interest; Interest Rights Preserved 

23

Section 3.09. 

Persons Deemed Owners 

24

Section 3.10. 

Cancellation 

24

Section 3.11. 

Computation of Interest 

24

Section 3.12. 

CUSIP 

24

ARTICLE FOUR

REDEMPTION OF SECURITIES

Section 4.01. 

Applicability of Article 

25

Section 4.02. 

Election to Redeem; Notice to Trustee 

25

Section 4.03. 

Selection by Trustee of Securities to Be Redeemed 

25

Section 4.04. 

Notice of Redemption 

25

Section 4.05. 

Deposit of Redemption Price 

26

Section 4.06. 

Securities Payable on Redemption Date 

27

Section 4.07. 

Securities Redeemed in Part 

27

ARTICLE FIVE

SINKING FUNDS

Section 5.01. 

Applicability of Article 

27

Section 5.02. 

Satisfaction of Mandatory Sinking Fund Payments with Securities 

27

Section 5.03. 

Redemption of Securities for Sinking Fund 

28

ARTICLE SIX

DISCHARGE OF INDENTURE; DEFEASANCE

Section 6.01. 

Discharge of Liability on Securities; Defeasance 

29

Section 6.02. 

Conditions to Defeasance 

30

Section 6.03. 

Application of Trust Money 

31

Section 6.04. 

Repayment to the Company 

31

Section 6.05. 

Indemnity for Government Obligations 

32

Section 6.06. 

Reinstatement 

32

ARTICLE SEVEN

REMEDIES

Section 7.01. 

Events of Default 

32

Section 7.02. 

Acceleration of Maturity; Rescission and Annulment 34

Section 7.03. 

Collection of Indebtedness and Suits for Enforcement by Trustee 

35

Section 7.04. 

Trustee May File Proofs of Claim 

36

Section 7.05. 

Trustee May Enforce Claims without Possession of Securities 

36

iii

Section 7.06. 

Application of Money Collected 

36

Section 7.07. 

Limitation on Suits 

37

Section 7.08. 

Unconditional Right of Holders to Receive Principal, Premium and Interest 

37

Section 7.09. 

Restoration of Rights and Remedies 37

Section 7.10. 

Rights and Remedies Cumulative

38

Section 7.11. 

Delay or Omission Not Waiver

38

Section 7.12. 

Control by Holders 

38

Section 7.13. 

Waiver of Past Defaults 

38

Section 7.14. 

Undertaking for Costs 38

Section 7.15. 

Waiver of Stay or Extension Laws 

39

ARTICLE EIGHT

THE TRUSTEE

Section 8.01. 

Certain Duties and Responsibilities 

39

Section 8.02. 

Notice of Defaults 

40

Section 8.03. 

Certain Rights of Trustee 40

Section 8.04. 

Not Responsible for Recitals or Issuance of Securities 

42

Section 8.05. 

May Hold Securities 

42

Section 8.06. 

Money Held in Trust 

42

Section 8.07. 

Compensation and Reimbursement 

42

Section 8.08. 

Disqualification; Conflicting Interests 

43

Section 8.09. 

Corporate Trustee Required; Different Trustees for Different Series; Eligibility 

43

Section 8.10. 

Resignation and Removal; Appointment of Successor 

44

Section 8.11. 

Acceptance of Appointment by Successor 

45

Section 8.12. 

Merger, Conversion, Consolidation or Succession to Business 

46

Section 8.13. 

Preferential Collection of Claims against Company 46

Section 8.14. 

Authenticating Agent 46

ARTICLE NINE

HOLDERS LISTS AND REPORTS BY TRUSTEE AND COMPANY

Section 9.01. 

Company to Furnish Trustee Names and Addresses of Holders 

48

Section 9.02. 

Preservation of Information; Communications to Holders 

48

Section 9.03. 

Reports by Trustee 48

Section 9.04. 

Reports by Company 48

ARTICLE TEN

CONSOLIDATION, MERGER, CONVEYANCE OR TRANSFER

Section 10.01. 

When the Company or a Subsidiary Guarantor May Merge or Transfer Assets 

49

iv

Section 10.02. 

Successor Corporation Substituted 49

ARTICLE ELEVEN

SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURES

Section 11.01. 

Supplemental Indentures without Consent of Holders 

50

Section 11.02. 

Supplemental Indentures with Consent of Holders 51

Section 11.03. 

Execution of Supplemental Indentures 52

Section 11.04. 

Notice of Supplemental Indenture 52

Section 11.05. 

Effect of Supplemental Indentures 52

Section 11.06. 

Conformity with Trust Indenture Act 

53

Section 11.07. 

Reference in Securities to Supplemental Indentures 

53

ARTICLE TWELVE

COVENANTS

Section 12.01. 

Payment of Principal, Premium and Interest 

53

Section 12.02. 

Maintenance of Office or Agency 

53

Section 12.03. 

Money for Securities Payments to Be Held in Trust 

54

Section 12.04. 

Compliance Certificate 54

Section 12.05. 

Corporate Existence 

55

Section 12.06. 

Permit No Vacancy in Office of Trustee 

55

Section 12.07. 

Waiver 

55

ARTICLE THIRTEEN

GUARANTEES

Section 13.01. 

Guarantees 55

Section 13.02. 

No Subrogation 

57

Section 13.03. 

Consideration 57

Section 13.04. 

Limitation on Subsidiary Guarantor Liability 57

Section 13.05. 

Execution and Delivery 

58

Section 13.06. 

Release of Subsidiary Guarantors 58

v

INDENTURE, dated as of February 21, 2025, between EXPEDIA GROUP, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Company), the Subsidiary Guarantors, from time to time parties hereto, and
U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as trustee hereunder (the Trustee).

RECITALS OF THE COMPANY

The Company is authorized to borrow money for its corporate purposes and to issue debentures, notes or other evidences of unsecured indebtedness therefor; and for its corporate purposes, the Company has determined to
make and issue its debentures, notes or other evidences of unsecured indebtedness to be issued in one or more series (the Securities), as hereinafter provided, up to such principal amount or amounts as may
from time to time be authorized by or pursuant to the authority granted in one or more resolutions of the Board of Directors.

The Company wishes to permit certain Subsidiaries of the Company to make the Guarantees permitted pursuant to Section 3.01 and set forth in Section

13.01 with respect to Securities of certain series issued under this Indenture.

This Indenture is subject to the provisions of the Trust Indenture Act that are required to be part of this Indenture, and shall be governed by such provisions; provided that
if any provision of this Indenture modifies any TIA provision that may be so modified, such TIA provision shall be deemed to apply to this Indenture as so modified; provided, further, that if any provision of this Indenture excludes any TIA provision that may be so excluded, such TIA provision shall be excluded from this Indenture.

All things necessary to make this Indenture a valid and legally binding agreement of the Company, in accordance with its terms, have been done.

NOW, THEREFORE, THIS INDENTURE WITNESSETH:

That, in consideration of the premises and of the mutual covenants herein contained and of the purchase and acceptance of the Securities by the holders thereof and of the sum of One Dollar to the Company duly paid by
the Trustee at or before the ensealing and delivery of these presents, and for other valuable considerations, the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, and in order to declare the terms and conditions upon which the Securities are to be issued,
IT IS HEREBY COVENANTED, DECLARED AND AGREED, by and between the parties hereto, that all the Securities are to be executed, authenticated and delivered subject to the further covenants and conditions hereinafter set forth; and the Company, for
itself and its successors, does hereby covenant and agree to and with the Trustee and its successors in said trust, for the benefit of those who shall hold the Securities, or any of them, as follows:

ARTICLE ONE

DEFINITIONS AND OTHER PROVISIONS OF GENERAL APPLICATION

Section 1.01. Definitions.

For all purposes of this Indenture, of all indentures supplemental hereto and all Securities issued hereunder except as otherwise expressly provided or unless the context otherwise requires: (a) the terms defined in
this Article shall have the meanings assigned to them in this Article, and include the plural as well as the singular; (b) all terms used in this Indenture, in any indenture supplemental hereto or in any such Securities which are defined in the
Trust Indenture Act shall have the meanings assigned to them in said Act; and (c) all accounting terms not otherwise defined herein or in such Securities shall have the meanings assigned to them in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles.

Certain terms used in Article Eight hereof are defined in that Article.

Act when used with respect to any Holder has the meaning specified in Section 1.04(a) hereof.

Affiliate of any specified Person means any other Person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified
Person. For the purposes of this definition, control when used with respect to any specified Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether
through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms controlling and controlled have meanings correlative to the foregoing.

Authenticating Agent means any Person appointed by the Trustee to act on behalf of the Trustee pursuant to Section 8.14 to
authenticate Securities.

Bankruptcy Law: See Section 7.01 hereof.

Board of Directors or Board means, with respect to any Person, the Board of Directors of such Person or any committee thereof duly
authorized to act on behalf of such Board or, in the case of a Person that is not a corporation, the group exercising the authority generally vested in a board of directors of a corporation.

Board Resolution means a copy of a resolution or resolutions certified by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company to have been duly adopted or a unanimous
written consent executed by the Board of Directors and to be in full force and effect on the date of such certification, and delivered to the Trustee.

Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banking institutions or trust companies in New York City are authorized or required by law,
regulation or executive order to close.

2

Capital Stock means, with respect to any Person, any and all shares, interests, rights to purchase, warrants, options, participations or other equivalents of or interests in
(however designated) equity of such Person, including any preferred stock, partnership interests and limited liability company membership interests, but excluding any debt securities convertible into such equity.

Code means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

Company means the Person named as the Company in the preamble to this Indenture until a successor corporation shall have become such pursuant to the applicable provisions of
this Indenture, and thereafter, the Company shall mean such successor corporation.

Company Order and Company Request mean, respectively, a written consent, order or request signed in the name of the Company by the
Chairperson of the Board, the President, the Chief Executive Officer, the Controller, the Chief Operating Officer, any Executive or Senior Vice President, Managing Director or any Vice President (whether or not designated by a number or numbers or
word added before or after the title Vice President), the Treasurer, the Assistant Treasurer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Chief Accounting Officer, the Chief Legal Officer, the General Counsel, the Secretary or the Assistant Secretary, and
delivered to the Trustee.

Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a person, whether through the ability to
exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. A person shall be deemed to Control another person if such person (1) is an officer or director of the other person or (2) directly or indirectly owns or controls 10% or more of the other persons
Capital Stock. The terms Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto.

Corporate Trust Office means the designated office of the Trustee at which, at any particular time, this Indenture shall be administered; which office at the date of the
execution of this Indenture is located at 190 S. LaSalle Street, Chicago, IL 60603 ATTN: Global Corporate Trust, or at any other time at such other address as the Trustee may designate from time to time by notice to the Holders.

corporation means a corporation, association, company or business trust.

Default means any event which is, or after notice or passage of time or both would be, an Event of Default.

Defaulted Interest: See Section 3.08 hereof.

Depositary when used with respect to the Securities of any series issuable or issued, in whole or in part, in the form of a Global Security, means the Person designated as
Depositary by the Company pursuant to Section 3.01 until a successor Depositary shall have become such pursuant to the applicable provisions of this Indenture, and thereafter Depositary shall mean or
include each Person who is then a Depositary hereunder, and if at any time there is more than one such Person, Depositary as used with respect to the Securities of any such series shall mean the Depositary with respect to the Securities of that
series.

3

Dollars and the sign $ mean the coin or currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for the
payment of public and private debts.

Domestic Subsidiary means a Subsidiary other than a Foreign Subsidiary.

Exchange Act means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC thereunder.

Event of Default: See Section 7.01 hereof.

FATCA Withholding Tax: See Section 1.20 hereof.

Foreign Currency means any currency issued by the government of any country other than the United States of America or any composite currency (including, without limitation,
the European Currency Unit) acceptable to the Trustee.

Foreign Subsidiary means (1) any Subsidiary that is a controlled foreign corporation (within the meaning of Section 957(a) of the Code), (2) any Subsidiary of any entity
described in clause (1) of this definition and (3) any Subsidiary that has no material assets other than Capital Stock in one or more persons that are Foreign Subsidiaries pursuant to clause (1) above.

GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America in effect from time to time.

Global Security means a Security issued to evidence all or a part of any series of Securities which is executed by the Company and authenticated and delivered to the
Depositary or pursuant to the Depositarys instructions, all in accordance with this Indenture and pursuant to a Company Order, which shall be registered in the name of the Depositary or its nominee.

Guarantee means any guarantee, if applicable, by any Subsidiary Guarantor endorsed on a Security authenticated and delivered pursuant to this Indenture and any Guarantees of
any Subsidiary Guarantor established in accordance with Section 3.01 and set forth in Section 13.01.

Holder means, unless otherwise established as contemplated by Section 3.01 with respect to the Securities of any series, a Person in
whose name a Security of any series is registered in the Securities Register for the Securities of such series.

Indebtedness means, with respect to any Person, obligations (other than Nonrecourse Obligations) of such Person for borrowed money (including, without limitation, indebtedness
for borrowed money evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or similar instruments).

Indenture means this instrument as originally executed, or as it may be amended or supplemented from time to time as herein provided, and shall include the form and terms of
the Securities of each series established as contemplated by Sections 2.01 and 3.01.

interest when used with respect to any non-interest bearing Security means interest payable after Maturity thereof.

4

Interest Payment Date when used with respect to the Securities of any series means the Stated Maturity of an installment of interest on the Securities of such series.

Maturity when used with respect to any Security means the date on which the principal of such Security becomes due and payable whether at the Stated Maturity or by declaration
of acceleration, call for redemption, pursuant to a sinking fund, notice of option to elect repayment or otherwise.

Nonrecourse Obligation means indebtedness or other obligations substantially related to (1) the acquisition of assets not previously owned by the Company, any Subsidiary
Guarantor or any of the Companys other direct or indirect Subsidiaries or (2) the financing of a project involving the development or expansion of properties of the Company, any Subsidiary Guarantor or any of the Companys other direct or indirect
Subsidiaries, as to which the obligee with respect to such indebtedness or obligation has no recourse to the Company, any Subsidiary Guarantor or any of the Companys other direct or indirect Subsidiaries or any of the Companys, any Subsidiary
Guarantors or such Subsidiarys assets other than the assets which were acquired with the proceeds of such transaction or the project financed with the proceeds of such transaction (and the proceeds thereof).

Obligations: See Section 13.01 hereof.

Officer means, with respect to the Company or any Subsidiary Guarantor, the Chairperson of the Board, President, the Chief Executive Officer, the Controller, the Chief
Operating Officer, any Executive or Senior Vice President, Managing Director or any Vice President (whether or not designated by a number or numbers or word added before or after the title Vice President), the Treasurer, the Assistant Treasurer,
the Chief Financial Officer, the Chief Accounting Officer, the Chief Legal Officer, the General Counsel, the Secretary or the Assistant Secretary, in each case, of the Company or such Subsidiary Guarantor, as applicable.

Officers Certificate means a certificate signed by any two Officers of the Company. Wherever this Indenture requires that an Officers
Certificate be signed also by an accountant or other expert, such accountant or other expert (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Indenture) may be in the employ of the Company.

Opinion of Counsel means a written opinion from legal counsel to the Company. The counsel may be an employee of the Company. Opinions of Counsel required to be delivered
under this Indenture may have qualifications customary for opinions of the type required and counsel delivering such Opinions of Counsel may rely on certificates of the Company or governmental or other officials customary for opinions of the type
required, including certificates certifying as to matters of fact.

Original Issue Discount Security means any Security less than the principal amount of which becomes due and payable upon a declaration of acceleration pursuant to Section 7.02 hereof.

5

Outstanding when used with respect to Securities means, as of the date of determination, all Securities theretofore authenticated and delivered under this Indenture, except:

(a) Securities theretofore cancelled by the Trustee or delivered to the Trustee for cancellation;

(b) Securities or portions thereof for whose payment or redemption money in the necessary amount has been theretofore deposited with the Trustee or any Paying Agent (other than the Company) in trust or set
aside and segregated in trust by the Company (if the Company shall act as its own Paying Agent) for the Holders of such Securities; provided, however, that, if such
Securities or portions thereof are to be redeemed, notice of such redemption has been duly given pursuant to this Indenture or provision therefor satisfactory to the Trustee has been made; and

(c) Securities paid or in exchange for or in lieu of which other Securities have been authenticated and delivered pursuant to this Indenture unless proof satisfactory to the Trustee is presented that any such
Securities are held by a holder in due course; provided, however, that in determining whether the Holders of the requisite principal amount of Securities
Outstanding have given any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent or waiver hereunder, (i) Securities owned by the Company or any other obligor upon the Securities or any Affiliate of the Company or such other obligor shall be
disregarded and deemed not to be Outstanding, except that, in determining whether the Trustee shall be protected in relying upon any such request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent or waiver, only Securities which a Responsible
Officer of the Trustee actually knows to be so owned shall be so disregarded (Securities so owned which have been pledged in good faith may be regarded as Outstanding if the pledgee establishes to the satisfaction of the Trustee the pledgees right
so to act with respect to such Securities and that the pledgee is not the Company or any other obligor upon the Securities or any Affiliate of the Company or such other obligor), and (ii) the principal amount of an Original Issue Discount Security
that shall be deemed to be outstanding for such purposes shall be the amount of the principal thereof that would be due and payable as of the date of such determination upon a declaration of acceleration pursuant to Section 7.02 hereof.

Overdue Rate when used with respect to the Securities of any series means the rate designated as such, established as contemplated by Section

3.01 for the Securities of such series.

Paying Agent means any Person authorized by the Company to pay the principal of (or premium, if any) or interest, if any, on any Securities on behalf of the Company.

Person means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organization or
government or any agency or political subdivision thereof.

Place of Payment when used with respect to the Securities of any series means the place or places where the principal of (and premium, if any) and interest, if any, on the
Securities of such series are specified as payable, established as contemplated by Section 3.01 or, if not so established, specified in Section 12.02.

record date: See Section 3.08 hereof.

6

Redemption Date when used with respect to any Security or portion thereof to be redeemed means the date fixed for such redemption pursuant hereto.

Redemption Price when used with respect to any Security or portion thereof to be redeemed on any Redemption Date means the price at which it is to be so redeemed, established
as contemplated by Section 3.01 exclusive of interest accrued and unpaid to such Redemption Date.

Responsible Officer shall mean, when used with respect to the Trustee, any officer within the corporate trust department of the Trustee, who customarily performs functions
similar to those performed by the Persons who shall have direct responsibility for the administration of this Indenture and also, with respect to a particular matter, any other officer to whom any corporate trust matter is referred because of such
persons knowledge of and familiarity with the particular subject.

SEC means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, or any successor agency.

Securities: See RECITALS OF THE COMPANY herein.

Securities Register and Securities Registrar: See Section 3.05 hereof.

Stated Maturity means, with respect to any security, the date specified in such security as the fixed date on which the payment of principal of such security is due and
payable, including pursuant to any mandatory redemption provision (but excluding any provision providing for the repurchase of such security at the option of the holder thereof until the exercise of such option by such holder).

Successor: See Section 10.01(a) hereof.

Subsidiary means, with respect to any person (the parent) at any date, any corporation, limited liability company, partnership,
association or other entity the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of the parent in the parents consolidated financial statements if such financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP as of that date, as well as any
other corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity (1) of which securities or other ownership interests representing more than 50% of the equity or more than 50% of the ordinary voting power or, in the case of a
partnership, more than 50% of the general partnership interests are, as of that date, owned, controlled or held or (2) that is, as of that date, otherwise Controlled (within the meaning of the first sentence of the definition of Control), by the
parent or one or more subsidiaries of the parent or by the parent and one or more subsidiaries of the parent.

Subsidiary Guarantor means any Subsidiary of the Company as may from time to time provide a Guarantee with respect to the Securities of a particular series pursuant to Section 3.01 and as set forth in Section 13.01, until released from such Guarantee pursuant to the provisions of this Indenture and the terms of such series of
Securities.

7

Trust Indenture Act and TIA mean the U.S. Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended (15 U.S.C. 77aaa-77bbbb) as in effect on the
date of this Indenture; provided, however, that in the event the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 is amended after such date, Trust Indenture Act and TIA mean, to
the extent required by any such amendments, the U.S. Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as so amended.

Trustee means the Person named as the Trustee in the first paragraph of this instrument and, subject to the provisions of Article
Eight hereof, shall also include its successors and assigns as Trustee hereunder. If there shall be at any one time more than one Trustee hereunder, Trustee shall mean each such Trustee and shall apply to
each such Trustee only with respect to the Securities of those series with respect to which it is serving as Trustee.

U.S. Government Obligations means direct obligations (or certificates representing an ownership interest in such obligations) of the United States of America (including any
agency or instrumentality thereof) for the payment of which the full faith and credit of the United States of America is pledged and which are not callable or redeemable at the option of the issuer thereof.

Vice President when used with respect to the Company means any vice president, whether or not designated by a number or a word or words added before or after the title vice president.

Section 1.02. Compliance Certificates and Opinions. Upon any application or request by the Company to the Trustee to take any action under any provision of this
Indenture, the Company shall furnish to the Trustee an Officers Certificate stating that all conditions precedent (including any covenant compliance with which constitutes a condition precedent), if any,
provided for in this Indenture relating to the proposed action have been complied with and an Opinion of Counsel stating that in the opinion of such counsel all such conditions precedent, if any, have been complied with.

Every certificate or opinion with respect to compliance with a condition or covenant provided for in this Indenture shall include:

(a) a statement that each individual making such certificate or opinion has read such covenant or condition and the definitions herein relating thereto;

(b) a brief statement as to the nature and scope of the examination or investigation upon which the statements or opinions contained in such certificate or opinion are based;

(c) a statement that, in the opinion of each such individual, he has made such examination or investigation as is necessary to enable him to express an informed opinion as to whether or not such covenant or
condition has been complied with; and

(d) a statement as to whether, in the opinion of each such individual, such condition or covenant has been complied with.

8

Section 1.03. Form of Documents Delivered to Trustee. In any case where several matters are required to be certified by, or covered by an opinion of, any specified
Person, it is not necessary that all such matters be certified by, or covered by the opinion of, only one such Person, or that they be so certified or covered by only one document, but one such Person may certify or give an opinion with respect to
some matters and one or more other such Persons as to other matters, and any such Person may certify or give an opinion as to such matters in one or several documents.

Any certificate or opinion of an officer of the Company may be based, insofar as it relates to legal matters, upon a certificate or opinion of, or representations by, counsel, unless such officer knows, or in the
exercise of reasonable care should know, that the certificate or opinion or representations with respect to the matters upon which his certificate or opinion is based are erroneous. Any such certificate or Opinion of Counsel may be based, insofar
as it relates to factual matters, upon a certificate or opinion of, or representations by, an officer or officers of the Company stating that the information with respect to such factual matters is in the possession of the Company, unless such
counsel knows, or in the exercise of reasonable care should know, that the certificate or opinion or representations with respect to such matters are erroneous.

Any certificate, statement or opinion of an Officer of the Company or of counsel may be based, insofar as it relates to accounting matters, upon a certificate or opinion of or representations by an accountant or firm
of accountants in the employ of the Company, unless such Officer or counsel, as the case may be, knows, or in the exercise of reasonable care should know, that the certificate or opinion or representations with respect to the accounting matters
upon which his or her certificate, statement or opinion is based are erroneous.

Where any Person is required to make, give or execute two or more applications, requests, consents, certificates, statements, opinions or other instruments under this Indenture, they may, but need not, be consolidated
to form one instrument.

Section 1.04. Act of Holders.

(a) Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action provided by this Indenture to be given or taken by Holders may be embodied in and evidenced by one or more instruments
of substantially similar tenor signed by such Holders in person or by agent duly appointed in writing; and, except as herein otherwise expressly provided, such action shall become effective when such instrument or instruments are delivered to the
Trustee, and, where it is hereby expressly required, to the Company. Such instrument or instruments (and the action embodied therein and evidenced thereby) are herein sometimes referred to as the Act of
the Holders signing such instrument or instruments. Proof of execution of any such instrument or of a writing appointing any such agent shall be sufficient for any purpose of this Indenture and (subject to Section

8.01 hereof) conclusive in favor of the Trustee and the Company, if made in the manner provided in this Section 1.04.

(b) The fact and date of the execution by any Person of any such instrument or writing, or the authority of the Person executing the same, may be proved in any manner that the Trustee deems sufficient and in
accordance with such reasonable requirements as the Trustee may determine.

(c) The ownership of Securities of any series shall be proved by the Securities Register.

9

(d) Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action by the Holder of any Security shall bind the Holder of every Security issued upon the registration of transfer thereof
or in exchange therefor or in lieu thereof in respect of anything done or suffered to be done by the Trustee or the Company or any agent of the Trustee or the Company in reliance thereon, whether or not notation of such action is made upon such
Security.

(e) The Company may set a record date for purposes of determining the identity of Holders entitled to vote or consent or take any other action under this Indenture, which record date shall not be more than 60
days nor less than 10 days prior to the solicitation with respect thereto, and only such Holders shall be so entitled.

Section 1.05. Notices, etc., to Trustee and Company. Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or Act of Holders or other document
provided or permitted by this Indenture to be made upon, given or furnished to, or filed with,

(a) the Trustee by any Holder or by the Company shall be sufficient for every purpose hereunder if made, given, furnished or filed in writing to or with the Trustee at its Corporate Trust Office, or

(b) the Company by the Trustee or by any Holder shall be sufficient for every purpose hereunder (except as provided in Subsection (d) of Section 7.01 hereof) if in
writing and mailed, first-class postage prepaid, to the Company addressed to it at the address of its principal office specified in the first paragraph of this instrument or at any other address previously furnished in writing to the Trustee by the
Company.

The Trustee agrees to accept and act upon instructions or directions pursuant to this Indenture sent by unsecured e-mail, pdf, or other similar unsecured electronic methods; provided,
however, that the Trustee shall have received an incumbency certificate listing persons designated to give such instructions or directions and containing specimen signatures of such designated persons, which
such incumbency certificate shall be amended and replaced whenever a person is to be added or deleted from the listing. If the Company elects to give the Trustee e-mail instructions (or instructions by a similar electronic method) and the Trustee
in its discretion elects to act upon such instructions, the Trustees understanding of such instructions shall be deemed controlling. The Trustee shall not be liable for any losses, costs or expenses arising directly or indirectly from the
Trustees reliance upon and compliance with such instructions notwithstanding such instructions conflict or are inconsistent with a subsequent written instruction. The Company agrees to assume all risks arising out of the use of such electronic
methods to submit instructions and directions to the Trustee, including without limitation the risk of the Trustee acting on unauthorized instructions, and the risk of interception and misuse by third parties.

10

Section 1.06. Notice to Holders; Waiver.Where this Indenture provides for notice to Holders of any event, such notice shall
be sufficiently given (unless otherwise herein expressly provided) if (i) for global notes, delivered electronically in accordance with the depositarys applicable procedures, or (ii) for certificated notes, in writing and mailed, first-class
postage prepaid, to each Holder affected by such event, at such persons address as it appears in the Securities Register, not later than the latest date, and not earlier than the earliest date, prescribed for the giving of such notice. In any
case where notice to Holders is given by mail, neither the failure to mail such notice, nor any defect in any notice so mailed, to any particular Holder shall affect the sufficiency of such notice with respect to other Holders. Any notice
delivered in the manner prescribed by this Indenture shall be deemed to have been given whether or not such Holder receives said notice. Where this Indenture provides for notice in any manner, such notice may be waived in writing by the Person
entitled to receive such notice, either before or after the event, and such waiver shall be the equivalent of such notice. Waivers of notice by Holders shall be filed with the Trustee, but such filing shall not be a condition precedent to the
validity of any action taken in reliance upon such waiver.

Section 1.07. Immunity of Incorporator, Stockholders, Officers and Directors.No recourse shall be had for the payment of the
principal of (and premium, if any) or the interest, if any, on any Security of any series, or for any claim based thereon, or upon any obligation, covenant or agreement of this Indenture, against any incorporator, stockholder, officer or director,
as such, past, present or future of the Company or of any successor corporation, either directly or indirectly through the Company or any successor corporation, whether by virtue of any constitution, statute or rule of law or by the enforcement of
any assessment or penalty or otherwise; it being expressly agreed and understood that this Indenture and all the Securities are solely corporate obligations, and that no personal liability whatever shall attach to, or is incurred by, any
incorporator, stockholder, officer or director, past, present or future, of the Company or of any successor corporation, either directly or indirectly through the Company or any successor corporation, because of the incurring of the indebtedness
hereby authorized or under or by reason of any of the obligations, covenants or agreements contained in this Indenture or in any of the Securities, or to be implied herefrom or therefrom; and that all such personal liability is hereby expressly
released and waived as a condition of, and as part of the consideration for, the execution of this Indenture and the issue of the Securities.

Section 1.08. Conflict with Trust Indenture Act. If any provision of this Indenture limits, qualifies or conflicts with the duties imposed by, or with another provision
included or which is required to be included in this Indenture by the Trust Indenture Act, the duty or provision required by the Trust Indenture Act shall control.

Section 1.09. Effect of Headings and Table of Contents. The table of contents, cross-reference sheet and headings of the Articles and Sections of this Indenture have
been inserted for convenience of reference only, are not intended to be considered a part hereof and shall not modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions hereof.

Section 1.10. Successors and Assigns.All agreements of the Company in this Indenture and any Securities issued under this
Indenture shall bind its successors and assigns. All agreements of the Trustee in this Indenture shall bind its successors.

Section 1.11. Separability Clause.In case any provision in this Indenture or in any Securities shall be invalid, illegal or
unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof or of any Securities shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

11

Section 1.12. Benefits of Indenture.Nothing in this Indenture or in the Securities, expressed or implied, shall give to any
Person, other than the parties hereto and their successors hereunder, and the Holders of the Securities, any benefit or any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under this Indenture.

Section 1.13. Governing Law. This Indenture and each Security shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.

Section 1.14. Cross References. All references herein to Articles and other subdivisions are to the corresponding Articles or
other subdivisions of this Indenture; and the words herein, hereof, hereby, hereunder,

hereinbefore and hereinafter and other words of similar purport refer to this Indenture generally and not to any particular Article, Section or other subdivision
hereof.

Section 1.15. Counterparts. This Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original; but such counterparts shall together
constitute but one and the same instrument.

Section 1.16. Legal Holidays. In any case where any Interest Payment Date, Redemption Date, Stated Maturity or other payment date of a Security of any series is not a
Business Day at the relevant Place of Payment with respect to Securities of such series, then notwithstanding any other provision of this Indenture or the Securities, payment of interest, if any, principal, if any, premium, if any, or other
amounts, if any, with respect to such Security need not be made at such Place of Payment on such date but may be made on the next succeeding Business Day at such Place of Payment with the same force and effect as if made at the Stated Maturity or
on such Interest Payment Date, Redemption Date or other payment date, and no interest shall accrue on such payment for the period from and after such Interest Payment Date, Redemption Date, Stated Maturity or other payment date, as the case may be.

Section 1.17. Securities in Foreign Currencies.Whenever this Indenture provides for any action by, or any distribution to,
Holders of Securities denominated in Dollars and in any Foreign Currency, in the absence of any provision to the contrary established as contemplated by Section 3.01 for the Securities of any particular
series, any amount in respect of any Security denominated in a Foreign Currency shall be treated for any such action or distribution as that amount of Dollars that could be obtained for such amount on such reasonable basis of exchange and as of
such date as the Company may specify in a Company Order.

Section 1.18. Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH OF THE COMPANY, THE SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS AND THE TRUSTEE HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY
APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS INDENTURE, THE SECURITIES ISSUED UNDER THE INDENTURE OR THE TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

12

Section 1.19. Force Majeure.In no event shall the Trustee be responsible or liable for any failure or delay in the
performance of its obligations hereunder arising out of or caused by, directly or indirectly, forces beyond its control, including, without limitation, strikes, work stoppages, accidents, acts of war or terrorism, civil or military disturbances,
nuclear or natural catastrophes or acts of God, and interruptions, epidemic, pandemic or disease, loss or malfunctions of utilities, communications or computer (software and hardware) services; it being understood that the Trustee shall use
reasonable efforts which are consistent with accepted practices in the banking industry to resume performance as soon as practicable under the circumstances.

Section 1.20. FATCA. The Trustee and the Company shall each be entitled to deduct any withholding tax required to be withheld under Section 1471(b) of the Code or
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code and any regulations or agreements thereunder or official interpretations thereof (FATCA Withholding Tax), and shall have no obligation
to gross-up any payment hereunder or to pay any additional amount as a result of such FATCA Withholding Tax. Each of the Company and the Trustee agrees to reasonably cooperate and to use commercially reasonable efforts to provide information as
each may have in its possession to enable the determination of whether any payments pursuant to this Indenture are subject to FATCA Withholding Tax.

Section 1.21. Electronic Signatures. For the avoidance of doubt, for all purposes of this Indenture and any document to be signed or delivered in connection with or
pursuant to this Indenture (except where a manual signature is expressly required by the terms of this Indenture), the words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import shall be deemed to include electronic signatures,
including without limitation digital signature provided by DocuSign (or such other digital signature provider as specified in writing to Trustee by the authorized representative), deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, as the case
may be, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, and the parties hereto consent to conduct
the transactions contemplated hereunder by electronic means. The Company agrees to assume all risks arising out of the use of using digital signatures and electronic methods to submit communications to the Trustee, including without limitation the
risk of the Trustee acting on unauthorized instructions, and the risk of interception and misuse by third parties.

ARTICLE TWO

SECURITY FORMS

Section 2.01. Forms Generally.The Securities of each series shall be in substantially the forms as shall be established by or
pursuant to Board Resolution or one or more indentures supplemental hereto, in each case with such appropriate insertions, omissions, substitutions and other variations as are required or permitted by this Indenture or any indenture supplemental
hereto, and may have such letters, numbers or other marks of identification and such legends or endorsements placed thereon as may be required to comply with any law or with any rules made pursuant thereto or with any rules of any securities
exchange or as may, consistently herewith, be determined by the officers executing such Securities, as evidenced by their execution of the Securities.

The definitive Securities of each series shall be printed, lithographed or engraved or produced by any combination of these methods on steel engraved borders or may be produced in any other manner, all as determined by
the officers executing such Securities, as evidenced by their execution of such Securities.

13

Section 2.02. Form of Certificate of Authentication. The Certificate of Authentication on all Securities shall be in substantially the following form:

This is one of the Securities of the series designated therein referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.

Dated: 

U.S. Bank Trust Company,

National Association, as Trustee

By 

[Authorized Officer]

or

By 

[As Authenticating Agent]

By 

[Authorized Officer]

Section 2.03. Securities in Global Form. If any Security of a series is issuable as a Global Security (in whole or in part), such Global Security may provide that it
shall represent the aggregate principal amount of Outstanding Securities of such series from time to time represented thereby in the records of the Trustee or endorsed thereon and may also provide that the aggregate principal amount of Outstanding
Securities of such series represented thereby in the records of the Trustee or endorsed thereon may from time to time be reduced or increased. Any change in the records of the Trustee or any endorsement of a Global Security to reflect the
aggregate principal amount, or any increase or decrease in the amount, of Outstanding Securities represented thereby shall be made by the Trustee in accordance with provisions established as contemplated by Section

3.01.

ARTICLE THREE

THE SECURITIES

Section 3.01. Amount Unlimited; Issuable in Series. The aggregate principal amount of Securities which may be authenticated and delivered under this Indenture is
unlimited.

14

The Securities may be issued in one or more series. There shall be established in or pursuant to a Board Resolution or one or more indentures supplemental hereto, prior to the issuance of any Securities of any series:

(a)

the title of the Securities of such series (which shall distinguish the Securities of such series from all other series of Securities);

(b)

any limit upon the aggregate principal amount of the Securities of such series which may be authenticated and delivered under this Indenture (except for Securities authenticated and delivered
pursuant to Section 3.05, 3.06, 3.07, 4.07, or 11.07 hereof);

(c)

the date or dates, or the method by which such date or dates will be determined or extended, on which the principal of and premium, if any, on the Securities of such series is payable;

(d)

the Persons to whom interest on Securities of such series shall be payable, if other than the Persons in whose names such Securities are registered at the close of business on the record date for
such interest;

(e)

the rate or rates, or the method to be used in determining the rate or rates, at which the Securities of such series shall bear interest, if any, the date or dates from which such interest shall
accrue or the method by which such date or dates shall be determined, the Interest Payment Dates on which such interest shall be payable and, if other than as set forth in Section 3.08 hereof, the record
date for the determination of Holders to whom such interest is payable, and the basis upon which Interest shall be calculated if other than as set forth in Section 3.11;

(f)

the place or places at which (i) the principal of and premium, if any, and interest, if any, on Securities of such series shall be payable if other than as set forth in the third sentence of Section 12.02, (ii) registration of transfer of Securities of such series may be effected if other than as set forth in Section 3.05 and the third sentence of Section 12.02, (iii) exchanges of Securities of
such series may be effected if other than as set forth in Section 3.05 and the third sentence of Section 12.02 and (iv) notice and demands to or upon the Company in respect of the Securities of such series and this Indenture may be served; 

(g)

if such is the case, that the principal of such Securities shall be payable without the presentment or surrender thereof;

(h)

the price or prices at which, the period or periods within which and the terms and conditions upon which Securities of such series may be redeemed, in whole or in part, at the option of the
Company, at the option of a Holder or otherwise;

(i)

the obligation, if any, of the Company to redeem, purchase or repay Securities of such series pursuant to any sinking fund or analogous provisions or at the option of a Holder thereof and the
price or prices at which, the period or periods within which and the terms and conditions upon which Securities of such series shall be redeemed, purchased or repaid, in whole or in part, pursuant to such obligation;

(j)

if other than Dollars, the Foreign Currency or Foreign Currencies in which payment of the principal of and premium, if any, and interest, if any, on the Securities of such series shall be payable
or in which such Securities will be denominated;

15

(k)

if the principal of and premium, if any, or interest, if any, on the Securities of such series are to be payable, at the election of the Company or a Holder thereof, in a coin or currency
(including a composite currency) other than that in which such Securities are stated to be payable, the period or periods within which, and the terms and conditions upon which, such election may be made;

(l)

if denominated or payable in any coin or currency, including composite currencies, other than Dollars, or if the terms of the Securities provide that the principal amount thereof payable at
maturity may be more or less than the principal face amount thereof at original issuance, the method by which the Securities of such series shall be valued, which may be any reasonable method, against the Securities of all other series for voting,
the giving of any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent or waiver, distribution and all other purposes hereof and any provisions required for purposes of applying Sections 6.01 and 6.02 hereof;

(m)

if the amount of payments of principal of and premium, if any, or interest, if any, on the Securities of such series may be determined with reference to an index, the formula or other method
(which may be based on one or more currencies (including a composite currency), commodities, equity indices or other indices), and the manner in which such amounts shall be determined;

(n)

if other than denominations of $2,000 and any integral multiple thereof, the denominations in which Securities of such series shall be issuable;

(o)

if other than the principal amount thereof, the portion of the principal amount of Securities of such series which shall be payable upon declaration of acceleration of the Maturity thereof
pursuant to Section 7.02 hereof or the method by which such portion shall be determined;

(p)

any addition to, or modification or deletion of, any Event of Default or any covenant of the Company specified herein with respect to the Securities of such series;

(q)

if other than the rate of interest stated in the title of the Securities of such series, the applicable Overdue Rate;

(r)

if the Securities of such series do not bear interest, the applicable dates for purposes of Section 9.01 hereof;

(s)

the inapplicability to the Securities of such series of Section 6.01 relating to satisfaction, discharge and defeasance of Securities or, if applicable,
any modification to Section 6.01 with respect to the Securities of such series;

(t)

if other than U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association is to act as Trustee for the Securities of such series, the name and Corporate Trust Office of such Trustee;

16

(u)

whether the Securities of such series shall be issued in whole or in part in the form of a Global Security or Securities and, in such case, if other than as set forth in this Base Indenture, the
terms and conditions upon which such Global Security or Securities may be exchanged in whole or in part for other definitive Securities, the Depositary for such Global Security or Securities (which shall be a clearing agency registered under the
Exchange Act, or any other applicable statute or regulation, to the extent required thereunder), whether such Global Security shall be permanent or temporary, any limitations on the rights of the Holder or Holders to transfer or exchange the same
or to obtain the registration of transfer thereof, any limitations on the rights of the Holder or Holders thereof to obtain certificates in definitive form, and, the provisions for determining the aggregate principal amount of Outstanding
Securities from time to time represented thereby and any and all matters incidental to such Global Security or Securities;

(v)

if the Securities of such series may be converted into or exchanged for other securities of the Company or any other Persons, the terms and conditions pursuant to which the Securities of such
series may be converted or exchanged;

(w)

if the principal of or premium, if any, or interest, if any, on the Securities of such series are to be payable, at the election of the Company or a Holder thereof, in securities or other
property, the type and amount of such securities or other property, or the method by which such amount shall be determined, and the periods within which, and the terms and conditions upon which, any such election may be made;

(x)

if the Securities of such series are to be secured;

(y)

if the Securities of such series are to be issued upon the exercise of a warrant or right, the time, manner and place for such Securities to be authenticated and delivered;

(z)

if Securities of such series are guaranteed by any Subsidiary Guarantors and any deletions from, modifications to or additions to Article Thirteen, the Events of Default or covenants with respect
to such Subsidiary Guarantors with respect to Securities of such series, whether or not such changes are consistent with Article Thirteen, the Events of Default or covenants set forth herein;

(aa)

the subordination, if any, of the Securities of the series pursuant to this Indenture and any changes or additions to the provisions of this Indenture then in effect;

(bb)

with regard to Securities of the series that do not bear interest, the dates for certain required reports to the Trustee;

(cc)

whether and under what circumstances the Company will pay additional amounts to non-United States Holders of Securities of such series in respect of any tax assessment or government charge;

(dd)

the date as of which any Global Securities will be dated if other than the date of original issuance of the first Securities of a particular series to be issued; and

(ee)

any other terms of the Securities of such series (which terms shall conform to any applicable requirements of the TIA, and shall not materially adversely affect the rights of the Holders of
Securities then outstanding).

17

All Securities of any one series shall be substantially identical except as to principal amount and except as may otherwise be established as contemplated by this Section 3.01.

Section 3.02. Denominations.Unless otherwise established as contemplated by Section 3.01,
the Securities of each series shall be issuable only in registered form without coupons in such denominations as shall be established as contemplated by Section 3.01 or in the absence thereof, in
denominations of $2,000 and any integral multiple thereof.

Section 3.03. Authentication and Dating. At any time and from time to time after the execution and delivery of this Indenture, the Company may deliver Securities of
any series executed by the Company to the Trustee for authentication. Except as otherwise provided in this Article, the Trustee shall thereupon authenticate and deliver, or cause to be authenticated and delivered, said Securities pursuant to a
Company Order. In authenticating (or causing authentication of) such Securities, and accepting the additional responsibilities under this Indenture in relation to such Securities, the Company shall provide the Trustee with, prior to the
authentication of such Securities, and (subject to Sections 8.01 and 8.03 hereof) the Trustee shall be fully protected in relying upon:

(a) a Board Resolution relating thereto and, if applicable, an appropriate record of any action taken pursuant to such resolution, in each case certified by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the
Company;

(b) an executed supplemental indenture, if any, relating thereto;

(c) an Officers Certificate setting forth the form and terms of the Securities of such series as established as contemplated by Sections 2.01 and 3.01 hereof (to the extent not set forth in the documents
delivered pursuant to Subsection 3.03(a) or 3.03(b)) and stating that all conditions precedent provided for in this Indenture relating to the issuance of such Securities have been complied with, that no Event of Default with respect to the
Securities of any Series has occurred and is continuing and that the issuance of such Securities is not and will not result in a Default or Event of Default; and

(d) an Opinion of Counsel stating:

(i)that the form and terms of such Securities have been established as contemplated by Sections 2.01
and 3.01 in conformity with the provisions of this Indenture; and

(ii)that such Securities, when executed and delivered by the Company, and authenticated and delivered
by or on behalf of the Trustee in the manner and subject to any conditions specified in such Opinion of Counsel, will constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable in accordance with their terms, subject to such
qualifications as are set forth in such Opinion of Counsel.

The Trustee shall have the right to decline to authenticate and deliver, or cause to be authenticated and delivered, any Securities under this Section 3.03 if the Trustee,
being advised by counsel, determines that such action may not lawfully be taken or if the Trustee in good faith shall determine that such action would expose the Trustee to personal liability to existing Holders or would otherwise adversely affect
its rights, duties, obligations or immunities hereunder.

18

Each Security shall be dated the date of its authentication.

Section 3.04. Execution of Securities. The Securities shall be signed in the name and on behalf of the Company by the manual or electronic signature of an Officer of
the Company, whose signature may be imprinted or otherwise reproduced thereon, including without limitation via DocuSign. Only such Securities as shall bear thereon a certificate of authentication substantially in the form hereinbefore recited,
executed by or on behalf of the Trustee by manual signature, shall be entitled to the benefits of this Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose. Such certificate by or on behalf of the Trustee upon any Security executed by the Company
shall be conclusive evidence that the Security so authenticated has been duly authenticated and delivered hereunder and that the Holder is entitled to the benefits of this Indenture.

In case any Officer of the Company who shall have signed any of the Securities shall cease to be such Officer before the Securities so signed shall have been authenticated and delivered by or on behalf of the Trustee,
or disposed of by the Company, such Securities nevertheless may be authenticated and delivered or disposed of as though the person who signed such Securities had not ceased to be such officer of the Company; and any Security may be signed on behalf
of the Company by such persons as, at the actual date of the execution of such Security, shall be the proper officers of the Company, although at the date of the execution of this Indenture any such person was not such an officer.

Section 3.05. Exchange and Registration of Transfer of Securities. Securities of any series (except for Global Securities, which may only be exchanged in limited
circumstances described below) may be exchanged for a like aggregate principal amount of Securities of the same series of other authorized denominations. Unless otherwise established as contemplated by Section
3.01, Securities to be exchanged shall be surrendered at any of the offices or agencies of the Company maintained as provided in Section 12.02 hereof for such purpose, and the Company shall
execute and register, or cause to be registered, and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, or cause to be authenticated and delivered, in exchange therefor the Security or Securities which the Holder making such exchange shall be entitled to
receive.

Unless otherwise established as contemplated by Section 3.01, the Company shall keep at the office or agency in the same city in which the Corporate Trust Office of the
Trustee is located, a register for the Securities of each series issued hereunder (the register maintained at such office or agency and at any other office or agency of the Company in a Place of Payment being herein collectively referred to as the
Securities Register) in which, subject to such reasonable regulations as it may prescribe, the Company shall provide for the registration of Securities of such series and registration of transfer of such
Securities as provided in this Article. Such Securities Register shall be in written form or in any other form capable of being converted into written form within a reasonable time. The Trustee is hereby initially appointed Securities Registrar
for the purpose of registering Securities and registering transfers of Securities as herein provided. Upon due presentment for registration of transfer of any Security of any series at any of the offices or agencies of the Company maintained as
provided in Section 12.02 hereof for such purpose, the Company shall execute and register, or cause to be registered, and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, or cause to be authenticated and
delivered, in the name of the transferee or transferees a new Security or Securities of the same series in authorized denominations for an equal aggregate principal amount.

19

Every Security issued upon registration of transfer or exchange of Securities pursuant to this Section 3.05 shall be the valid obligation of the Company, evidencing the same
debt, and entitled to the same benefits under this Indenture, as the Security or Securities surrendered upon registration of such transfer or exchange.

All Securities presented for registration of transfer or for exchange, redemption or payment shall (if so required by the Company, the Trustee or the Securities Registrar) be duly endorsed by, or be accompanied by, a
written instrument or instruments of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company, the Trustee and the Securities Registrar duly executed by the Holder thereof or his attorney duly authorized in writing.

No service charge shall be made for any registration of transfer or exchange of Securities, but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in
connection with any registration of transfer or exchange of Securities, other than exchanges pursuant to Section 3.07, 4.07 or 11.07 hereof not involving any transfer.

The Company shall not be required (a) to issue, register the transfer of or exchange any Security of any series during a period beginning at the opening of business 15 days before the day of the delivery of a notice of
redemption of Securities of such series and ending at the close of business on the day of such delivery or (b) to register the transfer of or exchange any Security selected for redemption in whole or in part, except, in the case of any Security to
be redeemed in part, the portion thereof not to be redeemed.

Each Global Security authenticated under this Indenture shall be registered in the name of the Depositary designated for such Global Security or a nominee thereof and delivered to such Depositary or a custodian
therefor, and each such Global Security shall constitute a single Security for all purposes of this Indenture. Notwithstanding the foregoing and except as otherwise specified as contemplated by Section 3.01,
no Global Security shall be registered for transfer or exchange, or authenticated or delivered, pursuant to this Section 3.05 or Sections 3.06, 3.07, 4.07 or 11.07 in the name of a Person other than the
Depositary for such Security or its nominee until (i) the Depositary with respect to a Global Security notifies the Company in writing that it is unwilling or unable to continue as Depositary for such Global Security or the Depositary ceases to be
a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act or other applicable statute or regulation if required thereunder, and the Company notifies the Trustee that it is unable to locate a qualified successor Depositary, (ii) the Company executes and
delivers to the Trustee a Company Order that such Global Security shall be so transferable and exchangeable or (iii) there shall have occurred and be continuing an Event of Default with respect to the Securities of such series. Upon the occurrence
in respect of any Global Security of any series of any one or more of the conditions specified in clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) of the preceding sentence or such other conditions as may be specified as contemplated by Section 3.01 for such series, such Global Security may be registered for transfer or exchange for Securities registered in the names of, or authenticated and delivered to, such Persons as the Depositary with respect to such series
shall instruct the Trustee in writing. The Trustee, upon receipt of such instruction, will authenticate and deliver Securities of such series of like tenor and terms in definitive form in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount
of the Global Security or Securities representing such series in exchange for such Global Security or Securities.

20

Except as provided in the preceding paragraph, any Security authenticated and delivered upon registration of transfer or, or in exchange for, or in lieu of, any Global Security or any portion thereof, whether pursuant
to this Section 3.05, Sections 3.06, 3.07, 4.07 or 11.07 or otherwise, shall also be a Global Security. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Indenture, a Global Security may not be transferred
except as a whole by the Depositary for such Global Security to a nominee of such Depositary or to another Depositary or a nominee thereof or by a nominee of such Depositary to such Depositary or another nominee of such Depositary or to another
Depositary or a nominee thereof.

Upon such terms established as contemplated by Section 3.01 with respect to the Securities of any series, the Depositary for the Securities of such series may surrender a
Global Security for such series in exchange in whole or in part for Securities of such series of like tenor and terms and in definitive form. Thereupon the Company shall execute, and the Trustee upon receipt of a Company Order shall authenticate
and deliver, without service charge, (i) to the Depositary or to each Person specified by such Depositary a new Security or Securities of the same series, of like tenor and terms in definitive form and of any authorized denomination as requested by
such Person in aggregate principal amount equal to and in exchange for such Persons beneficial interest in the Global Security, and (ii) to such Depositary a new Global Security of like tenor and terms and in a principal amount equal to the
difference, if any, between the principal amount of the surrendered Global Security and the aggregate principal amount of Securities delivered pursuant to clause (i).

Upon the exchange of a Global Security for Securities in definitive form, such Global Security shall be cancelled by the Trustee. Definitive Securities issued in exchange for a Global Security pursuant to this Section
shall either be in global form, established as contemplated by Sections 2.01 and 3.01, or shall be registered in such names and in such authorized denominations and delivered to the Depositary or to such Persons at such addresses as the Depositary
for such Global Security, pursuant to instructions from its direct or indirect participants or otherwise, shall instruct the Trustee in writing.

The Trustee, registrar and transfer agent shall have no obligation or duty to monitor, determine or inquire as to compliance with any restrictions on transfer or exchange imposed under this Indenture or under
applicable law with respect to any transfer or exchange of any interest in any Security (including any transfers between or among Depositary participants or other beneficial owners of interests in any Global Security) other than to require delivery
of such certificates and other documentation or evidence as are expressly required by, and to do so if and when expressly required by the terms of, this Indenture, and to examine the same to determine substantial compliance as to form with the
express requirements hereof. 

Section 3.06. Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Securities. In case any temporary or definitive Security of any series shall become mutilated or be destroyed, lost
or stolen, and in the absence of notice to the Company or the Trustee that such Security has been acquired by a bona fide purchaser, the Company in the case of a mutilated Security shall, and in the case of a lost, stolen or destroyed Security may
in its discretion, execute, and upon a Company Request the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, or cause to be authenticated and delivered, a new Security of the same series bearing a number, letter or other distinguishing symbol not
contemporaneously outstanding, in exchange and substitution for the mutilated Security, or in lieu of and in substitution for the Security so destroyed, lost or stolen, or if any such Security shall have become due and payable or shall be about to
become due and payable, instead of issuing a substituted Security, the Company may pay or authorize the payment of the same without surrender thereof (except in the case of a mutilated Security). In every case the applicant for a substituted
Security shall furnish to the Company and to the Trustee such security or indemnity as may be required by them to save each of them harmless, and, in every case of destruction, loss or theft, the applicant shall also furnish to the Company and to
the Trustee evidence to their satisfaction of the destruction, loss or theft of such Security and of the ownership thereof.

21

Upon the issuance of any substituted Security under this Section 3.06, the Company may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge
that may be imposed in relation thereto and any other expenses (including the fees and expenses of the Trustee and any Authenticating Agent) connected therewith.

Every substituted Security of any series issued pursuant to the provisions of this Section 3.06 by virtue of the fact that any Security of such series is destroyed, lost or
stolen shall constitute an additional contractual obligation of the Company, whether or not the destroyed, lost or stolen Security shall be at any time enforceable by anyone, and shall be entitled to all the benefits of this Indenture equally and
proportionately with any and all other Securities of that series duly issued hereunder. All Securities shall be held and owned upon the express condition that the foregoing provisions of this Section 3.06
are exclusive with respect to the replacement or payment of mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Securities and shall preclude (to the extent lawful) any and all other rights or remedies with respect to the replacement or payment of negotiable
instruments or other securities without their surrender.

Section 3.07. Temporary Securities. Pending the preparation of definitive Securities of any series the Company may execute and the Trustee shall authenticate and
deliver, or cause to be authenticated and delivered, temporary Securities of such series (printed, lithographed, typewritten, mimeographed or otherwise produced). Temporary Securities shall be issuable in any authorized denomination and
substantially in the form of the definitive Securities in lieu of which they are issued but with such omissions, insertions and variations as may be appropriate for temporary Securities, all as may be determined by the Company with the concurrence
of the Trustee. Every such temporary Security shall be executed by the Company and shall be authenticated by or on behalf of Trustee upon the same conditions and in substantially the same manner, and with the same effect, as the definitive
Securities in lieu of which they are issued. Without unreasonable delay the Company will execute and deliver to the Trustee definitive Securities of such series and thereupon any or all temporary Securities of such series may be surrendered in
exchange therefor, at any of the offices or agencies of the Company maintained as provided in Section 12.02 hereof for such purpose, and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, or cause to be
authenticated and delivered, in exchange for such temporary Securities an equal aggregate principal amount of definitive Securities of such series. Such exchange shall be made by the Company at its own expense and without any charge therefor
except that in case of any such exchange involving any registration of transfer the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation thereto. Until so exchanged, the
temporary Securities of any series shall in all respects be entitled to the same benefits under this Indenture as definitive Securities of such series authenticated and delivered hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 3.07, Global Securities may remain in temporary form and, unless otherwise established as contemplated by Section 3.01, shall not be exchangeable for
definitive Global Securities.

22

Section 3.08. Payment of Interest; Interest Rights Preserved. The Holder at the close of business on any record date with respect to any Interest Payment Date shall be
entitled to receive the interest, if any, payable on such Interest Payment Date notwithstanding the cancellation of such Securities upon any transfer or exchange subsequent to the record date and prior to such Interest Payment Date. Except as
otherwise established as contemplated by Section 3.01 for Securities of a particular series, the term record date as used in this Section 3.08 with respect to any Interest Payment Date, shall mean the last day of the calendar month preceding such Interest Payment Date if such Interest Payment Date is the fifteenth day of the calendar month, and shall mean the
fifteenth day of the calendar month preceding such Interest Payment Date if such Interest Payment Date is the first day of the calendar month, whether or not such day shall be a Business Day.

If and to the extent the Company shall default in the payment of the interest due on such Interest Payment Date, such defaulted interest (herein called Defaulted Interest)
shall forthwith cease to be payable to the registered Holder on such record date by virtue of having been such Holder; and such Defaulted Interest shall be paid by the Company, at its election in each case, as provided in clause (a) or (b) below:

(a) The Company may make payment of any Defaulted Interest to the Holders entitled thereto at the close of business on a subsequent record date established in the following manner. The Company shall notify
the Trustee in writing of the amount of Defaulted Interest proposed to be paid on each applicable Security and the date of the proposed payment, and at the same time the Company shall deposit with the Trustee an amount of money equal to the
aggregate amount proposed to be paid in respect of such Defaulted Interest or shall make arrangements satisfactory to the Trustee for such deposit prior to the date of the proposed payment, such money when deposited to be held in trust for the
benefit of the Holders entitled to such Defaulted Interest as in this clause (a) provided. Thereupon the Trustee shall fix a record date for the payment of such Defaulted Interest which shall not be more than 15 days and not less than 10 days
prior to the date of the proposed payment and not less than 10 days after the receipt by the Trustee of the notice of the proposed payment. The Trustee shall promptly notify the Company of such record date and, in the name and at the expense of
the Company, shall cause notice of the proposed payment of such Defaulted Interest and the record date therefor to be delivered electronically or mailed first-class postage prepaid, to each Holder entitled thereto at his address as it appears on
the Securities Register, not less than 10 days prior to such record date. Notice of the proposed payment of such Defaulted Interest and the record date therefor having been mailed as aforesaid, such Defaulted Interest shall be paid to the Holders
of applicable Securities at the close of business on such record date (notwithstanding the cancellation of such Securities upon any transfer or exchange subsequent to such record date and prior to such payment) and shall no longer be payable
pursuant to the following clause (b).

23

(b) The Company may make payment of any Defaulted Interest on the Securities of any series in any other lawful manner not inconsistent with the requirements of any securities exchange on which the Securities
of such series may be listed, and upon such notice as may be required by such exchange, if, after notice given by the Company to the Trustee of the proposed payment pursuant to this clause (b), such manner of payment shall be deemed practicable by
the Trustee. Subject to the foregoing provisions of this Section 3.08, each Security delivered under this Indenture upon registration of transfer of or in exchange for or in lieu of any other Security
shall carry the rights to interest accrued and unpaid, and to accrue, which were carried by such other Security.

Section 3.09. Persons Deemed Owners. Prior to the due presentment for registration of transfer, the Company, the Trustee and any agent of the Company or the Trustee may
treat the Person in whose name any Security is registered as the owner of such Security for the purpose of receiving payment of principal of and premium, if any and (subject to Section 3.08 hereof)
interest, if any, on such Security and for all other purposes whatsoever, whether or not such Security be overdue, and neither the Company, the Trustee nor any agent of the Company or the Trustee shall be affected by notice to the contrary.

None of the Company, the Trustee, any Paying Agent or the Securities Registrar shall have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial ownership
interests in a Global Security or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests and they shall be protected in acting or refraining from acting on any such information provided by the
Depositary.

Section 3.10. Cancellation. All Securities surrendered for the purpose of payment, redemption, exchange or registration of transfer or for credit against any sinking
fund shall, if surrendered to the Company or any Paying Agent or any Securities Registrar, be surrendered to the Trustee and promptly cancelled by it, or, if surrendered to the Trustee, shall be promptly cancelled by it, and no Securities shall be
issued in lieu thereof except as expressly permitted by any of the provisions of this Indenture. The Trustee shall dispose of cancelled Securities and deliver a certificate of such disposal to the Company upon its request therefor unless, by a
Company Order, the Company directs that such cancelled Securities be returned to it. If the Company shall acquire any of the Securities, however, such acquisition shall not operate as a redemption or satisfaction of the indebtedness represented by
such Securities unless and until the same are surrendered to the Trustee for cancellation.

Section 3.11. Computation of Interest. Except as otherwise established as contemplated by Section 3.01 hereof for Securities
of any series, interest on the Securities shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months.

Section 3.12. CUSIP. The Company in issuing the Securities may use CUSIP numbers (if then generally in use), and, if so, the Trustee shall use CUSIP numbers in
notices of redemption as a convenience to Holders; provided that any such notice may state that no representation is made as to the correctness of such numbers either as printed on the Securities or as
contained in any notice of a redemption and that reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers printed on the Securities, and any such redemption shall not be affected by any defect in or omission of such numbers. The Company
will promptly notify the Trustee in writing of any change in the CUSIP numbers.

24

ARTICLE FOUR

REDEMPTION OF SECURITIES

Section 4.01. Applicability of Article. The provisions of this Article shall be applicable to all Securities which are redeemable before their Stated Maturity except as
otherwise established as contemplated by Section 3.01 hereof for Securities of any series.

Section 4.02. Election to Redeem; Notice to Trustee. In case of any redemption at the election of the Company of less than all of the Securities of a series, the
Company shall, at least five Business Days prior to the date chosen for giving such notice to the Holders (unless the Trustee shall agree to a shorter period), deliver to the Trustee an Officers Certificate setting forth such Redemption Date, the
principal amount of Securities of such series to be redeemed and that such redemption complies with the conditions under this Indenture.

Section 4.03. Selection by Trustee of Securities to Be Redeemed. If less than all the Securities of any series are to be redeemed, the particular Securities of such
series to be redeemed shall be selected not more than 60 days prior to the Redemption Date, from the Outstanding Securities of such series not previously called for redemption, by such method as the Trustee shall deem fair and appropriate and in
accordance with applicable Depositary procedures and which may provide for the selection for redemption of portions (equal to the minimum authorized denomination for Securities of such series or any integral multiple thereof) of the principal of
Securities of a denomination greater than the minimum authorized denomination for Securities of such series.

For all purposes of this Indenture, unless the context otherwise requires, all provisions relating to the redemption of Securities shall relate, in the case of any Security redeemed or to be redeemed only in part, to
the portion of the principal amount of such Security which has been or is to be redeemed, whether or not such provisions so provide.

Section 4.04. Notice of Redemption. At least 15 days but not more than 60 days before a date for redemption of any Security of any series, the Company shall mail by
first-class mail or electronically deliver a notice of redemption to each Holder of such Securities of such series to be redeemed at its registered address. Notice of any redemption may, at the Companys discretion, be subject to one or more
conditions precedent. In addition, if such redemption is subject to satisfaction of one or more conditions precedent, such notice shall state that, in the Companys discretion, the Redemption Date may be delayed until such time as any or all such
conditions shall be satisfied, or such redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied by the Redemption Date, or by the Redemption Date so delayed.

The notice shall identify the Securities of any series to be redeemed and shall state:

(a) the aggregate amount of Securities of such series to be redeemed;

(b) the Redemption Date;

25

(c) the Redemption Price (or the method of calculating such price) and the amount of accrued interest to be paid, if any;

(d) the name and address of the Paying Agent;

(e) that Securities of such series called for redemption must be surrendered to the Paying Agent to collect the Redemption Price plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any;

(f) if fewer than all the outstanding Securities of such series are to be redeemed, the certificate number (if certificated) and principal amounts of the particular Securities of such series to be redeemed;

(g) that, unless the Company defaults in making such redemption payment, interest on Securities of such series (or portion thereof) called for redemption ceases to accrue on and after the Redemption Date;

(h) the CUSIP number, or any similar number, if any, printed on the Securities being redeemed;

(i) that no representation is made as to the correctness or accuracy of the CUSIP number, or any similar number, if any, listed in such notice or printed on the Securities of such series; and

(j) any condition precedent to such redemption.

At the Companys written request (which may be rescinded or revoked at any time prior to the time at which the Trustee shall have given such notice to the Holders), the Trustee shall give the notice of redemption in
the name of the Company and at the Companys expense. In such event, the Company shall provide the Trustee with the information required by this Section 4.04 at least five Business Days prior to the date chosen for giving such notice to the
Holders (unless the Trustee shall agree to a shorter period). The notice, if mailed or electronically delivered in the manner herein provided, shall be conclusively presumed to have been given, whether or not the Holder receives such notice. In
any case, failure to give such notice by mail or electronic delivery or any defect in the notice to the Holder of any Security of any series designated for redemption as a whole or in part shall not affect the validity of the proceedings for the
redemption of any other Securities of any series.

Section 4.05. Deposit of Redemption Price. By no later than 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the Redemption Date, the Company shall deposit with the Paying Agent (or,
if the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is the Paying Agent, shall segregate and hold in trust) an amount of money sufficient to pay the Redemption Price of and accrued and unpaid interest on all Securities to be redeemed on that date other than
Securities or portions of Securities called for redemption which are owned by the Company or a Subsidiary and have been delivered by the Company or such Subsidiary to the Trustee for cancellation. All money, if any, earned on funds held by the
Paying Agent shall be remitted to the Company. In addition, the Paying Agent shall promptly return to the Company any money deposited with the Paying Agent by the Company in excess of the amounts necessary to pay the Redemption Price of, and
accrued interest, if any, on, all Securities to be redeemed.

26

Unless the Company defaults in the payment of such Redemption Price, interest on the Securities or portions of Securities to be redeemed shall cease to accrue on and after the applicable Redemption Date, whether or not
such Securities are presented for payment.

Section 4.06. Securities Payable on Redemption Date. Once notice of redemption is mailed or electronically delivered in accordance with Section 4.04, subject to the
satisfaction of any conditions precedent set forth in such notice, Securities called for redemption shall become due and payable on the Redemption Date and at the Redemption Price as stated in the notice. Upon surrender to the Paying Agent on or
after the Redemption Date, such Securities shall be paid at the Redemption Price stated in the notice, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the Redemption Date; provided that the Company shall have deposited
the Redemption Price with the Paying Agent or the Trustee on or before 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the date of redemption. Failure to give notice or any defect in the notice to any Holder shall not affect the validity of the notice to any
other Holder. Holders of record on the relevant record date shall be entitled to receive interest due on an interest payment date occurring on or prior to a Redemption Date.

Section 4.07. Securities Redeemed in Part. Upon surrender of a Security that is redeemed in part, the Company shall execute and the Trustee shall authenticate for the
Holder thereof (at the Companys expense) a new Security, equal in principal amount to the unredeemed portion of the Security surrendered; provided that each new Security shall be in a minimum denomination
or an integral multiple in excess thereof as contemplated by Section 3.01 or Section 3.02.

ARTICLE FIVE

SINKING FUNDS

Section 5.01. Applicability of Article. The provisions of this Article Five shall be applicable to any sinking fund for the retirement of Securities except as otherwise
established as contemplated by Section 3.01 for Securities of any series.

The minimum amount of any sinking fund payment established as contemplated by Section 3.01 for Securities of any series is herein referred to as a mandatory sinking fund
payment, and any permitted payment in excess of such minimum amount established as contemplated by Section 3.01 for Securities of any series is herein referred to as an optional sinking fund payment.

Section 5.02. Satisfaction of Mandatory Sinking Fund Payments with Securities. In lieu of making all or any part of any mandatory sinking fund payment with respect to
any Securities of a series in cash, the Company may at its option (a) deliver to the Trustee Securities of that series theretofore purchased or otherwise acquired by the Company, or (b) receive credit for the principal amount of Securities of that
series which have been redeemed either at the election of the Company pursuant to the terms of such Securities or through the application of permitted optional sinking fund payments pursuant to the terms of such Securities; provided that such Securities have not been previously so credited. Such Securities shall be received and credited for such purpose by the Trustee at the Redemption Price specified in such Securities for
redemption through operation of the sinking fund and the amount of such mandatory sinking fund payment shall be reduced accordingly.

27

Section 5.03. Redemption of Securities for Sinking Fund. Not less than 15 days prior to each sinking fund payment date for the Securities of any series, the Company will
deliver to the Trustee a certificate signed by an Officer of the Company specifying the amount of such next ensuing mandatory sinking fund payment, the portion thereof, if any, which is to be satisfied by payment of cash and the portion thereof, if
any, which is to be satisfied by delivering and crediting Securities of such series pursuant to Section 5.02 (which Securities will accompany such certificate) and whether the Company intends to make any permitted optional sinking fund payment in
connection therewith. Such certificate shall also state that no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing with respect to Securities of such series. Such certificate shall be irrevocable and upon its delivery the Company shall be obligated to
make the cash payment or payments therein referred to, if any, on or before the next succeeding sinking fund payment date. In the case of the failure of the Company to deliver such certificate when due (or to deliver the Securities specified in this
Section 5.03) the sinking fund payment due on the next succeeding sinking fund payment date for Securities of that series shall be paid entirely in cash and shall be sufficient to redeem the principal amount of such Securities subject to a mandatory
sinking fund payment without the option to deliver or credit Securities as provided in Section 5.02 and without the right to make any optional sinking fund payment, in connection therewith.

Any sinking fund payment or payments (mandatory or optional) with respect to the Securities of any particular series made in cash plus any unused balance of any preceding sinking fund payments with respect to Securities
of such series made in cash which shall equal or exceed $100,000 or the equivalent thereof in the Foreign Currency in which such series is denominated (or a lesser sum if the Company shall so request) shall be applied by the Trustee on the sinking
fund payment date on which such payment is made (or, if such payment is made before a sinking fund payment date, on the sinking fund payment date following the date of such payment) to the redemption of such Securities at the Redemption Price
specified in such Securities for operation of the sinking fund together with accrued interest, if any, to the date fixed for redemption. Any sinking fund moneys not so applied or allocated by the Trustee to the redemption of such Securities shall be
added to the next cash sinking fund payment received by the Trustee for Securities of such series and, together with such payment, shall be applied in accordance with the provisions of this Section 5.03. Any and all sinking fund moneys with respect
to the Securities of any particular series held by the Trustee on the last sinking fund payment date with respect to Securities of such series and not held for the payment or redemption of particular Securities shall be applied by the Trustee,
together with other moneys, if necessary, to be deposited sufficient for the purpose, to the payment of the principal of the Securities of such series at Maturity.

The Trustee shall select the Securities to be redeemed upon such sinking fund payment date in the manner specified in the first paragraph of Section 4.03 hereof and the Company shall cause notice of the redemption
thereof to be given in the manner provided in Section 4.04 hereof. Such notice having been duly given, the redemption of such Securities shall be made upon the terms and in the manner stated in Sections 4.06 and 4.07 hereof.

On or before any sinking fund payment date, the Company shall deposit with the Trustee an amount of money sufficient to pay any interest accrued to the Redemption Date for Securities or portions thereof to be redeemed on
such sinking fund payment date pursuant to this Section 5.03.

28

The Trustee shall not redeem any Securities of any series with sinking fund moneys or deliver any notice of redemption of Securities of such series by operation of the sinking fund therefor during the continuance of a
default in payment of interest on Securities of such series or of any Event of Default (other than an Event of Default occurring as a consequence of this paragraph) with respect to Securities of such series, except that if the notice of redemption of
any Securities of such series shall theretofore have been mailed in accordance with the provisions hereof, the Trustee shall redeem such Securities if cash sufficient for that purpose shall be deposited with the Trustee for that purpose in accordance
with the terms of this Article Five. Except as aforesaid, any moneys in the sinking fund for Securities of such series at the time when any such default or Event of Default shall occur and any moneys thereafter paid into such sinking fund shall,
during the continuance of such default or Event of Default, be held as security for the payment of such Securities; provided, however, that in case such Event of
Default or default shall have been cured or waived as, provided herein, such moneys shall thereafter be applied on the next sinking fund payment date for such Securities on which such moneys may be applied pursuant to the provisions of this
Section 5.03.

ARTICLE SIX

DISCHARGE OF INDENTURE; DEFEASANCE

Section 6.01. Discharge of Liability on Securities; Defeasance.

(a) With respect to any Securities of or within a series, when (i) the Company delivers to the Trustee all Outstanding Securities of such series that have not already been delivered to the Trustee for
cancellation or (ii) (A) all Outstanding Securities have become due and payable, whether at maturity, as a result of repayment at the option of the Holders or as a result of the mailing or electronic delivery of a notice of redemption pursuant to
Article Four hereof or (B) the Securities of such series shall become due and payable at their Stated Maturity within one year, or the Securities of such series are to be called for redemption within one year under arrangements satisfactory to the
Trustee for the giving of notice of redemption by the Trustee in the name, and at the expense, of the Company, and, in each case of this clause (ii), the Company irrevocably deposits or causes to be deposited with the Trustee in trust funds in U.S.
dollars in an amount sufficient, or U.S. Government Obligations, which through the scheduled payment of principal of and interest thereon will be sufficient, or a combination thereof sufficient, without reinvestment, in the written opinion of a
nationally recognized firm of independent accounts (which need not be provided if only U.S. dollars shall have been deposited), to pay at maturity or upon redemption all Outstanding Securities of such series, including interest thereon to maturity or
such Redemption Date, and if in the case of either clause (i) or (ii) the Company pays all other sums payable hereunder by the Company, then this Indenture shall, subject to Section 6.01(c), cease to be of further effect. The Trustee shall
acknowledge satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture on demand of the Company accompanied by an Officers Certificate from the Company and an Opinion of Counsel from the Company that all conditions precedent provided herein relating to
satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture have been complied with.

29

(b) Subject to Sections 6.01(c) and 6.02, the Company at any time may terminate (i) all of its obligations under the Securities of any series and this Indenture (legal
defeasance option) or (ii) the operation of Sections 7.01(d), 7.01(e), 7.01(f) and 7.01(i) (covenant defeasance option) and, if specified pursuant to Section3.01, its obligations under any other covenant. The Company may exercise its legal defeasance option notwithstanding its prior exercise of its covenant defeasance option.

If the Company exercises its legal defeasance option with respect to the Securities of any series, payment of the Securities of such series may not be accelerated because of an Event of Default. If the Company exercises
its covenant defeasance option, payment of the Securities may not be accelerated because of an Event of Default specified in Sections 7.01(d), 7.01(e), 7.01(f) and 7.01(i).

Upon satisfaction of the conditions set forth herein and upon request of the Company, the Trustee shall acknowledge in writing the discharge of those obligations that the Company terminates.

(c) Notwithstanding clauses (a) and (b) above, the Companys obligations in Sections 3.06, 6.04, 6.05, 6.06, 8.07, 8.10, 12.01, 12.02 and 12.04 shall survive until the Securities of such series have been paid in
full. Thereafter, the Companys and the Trustees obligations in Sections 6.04, 6.05 and 8.07 shall survive such satisfaction and discharge.

Section 6.02. Conditions to Defeasance. The Company may exercise its legal defeasance option or its covenant defeasance option with respect to a series of Securities
only if:

(a) the Company irrevocably deposits or causes to be deposited in trust with the Trustee funds in U.S. dollars in an amount sufficient, or U.S. Government Obligations, which through the scheduled payment of
principal of and interest thereon will be sufficient, or a combination thereof sufficient, without reinvestment to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest when due on all Outstanding Securities of such series (except Securities replaced
pursuant to Section3.06) to maturity or redemption, as the case may be;

(b) unless only U.S. dollars shall have been so deposited, the Company delivers to the Trustee a certificate from a nationally recognized firm of independent accountants expressing their written opinion that the
scheduled payments of principal and interest on the deposited U.S. Government Obligations plus any deposited money shall be sufficient, without reinvestment, to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest when due on all Outstanding Securities
of such series to maturity or redemption, as the case may be;

(c) 91 days pass after the deposit is made and during the 91-day period no default specified in Section7.01(g) or
Section 7.01(h) occurs which is continuing at the end of the period;

30

(d) the Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate stating that the deposit was not made by the Company with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any creditors of
the Company or any Subsidiary Guarantors;

(e) in the case of the legal defeasance option, the Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an Opinion of Counsel stating that (i) the Company has received from, or there has been published by, the Internal
Revenue Service a ruling, or (ii) since the date of this Indenture there has been a change in the applicable federal income tax law, in either case to the effect that, and based thereon such Opinion of Counsel shall confirm that, the Holders of
Securities of such series will not recognize income, gain or loss for federal income tax purposes as a result of such deposit and defeasance and will be subject to federal income tax on the same amounts, in the same manner and at the same times as
would have been the case if such deposit and defeasance had not occurred;

(f) in the case of the covenant defeasance option, the Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an Opinion of Counsel to the effect that the Holders of Securities of such series will not recognize income,
gain or loss for federal income tax purposes as a result of such deposit and defeasance and will be subject to federal income tax on the same amounts, in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if such deposit and defeasance
had not occurred; and

(g) the Company delivers to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that all conditions precedent to the defeasance and discharge of the Securities as contemplated by this
Article Six have been complied with.

Before or after a deposit, the Company may make arrangements satisfactory to the Trustee for the redemption of Securities at a future date in accordance with Article Four.

Section 6.03. Application of Trust Money. The Trustee shall hold in trust money or U.S. Government Obligations deposited with it pursuant to this Article Six. It shall
apply the deposited money and the money from U.S. Government Obligations (including the proceeds thereof) either directly or through the Paying Agent as the Trustee may determine and in accordance with this Indenture to the payment of principal of,
premium, if any, and interest on the Securities.

Section 6.04. Repayment to the Company. The Trustee and the Paying Agent shall promptly turn over to the Company upon request any excess money or securities held by them
at any time.

Subject to any applicable abandoned property law, the Trustee and the Paying Agent shall pay to the Company upon written request any money held by them for the payment of principal or interest that remains unclaimed for
two years after the date of payment of such principal and interest, and, thereafter, Holders of Securities of the applicable series entitled to the money must look to the Company for payment as general creditors.

Any unclaimed funds held by the Trustee pursuant to this Section 6.04 shall be held uninvested and without any liability for interest.

31

Section 6.05. Indemnity for Government Obligations. The Company shall pay and shall indemnify the Trustee against any tax, fee or other charge imposed on or assessed
against deposited U.S. Government Obligations or the principal and interest received on such U.S. Government Obligations other than any such tax, fee or other charge which by law is for the account of the Holders of the defeased Securities; provided
that the Trustee shall be entitled to charge any such tax, fee or other charge to such Holders account.

Section 6.06. Reinstatement. If the Trustee or Paying Agent is unable to apply any money or U.S. Government Obligations in accordance with this Article Six by reason of
any legal proceeding or by reason of any order or judgment of any court or governmental authority enjoining, restraining or otherwise prohibiting such application, the Companys obligations under this Indenture and the Securities of the applicable
series shall be revived and reinstated as though no deposit had occurred pursuant to this Article Six until such time as the Trustee or Paying Agent is permitted to apply all such money or U.S. Government Obligations in accordance with this
Article Six; provided, however, that (a) if the Company has made any payment of interest on or principal of any Securities following the reinstatement of its
obligations, the Company shall be subrogated to the rights of the Holders of such Securities to receive such payment from the money or U.S. Government Obligations held by the Trustee or Paying Agent and (b) unless otherwise required by any legal
proceeding or any order or judgment of any court or governmental authority, the Trustee or Paying Agent shall return all such money and U.S. Government Obligations to the Company promptly after receiving a written request therefor at any time, if
such reinstatement of the Companys obligations has occurred and continues to be in effect.

ARTICLE SEVEN

REMEDIES

Section 7.01. Events of Default.

Event of Default whenever used herein with respect to Securities of any series means any one of the following events and such other events as may be established with respect to
the Securities of such series as contemplated by Section 3.01 hereof, continued for the period of time, if any, and after the giving of notice, if any, designated herein or therein, as the case may be, unless the same is either not applicable to the
Securities of such series or is deleted or modified in the terms of the Securities of such series established as contemplated by Section 3.01 hereof:

(a) there is a default in any payment of interest on any Security of such series when the same becomes due and payable, and such default continues for 30 days;

(b) there is a default in the payment of the principal or premium, if any, of any Security of such series when the same becomes due and payable at its Stated Maturity, upon optional redemption or otherwise;

(c) there is a default in the making or satisfaction of any sinking fund payment or analogous obligation when the same becomes due and payable by the terms of the Securities of such series;

32

(d) the Company or, if Guarantees are issued, any Subsidiary Guarantor fails to comply with any of its agreements in respect of the Securities of such series contained in this Indenture or in such Securities
(other than those referred to in clauses (a), (b) and (c)) or established as contemplated by Section3.01 hereof for the Securities of such series, and such failure
continues for 90 days after the notice specified below;

(e) there is a failure to make any payment at maturity, including any applicable grace period, in respect of Indebtedness of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Indebtedness of the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries owing to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries) in an amount in excess of $100,000,000 or the equivalent thereof in any other currency or composite currency and such failure shall have continued for 30 days after the notice
specified below; provided, however, that if any such failure shall cease, or be cured, waived, rescinded or annulled, then the Event of Default by reason thereof
shall be deemed likewise to have been cured;

(f) there is a default with respect to any Indebtedness of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Indebtedness of the Company or of any of its Subsidiaries owing to the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries), which default results in the acceleration of such Indebtedness in an amount in excess of $100,000,000 or the equivalent thereof in any other currency or composite currency without such Indebtedness having been discharged or such
acceleration having been cured, waived, rescinded or annulled for a period of 30 days after the notice specified below; provided, however, that if any such default or
acceleration shall be cured, waived, rescinded or annulled, then the Event of Default by reason thereof shall be deemed likewise to have been cured;

(g) the Company or, if Guarantees are issued, any Subsidiary Guarantor, pursuant to or within the meaning of any Bankruptcy Law:

(i) commences a voluntary case;

(ii) consents to the entry of an order for relief against it in an involuntary case in which it is the debtor;

(iii) consents to the appointment of a Custodian of it or for any substantial part of its property; or

(iv) makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors;

or takes any comparable action under any foreign laws relating to insolvency;

(h) a court of competent jurisdiction enters an order or decree under any Bankruptcy Law that:

(i) is for relief against the Company or, if Guarantees are issued, any Subsidiary Guarantor in an involuntary case;

(ii) appoints a Custodian of the Company or for any substantial part of the property of the Company or, if Guarantees are issued, any Subsidiary Guarantor; or

33

(iii) orders the winding up or liquidation of the Company or, if Guarantees are issued, any Subsidiary Guarantor;

(or any similar relief is granted under any foreign laws) and the order, decree or relief remains unstayed and in effect for 60 consecutive days; or

(i) if Guarantees are issued, the Guarantee of any Subsidiary Guarantor ceases to be in full force and effect during its term or such Subsidiary Guarantor denies or disaffirms in writing its obligations under
the terms of this Indenture or its Guarantee, in each case, other than any such cessation, denial or disaffirmation in connection with the termination of such Guarantee pursuant to the provisions of Article Thirteen.

The foregoing will constitute Events of Default whatever the reason for any such Event of Default and whether it is voluntary or involuntary or is effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order
of any court or any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body.

The term Bankruptcy Law means Title 11, United States Code, or any similar Federal or state law for the relief of debtors. The term Custodian
means any receiver, trustee, assignee, liquidator, custodian or similar official under any Bankruptcy Law.

If any failure, default or acceleration referred to in clause (e) or (f) above shall cease or be cured, waived, rescinded or annulled, then the Event of Default hereunder by reason thereof shall be deemed likewise to
have been thereupon cured.

A Default with respect to Securities of such series under clause (d), (e) or (f) of this Section7.01 is not an Event of Default until
the Trustee (by notice to the Company) or the Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of such series (by notice to the Company and to the Trustee) gives notice of the Default and the Company does not cure
such Default within the time specified in said clause (d), (e) or (f) after receipt of such notice. Such notice must specify the Default, demand that it be remedied and state that such notice is a Notice of Default.

The Company shall deliver to the Trustee, within 30 days after the occurrence thereof, written notice in the form of an Officers Certificate of any event which with the giving of notice or the lapse of time would become
an Event of Default, its status and what action the Company is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto.

Section 7.02. Acceleration of Maturity; Rescission and Annulment. If an Event of Default with respect to the Securities of any series at the time outstanding (other than
an Event of Default specified in Section7.01(g) or Section 7.01(h) with respect to the Company) occurs and is continuing, the Trustee by notice to the Company, or
the Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of such series by notice to the Company and the Trustee, may, and the Trustee at the request of such Holders, shall, declare the principal of (or, if the
Securities of such series are Original Issue Discount Securities, such portion of the principal amount as may be specified in the terms of such series), premium, if any, and accrued and unpaid interest on all the Securities of such series to be due
and payable. Upon such a declaration, such principal, premium, if any, and accrued and unpaid interest shall be due and payable immediately.

34

If an Event of Default with respect to Securities of any series at the time outstanding specified in Section7.01(g) or Section 7.01(h)
with respect to the Company occurs and is continuing, the principal of (or, if the Securities of such series are Original Issue Discount Securities, such portion of the principal amount as may be specified in the terms of such series), premium, if
any, and accrued and unpaid interest on all of the Securities of such series shall ipso facto become and be immediately due and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the Trustee or any Holders.

The Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of such series, by notice to the Trustee may waive all defaults with respect to such Securities and rescind and annul such declaration
and its consequences and rescind an acceleration and its consequences if all existing Events of Default with respect to Securities of such series have been cured or waived except nonpayment of principal of, premium, if any, or interest on such
Securities that has become due solely because of such acceleration. No such waiver and rescission shall affect any subsequent default or impair any right consequent thereon.

Section 7.03. Collection of Indebtedness and Suits for Enforcement by Trustee. The Company covenants that if

(a) default is made in the payment of any installment of interest on any Security of any series when such interest becomes due and payable and such default continues for a period of 30 days,

(b) default is made in the payment of all or any part of the principal of (or premium, if any, on) any Security of any series at the Maturity thereof, or

(c) default is made in the making or satisfaction of any sinking fund payment or analogous obligation when the same becomes due pursuant to the terms of the Securities of any series established as contemplated
by Section3.01,

the Company will, upon demand of the Trustee, pay to the Trustee, for the benefit of the Holder of any such Security (or Holders of Securities of any such series in the case of clause (c) above), the whole amount then due and payable on any such
Security (or Securities of any such series in the case of clause (c) above) for principal, premium, if any, and interest, if any, with interest upon the overdue principal (and premium, if any) and, to the extent that payment of such interest shall be
legally enforceable, upon any overdue installment of interest, at the Overdue Rate of any such Security (or Securities of any such series in the case of clause (c) above); and, in addition thereto, such further amount as shall be sufficient to cover
the costs and expenses of collection, including the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of such Trustee, its agents and counsel, and all other amounts owing the Trustee under Section8.07.

If the Company fails to pay such amounts forthwith upon such demand, the Trustee, in its own name and as trustee of an express trust, may institute a judicial proceeding for the collection of the sums so due and unpaid,
and may prosecute such proceeding to judgment or final decrees, and may enforce the same against the Company or any other obligor upon such Securities and collect the moneys adjudged or decreed to be payable in the manner provided by law out of the
property of the Company or any other obligor upon such Securities, wherever situated.

35

If an Event of Default occurs and is continuing with respect to the Securities of any series, the Trustee may in its discretion proceed to protect and enforce its rights and the rights of the Holders of the Securities of
such series by such appropriate judicial proceedings as such Trustee shall deem necessary to protect and enforce any such rights, whether for the specific enforcement of any covenant or agreement in this Indenture or in aid of the exercise of any
power granted herein, or to enforce any other proper remedy.

Section 7.04. Trustee May File Proofs of Claim. The Trustee may file such proofs of claim and other papers or documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have
the claims of the Trustee (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel) and the Holders of any Securities of any series allowed in any judicial proceedings relative
to the Company, its creditors or any other obligor upon the Securities, or any of their creditors or the property of the Company or such other obligor or their creditors and, unless prohibited by law or applicable regulations, may vote on behalf of
the Holders of any Securities of any series in any election of a trustee in bankruptcy or other Person performing similar functions, and any Custodian in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Holder of any Securities of any series
to make payments to the Trustee and, in the event that the Trustee shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Holders of any Securities of any series, to pay to the Trustee any amount due it for the reasonable compensation,
expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and its counsel, and any other amounts due the Trustee under Section8.07.

Section 7.05. Trustee May Enforce Claims without Possession of Securities. All rights of action and claims under this Indenture or the Securities of any series may be
prosecuted and enforced by the Trustee without the possession of any of the Securities of such series or the production thereof in any proceeding relating thereto, and any such proceeding instituted by the Trustee shall be brought in its own name as
trustee of an express trust, and any recovery of judgment shall, after provision for the payment of the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel, be for the ratable benefit of the Holders of
the Securities in respect of which such judgment has been recovered.

Section 7.06. Application of Money Collected. Any money or other property collected by the Trustee pursuant to Article Seven hereof, or any money or other property
otherwise distributable in respect of the Companys obligations under this Indenture, shall be applied in the following order:

FIRST: to the Trustee (including any predecessor Trustee) for amounts due under Section8.07 hereof;

SECOND: to Holders of any Securities of any series for amounts due and unpaid on such Securities for principal, premium, if any, and interest, ratably, without preference or priority of any kind, according to the
amounts due and payable on such Securities for principal, premium, if any, and interest, respectively; and

THIRD: to the Company.

36

The Trustee may, upon prior written notice to the Company, fix a record date and payment date for any payment to Holders of any Securities of any series pursuant to this Section 7.06. At least 15 days before such record
date, the Company shall mail or electronically deliver to each such Holder and the Trustee a notice that states the record date, the payment date and amount to be paid.

Section 7.07. Limitation on Suits. A Holder of any Security of any series may not pursue any remedy with respect to this Indenture or such Security unless:

(a) an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and such Holder gives to the Trustee prior written notice stating that an Event of Default with respect to the Securities of such series is
continuing;

(b) the Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of such series shall make a written request to the Trustee to pursue the remedy;

(c) such Holder or Holders offer to the Trustee security or indemnity satisfactory to it against any costs, liabilities or expenses in compliance with such request;

(d) the Trustee does not comply with the request within 60 days after receipt of the request and the offer of security or indemnity; and

(e) the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of such series do not give the Trustee a direction inconsistent with the request during such 60-day period.

A Holder of a Security of such series may not use this Indenture to prejudice the rights of another Holder of a Security of such series or to obtain a preference or priority over another Holder of a Security of such series.

Section 7.08. Unconditional Right of Holders to Receive Principal, Premium and Interest. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Indenture, the right of any Holder of
a Security of any series to receive payment of principal of, premium, if any, and interest on the Securities of such series held by such Holder, on or after the respective due dates expressed or provided for in the Securities of such series, or to
bring suit for the enforcement of any such payment on or after such respective dates, shall not be impaired or affected without the consent of such Holder.

Section 7.09. Restoration of Rights and Remedies. If the Trustee or any Holder has instituted any proceeding to enforce any right or remedy under this Indenture and such
proceeding has been discontinued or abandoned for any reason, or has been determined adversely to the Trustee or to such Holder, then and in every such case the Company, the Trustee and such Holder shall, subject to any determination in such
proceeding, be restored severally and respectively to their former positions hereunder, and thereafter all rights and remedies of such Trustee and such Holder shall continue as though no such proceeding had been instituted.

37

Section 7.10. Rights and Remedies Cumulative. No right or remedy herein conferred upon or reserved to the Trustee or to the Holders of the Securities of any series is
intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every right and remedy shall, to the extent permitted by law, be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or
otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other appropriate right or remedy. 

Section 7.11. Delay or Omission Not Waiver. No delay or omission of the Trustee or of the Holders of the Securities of any series to exercise any right or remedy accruing
upon any Event of Default shall impair any such right or remedy or constitute a waiver of any such Event of Default or an acquiescence therein. Every right and remedy given by this Article Seven or by law to the Trustee or to such Holders may be
exercised from time to time, and as often as may be deemed expedient, by the Trustee or by such Holders, as the case may be.

Section 7.12. Control by Holders. Upon provision of security or indemnity satisfactory to the Trustee, the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the
Outstanding Securities of any series may direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee with respect to such Securities or of exercising any trust or power conferred on the Trustee. However,
the Trustee, which may conclusively rely on opinions of counsel, may refuse to follow any direction that conflicts with law or this Indenture or that the Trustee determines is unduly prejudicial to the rights of other Holders of Securities of such
series or would involve the Trustee in personal liability; provided, however, that the Trustee may take any other action deemed proper by the Trustee that is not
inconsistent with such direction (it being understood that the Trustee shall not have an affirmative duty to ascertain whether or not any actions or forbearances taken or suffered in accordance with such direction are unduly prejudicial to Holders of
such Securities of such series not joining in such direction).

Section 7.13. Waiver of Past Defaults. The Holders of no less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of any series by notice to the
Trustee may, on behalf of the Holders of such Outstanding Securities, waive any past or existing default or Event of Default and its consequences except (1) a default or Event of Default in the payment of the principal of, premium, if any, or
interest on a Security of such series or (2) a default or Event of Default in respect of a provision that under Section 11.02 cannot be amended without the consent of each Holder of each such Outstanding Security affected. When a default or Event of
Default is waived, such default or Event of Default shall cease to exist, and any default or Event of Default arising therefrom shall be deemed to have been cured, for every purpose of this Indenture, but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent
or other default or Event of Default or impair any consequent right.

Section 7.14. Undertaking for Costs. In any suit for the enforcement of any right or remedy under this Indenture or in any suit against the Trustee for any action taken or
omitted by it as Trustee, a court in its discretion may require the filing by any party litigant in the suit of an undertaking to pay the costs of the suit, and the court in its discretion may assess reasonable costs, including reasonable attorneys
fees and expenses, against any party litigant in the suit, having due regard to the merits and good faith of the claims or defenses made by the party litigant. This Section 7.14 does not apply to a suit by the Trustee, a suit by a Holder pursuant to
Section 7.08 or a suit by Holders of more than 10% in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of any series.

38

Section 7.15. Waiver of Stay or Extension Laws. The Company (to the extent it may lawfully do so) shall not at any time insist upon, or plead, or in any manner whatsoever
claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any stay or extension law wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, which may affect the covenants or the performance of this Indenture; and the Company (to the extent that it may lawfully do
so) hereby expressly waives all benefit or advantage of any such law, and shall not hinder, delay or impede the execution of any power herein granted to the Trustee, but shall suffer and permit the execution of every such power as though no such law
had been enacted.

ARTICLE EIGHT

THE TRUSTEE

Section 8.01. Certain Duties and Responsibilities.

(a) Except during the continuance of an Event of Default with respect to the Securities of any series,

(i) the Trustee undertakes to perform such duties and only such duties as are specifically set forth in this Indenture with respect to the Securities of such series and all other series, and no implied covenants
or obligations shall be read into this Indenture against the Trustee;

(ii) in the absence of bad faith on its part, the Trustee may conclusively rely, as to the truth of the statements and the correctness of the opinions expressed therein, upon certificates or opinions furnished to
the Trustee and conforming to the requirements of this Indenture; but in the case of any such certificates or opinions which by any provision hereof are specifically required to be furnished to the Trustee, the Trustee shall be under a duty to
examine the same to determine whether or not they conform to the requirements of this Indenture (but need not confirm or investigate mathematical calculations or other facts stated therein); and

(iii) the Trustee shall not be liable with respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in good faith in accordance with any direction of the Company or the Holders of any series of Outstanding
Securities in accordance with Section 7.12 of this Indenture.

(b) In case an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing with respect to the Securities of any series, the Trustee shall exercise such of the rights and powers vested in it by this Indenture with respect
to the Securities of such series, and use the same degree of care and skill in their exercise, as a prudent man would exercise or use under the circumstances in the conduct of his own affairs.

(c) No provision of this Indenture shall be construed to relieve the Trustee from liability for its own negligent action, its own negligent failure to act, or its own willful misconduct, except that:

(i) this Subsection shall not be construed to limit the effect of Subsection (a) of this Section8.01;

39

(ii) the Trustee shall not be liable for any error of judgment made in good faith by a Responsible Officer, unless it shall be proved that the Trustee was negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts;

(iii) the Trustee shall not be liable with respect to any action taken, suffered or omitted to be taken by it in respect of the Securities of any series in good faith in accordance with the direction of the
Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of such series pursuant to Section7.12 relating to the time, method and place of conducting
any proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee, or exercising any trust or power conferred upon the Trustee, under this Indenture; and

(iv) no provision of this Indenture shall require the Trustee to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any liability, financial or otherwise, in the performance of any of its duties hereunder, or in the
exercise of any of its rights or powers, if it shall have reasonable grounds for believing that repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against such risk or liability is not reasonably assured to it.

(d) Whether or not therein expressly so provided, every provision of this Indenture relating to the conduct or affecting the liability of or affording protection to the Trustee shall be subject to the provisions
of this Section8.01.

Section 8.02. Notice of Defaults. Within 90 days after the occurrence of any default hereunder with respect to the Securities of any series, the Trustee shall transmit
electronically or by mail to all Holders of the Securities of such series, as their names and addresses appear in the Securities Register, notice of such default hereunder with respect to the Securities of such series known to the Trustee, unless
such default shall have been cured or waived; provided, however, that, except in the case of a default in the payment of principal of (or premium, if any) or
interest, if any, on any Security of such series, or in the payment of any sinking fund installment or analogous obligation in respect thereof, the Trustee shall be protected in withholding such notice if and so long as the board of directors, the
executive committee or a trust committee of directors and/or Responsible Officers of the Trustee in good faith determine that the withholding of such notice is in the interest of such Holders; and provided, further, that in the case of any default of the character specified in Section7.01(d) hereof no such notice to Holders shall be
given until at least 30 days after the occurrence thereof. For the purpose of this Section8.02, the term default means any event which is, or after notice or
lapse of time or both would become, an Event of Default.

Section 8.03. Certain Rights of Trustee. Subject to Section8.01 hereof:

(a) the Trustee may rely and shall be protected in acting or refraining from acting upon any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, direction, consent, order, bond,
debenture, coupon or other paper or document believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper party or parties;

(b) any request, direction, order or demand of the Company mentioned herein shall be sufficiently evidenced by a Company Request or a Company Order and any resolution of the Board of Directors may be
sufficiently evidenced by a Board Resolution;

40

(c) whenever in the administration of this Indenture the Trustee shall deem it desirable that a matter be proved or established prior to taking, suffering or omitting any action hereunder, the Trustee (unless
other evidence be herein specifically prescribed) may, in the absence of bad faith on its part, rely upon an Officers Certificate;

(d) the Trustee may consult with counsel of its selection and the advice of such counsel or any Opinion of Counsel shall be full and complete authorization and protection in respect of any action taken, suffered
or omitted by it hereunder in good faith in reliance thereon;

(e) the Trustee shall be under no obligation to exercise any of the rights or powers vested in it by this Indenture at the request, order or direction of any of the Holders pursuant to this Indenture, unless
such Holders shall have offered to such Trustee security or indemnity satisfactory to it against the costs, expenses and liabilities which might be incurred by it in compliance with such request or direction;

(f) the Trustee shall not be bound to make any investigation into the facts or matters stated in any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, direction, consent, order,
bond, debenture, note or other paper or document, but the Trustee, in its discretion, may make such further inquiry or investigation into such facts or matters as it may see fit, and, if the Trustee shall determine to make such further inquiry or
investigation, it shall be entitled to examine the books, records and premises of the Company, personally or by agent or attorney at the expense of the Company and shall incur no liability of any kind by reason of such inquiry;

(g) the Trustee may execute any of the trusts or powers hereunder or perform any duties hereunder either directly or by or through agents or attorneys and the Trustee shall not be responsible for any misconduct
or negligence on the part of any agent or attorney appointed with due care by it hereunder;

(h) the Trustee shall not be deemed to have knowledge of an Event of Default unless a Responsible Officer of the Trustee shall have received actual written notification or obtained actual knowledge;

(i) delivery of reports, information and documents to the Trustee under Section9.04 is for informational purposes only and
the Trustees receipt of the foregoing shall not constitute constructive notice of any information contained therein or determinable from information contained therein, including the Companys compliance with any of their covenants hereunder (as to
which the Trustee is entitled to rely exclusively on Officers Certificates);

(j) in no event shall the Trustee be responsible or liable for special, indirect, or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever (including, but not limited to, loss of profit) irrespective of whether
the Trustee has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action;

(k) the rights, privileges, protections, immunities and benefits given to the Trustee pursuant to this Indenture, including, without limitation, its right to be indemnified, are extended to, and shall be
enforceable by, the Trustee in each of its capacities hereunder, and each agent, custodian and other Person employed to act hereunder;

41

(l) the Trustee shall not be liable for any action taken, suffered, or omitted to be taken by it in good faith and reasonably believed by it to be authorized or within the discretion or rights or powers
conferred upon it by this Indenture; and

(m) the Trustee may request that the Company deliver a certificate setting forth the names of individuals and/or titles of officers authorized at such time to take specified actions pursuant to this Indenture.

Section 8.04. Not Responsible for Recitals or Issuance of Securities. The recitals contained herein and in the Securities, except the certificates of authentication, shall
be taken as the statements of the Company, and the Trustee and any Authenticating Agent assume no responsibility for their correctness. The Trustee and any Authenticating Agent make no representations as to the validity or sufficiency of this
Indenture or of the Securities. The Trustee and any Authenticating Agent shall not be accountable for the use or application by the Company of Securities or the proceeds thereof.

Section 8.05. May Hold Securities. The Trustee, any Paying Agent, Securities Registrar, Authenticating Agent or any other agent of the Company or the Trustee, in its
individual or any other capacity, may become the owner or pledgee of Securities of any series and may otherwise deal with the Company with the same rights it would have if it were not Trustee, Paying Agent, Securities Registrar, Authenticating Agent
or such other agent.

Section 8.06. Money Held in Trust. Money held by the Trustee in trust hereunder need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required by law. The Trustee
shall be under no liability for interest on or investment of any money received by it hereunder except as otherwise agreed in writing with the Company and for the sole benefit of the Company.

Section 8.07. Compensation and Reimbursement. The Company and the Subsidiary Guarantors, jointly and severally, agree:

(a) to pay to the Trustee from time to time reasonable compensation for all services rendered by it hereunder (which compensation shall not be limited by any provision of law in regard to the compensation of a
trustee of an express trust);

(b) except as otherwise expressly provided herein, to reimburse the Trustee upon its request for all reasonable expenses, disbursements and advances incurred or made by the Trustee in accordance with any
provision of this Indenture (including the reasonable compensation and the expenses and disbursements of its agents and counsel and of any Authenticating Agent), except to the extent any such expense, disbursement or advance shall have been caused by
its negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct; and

(c) to indemnify each of the Trustee or any predecessor Trustee and their agents for, and to hold them harmless against, any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense (whether brought by the Company, Guarantor,
any Holder, or any third-party) arising out of or in connection with the acceptance or administration of this trust and performance of their duties hereunder, including without limitation, enforcing the terms of this Indenture and the
indemnifications provided herein, including the costs and expenses, including taxes (other than taxes based upon, measured by or determined by the income of the Trustee), and including fees and disbursements of their counsel of defending themselves
against any claim or liability in connection with the exercise or performance of any of their powers or duties hereunder, except as to the Trustee or any agent to the extent any such loss, liability or expense shall have been caused by its own
negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct.

42

As security for the performance of the obligations of the Company under this Section8.07, the Trustee shall have a lien prior to the
Securities upon all property and funds held or collected by the Trustee as such, except funds held in trust for the payment of principal of (and premium, if any) or interest, if any, on particular Securities. The provisions of this Section8.07 shall survive any Trustee succession, resignation or removal, and the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture. Trustee for purposes of this Section8.07 shall include any predecessor trustee but the negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of any Trustee shall not affect the rights of any other Trustee
under this Section8.07.

When the Trustee incurs expenses or renders services after the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Section7.01(g) or Section7.01(h), the expenses (including the reasonable charges and expenses of counsel) and the compensation for the services are intended to constitute expenses of
administration under any applicable Federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law.

Section 8.08. Disqualification; Conflicting Interests. To the extent that the Trust Indenture Act applies to this Indenture or any Securities, if the Trustee has or will
acquire a conflicting interest within the meaning of the Trust Indenture Act, the Trustee shall either eliminate such interest or resign, to the extent and in the manner provided by, and subject to the provisions of, the Trust Indenture Act and this
Indenture. To the extent permitted by the Trust Indenture Act, if applicable, the Trustee will not be deemed to have a conflicting interest by virtue of being a trustee under this Indenture with respect to Securities of more than one series if all
such series rank equally at the time of issuance.

Section 8.09. Corporate Trustee Required; Different Trustees for Different Series; Eligibility. There shall at all times be a Trustee hereunder for the Securities of each
series which shall be a corporation organized and doing business under the laws of the United States of America or of any State or the District of Columbia authorized under such laws to exercise corporate trust powers, having a combined capital and
surplus of at least $50,000,000, subject to supervision or examination by Federal or State authority, and, if there is such a corporation that has a corporate trust office in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, the State of New York, or
in such other city as shall be established as contemplated by Section3.01 with respect to the Securities of any series that is willing to act upon reasonable and
customary terms, having a corporate trust office in the Borough of Manhattan or such other city. If such corporation publishes reports of condition at least annually, pursuant to law or to the requirements of the aforesaid supervising or examining
authority, then for the purposes of this Section8.09, the combined capital and surplus of such corporation shall be deemed to be its combined capital and surplus as
set forth in its most recent report of condition so published. A different Trustee may be appointed by the Company for the Securities of each series prior to the issuance of such Securities. If the initial Trustee for the Securities of any series
is to be other than U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, the Company and such Trustee shall, prior to the issuance of such Securities, execute and deliver an indenture supplemental hereto, which shall provide for the appointment of such
Trustee as Trustee for the Securities of such series and shall add to or change any of the provisions of this Indenture as shall be necessary to provide for or facilitate the administration of the trusts hereunder by more than one Trustee, it being
understood that nothing herein or in such supplemental indenture shall constitute such Trustees co-trustees of the same trust and that each such Trustee shall be trustee of a trust or trusts hereunder separate and apart from any trust or trusts
hereunder administered by any other such Trustee. If at any time the Trustee for the Securities of any series shall cease to be eligible in accordance with the provisions of this Section8.09, it shall resign immediately in the manner and with the effect hereinafter specified in this Article Eight.

43

Section 8.10. Resignation and Removal; Appointment of Successor.

(a) No resignation or removal of the Trustee for the Securities of any series and no appointment of a successor Trustee for the Securities of such series pursuant to this Article Eight shall become effective
until the acceptance of appointment by the successor Trustee under Section8.11 hereof.

(b) The Trustee, or any Trustee or Trustees hereafter appointed for the Securities of any series, may resign at any time with respect to the Securities of one or more or all such series by giving written notice
thereof to the Company. If an instrument of acceptance by a successor Trustee for the Securities of any series shall not have been delivered to the Trustee for the Securities of such series within thirty days after the giving of such notice of
resignation, the resigning Trustee may petition at the expense of the Company any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Trustee for the Securities of such series.

(c) The Trustee for the Securities of any series may be removed at any time with respect to one or more or all such series by Act of the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding
Securities of such one or more series (each voting as a class) delivered to such Trustee and to the Company. If an instrument of acceptance by a successor Trustee for the Securities of any series shall not have been delivered to the Trustee for the
Securities of such series within thirty days after the giving of such notice of removal, the Trustee to be removed may petition at the expense of the Company any court of the competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Trustee for the
Securities of such series.

(d) If at any time:

(i) the Trustee for the Securities of any series shall fail to comply with Section 310(b) of the Trust Indenture Act with respect to the Securities of such series after written request therefor by the Company or
by any Holder of Securities of such series who has been a bona fide Holder of a Security of such series for at least six months, or

(ii) such Trustee shall cease to be eligible under Section8.09 hereof and shall fail to resign after written request therefor
by the Company or by any such Holder of Securities, or

(iii) such Trustee shall become incapable of acting with respect to the Securities of such series or shall be adjudged a bankrupt or insolvent or a receiver of such Trustee or of its property shall be appointed
or any public officer shall take charge or control of such Trustee or of its property or affairs for the purpose of rehabilitation, conservation or liquidation, then, in any such ease, (A) the Company by a Board Resolution may remove the Trustee, or
(B) subject to Section7.14 hereof, any Holder of a Security of such series who has been a bona fide Holder of such Security for at least six months may, on behalf
of himself and all others similarly situated, petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the removal of such Trustee and the appointment of a successor Trustee for the Securities of such series.

44

(e) If the Trustee for the Securities of any series shall resign, be removed or become incapable of acting, or if a vacancy shall occur in the office of Trustee for the Securities of any series for any cause,
the Company, by a Board Resolution, shall promptly appoint a successor Trustee for the Securities of such series. If, within one year after such resignation, removal or incapability, or the occurrence of such vacancy, a successor Trustee for the
Securities of such series shall be appointed by Act of the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of such series delivered to the Company and the retiring Trustee, the successor Trustee so appointed shall, forthwith
upon its acceptance of such appointment, become the successor Trustee for the Securities of such series and supersede the successor Trustee appointed by the Company. If no successor Trustee for the Securities of such series shall have been so
appointed by the Company or such Holders and accepted appointment in the manner hereinafter provided, any Holder who has been a bona fide Holder of a Security of such series for at least six months may, on behalf of himself and all others similarly
situated, petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Trustee for the Securities of such series.

(f) The Company shall give notice of each resignation and each removal of the Trustee for the Securities of any series and each appointment of a successor Trustee for the Securities of such series by delivering
written notice of such event electronically or by first-class mail, postage prepaid, to the Holders of the Securities of such series as their names and addresses appear in the Securities Register. Each notice shall include the name of such successor
Trustee and the address of its Corporate Trust Office.

Section 8.11. Acceptance of Appointment by Successor. Every successor Trustee appointed hereunder shall execute, acknowledge and deliver to the Company and to the
retiring Trustee an instrument accepting such appointment, and thereupon the resignation or removal of the retiring Trustee shall become effective and such successor Trustee, without any further act, deed or conveyance, shall become vested with all
the rights, powers, trusts and duties of the retiring Trustee; but, on request of the Company or the successor Trustee, such retiring Trustee shall, upon payment of its charges, execute and deliver an instrument transferring to such successor Trustee
all the rights, powers and trusts of the retiring Trustee, and shall duly assign, transfer and deliver to such successor Trustee all property and money held by such retiring Trustee hereunder, subject nevertheless to its lien, if any, provided for in
Section8.07 hereof. Upon request of any such successor Trustee, the Company shall execute any and all instruments for more fully and certainly vesting in and
confirming to such successor Trustee all such rights, powers and trusts.

In case of the appointment hereunder of a successor Trustee for the Securities of one or more (but not all) series, the Company, the predecessor Trustee and each successor Trustee for the Securities of any applicable
series shall execute and deliver an indenture supplemental hereto which shall contain such provisions as shall be deemed necessary or desirable to confirm that all the rights, powers, trusts and duties of the predecessor Trustee for the Securities of
any series as to which the predecessor Trustee is not retiring shall continue to be vested in the predecessor Trustee, and shall add to or change any of the provisions of this Indenture as shall be necessary to provide for or facilitate the
administration of the trusts hereunder by more than one Trustee, it being understood that nothing herein or in such supplemental indenture shall constitute such Trustees co-trustees of the same trust and that each such Trustee shall be trustee of a
trust or trusts hereunder separate and apart from any trust or trusts hereunder administered by any other such Trustee.

45

No successor Trustee for the Securities of any series shall accept its appointment unless at the time of such acceptance such successor Trustee shall be qualified under Section 310(b) of the Trust Indenture Act and
eligible under Section8.09.

Section 8.12. Merger, Conversion, Consolidation or Succession to Business. Any corporation into which the Trustee for the Securities of any series may be merged or
converted or with which it may be consolidated, or any corporation resulting from any merger, conversion or consolidation to which such Trustee shall be a party, or any corporation succeeding to all or substantially all of the corporate trust
business of such Trustee, shall be the successor of the Trustee for such series hereunder, provided such corporation shall be, with respect to such series, otherwise qualified and eligible under this Article Eight, without the execution or filing of
any paper or any further act on the part of any of the parties hereto. In case any Securities of any series shall have been authenticated, but not delivered, by the Trustee for such series or an Authenticating Agent for such series, then in office,
any successor by merger, conversion or consolidation to such authenticating Trustee or Authenticating Agent, as the case may be, may adopt such authentication and deliver the Securities so authenticated with the same effect as if such successor
Trustee or successor Authenticating Agent had itself authenticated such Securities.

Section 8.13. Preferential Collection of Claims against Company. Reference is made to Section 311 of the Trust Indenture Act, for purposes of which:

(a) The term cash transaction means any transaction in which full payment for goods or securities sold is made within seven days after delivery of the goods or securities in currency or in checks or other
orders drawn upon banks or bankers and payable upon demand.

(b) The term self-liquidating paper means any draft, bill of exchange, acceptance or obligation which is made, drawn, negotiated or incurred by the Company for the purpose of financing the purchase,
processing, manufacturing, shipment, storage or sale of goods, wares or merchandise and which is secured by documents evidencing title to possession of, or a lien upon, the goods, wares or merchandise or the receivables or proceeds arising from the
sale of the goods, wares or merchandise previously constituting the security, provided the security is received by the Trustee simultaneously with the creation of the creditor relationship with the Company arising from the making, drawing,
negotiating or incurring of the draft, bill of exchange, acceptance or obligation.

Section 8.14. Authenticating Agent. The Trustee may appoint an Authenticating Agent for the Securities of each series which shall be acceptable to the Company, to act on
behalf of such Trustee and subject to its direction in connection with the authentication of the Securities of such series. Each Authenticating Agent shall at all times be a corporation organized and doing business under the laws of the United
States of America or of any State, authorized under such laws to exercise corporate trust powers, having a combined capital and surplus of at least $50,000,000, and subject to supervision or examination by Federal or State authority. If such
corporation publishes reports of condition at least annually, pursuant to law or to the requirements of the aforesaid supervising or examining authority, then for the purposes of this Section8.14 the combined capital and surplus of such corporation shall be deemed to be its combined capital and surplus as set forth in its most recent report of condition so published.

46

Securities of any series authenticated by the Authenticating Agent for the Securities of such series shall be entitled to the benefits of this Indenture and shall be valid and obligatory for all purposes as if
authenticated by the Trustee for the Securities of such series. Whenever reference is made in this Indenture to the authentication and delivery of Securities of any series by the Trustee or such Trustees certificate of authentication, such
reference shall be deemed to include authentication and delivery on behalf of the Trustee by the Authenticating Agent for the Securities of such series and a certificate of authentication executed on behalf of the Trustee by such Authenticating
Agent.

Any corporation into which any Authenticating Agent may be merged or converted or with which it may be consolidated, or any corporation resulting from any merger, conversion or consolidation to which any Authenticating
Agent shall be a party, or any corporation succeeding to the corporate agency business of any Authenticating Agent, shall continue to be the Authenticating Agent with respect to the Securities of all series for which it served as Authenticating Agent
without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act on the part of the Trustee or such Authenticating Agent.

Any Authenticating Agent may at any time resign by giving written notice of resignation to the Trustee and to the Company. The Trustee may at any time terminate the agency of any Authenticating Agent for the Securities
of any series by giving written notice of termination to such Authenticating Agent and to the Company. Upon receiving such a notice of resignation or upon such a termination, or in case at any time any Authenticating Agent shall cease to be eligible
in accordance with the provisions of this Section8.14, with respect to the Securities of one or more or all series, the Trustee promptly shall appoint a successor
Authenticating Agent which shall be acceptable to the Company, and upon doing so shall give written notice of such appointment to the Company and shall mail notice of such appointment to all Holders of the Securities of such series as the names and
addresses of such Holders appear upon the Securities Register. Any successor Authenticating Agent upon acceptance of its appointment hereunder shall become vested with all the rights, powers, duties and responsibilities of its predecessor hereunder
with like effect as if originally appointed as Authenticating Agent hereunder. No successor Authenticating Agent shall be appointed unless eligible under the provisions of this Section8.14.

The Trustee agrees to pay to each Authenticating Agent from time to time reasonable compensation for its services, and the Trustee shall be entitled to be reimbursed for such payments subject to the provisions of Section8.07 hereof.

47

ARTICLE NINE

HOLDERS LISTS AND REPORTS BY TRUSTEE AND COMPANY

Section 9.01. Company to Furnish Trustee Names and Addresses of Holders. The Company will furnish or cause to be furnished to the Trustee (a) semi-annually, on a date not
more than 15 days after each regular record date with respect to an Interest Payment Date, if any, for the Securities of each series, and (b) on semi-annual dates in each year to be established as contemplated by Section3.01 hereof if the Securities of any series do not bear interest and (c) at such other times as the Trustee may request in writing, within 30 days after receipt by the Company of any such request, a list in such
form as the Trustee may reasonably require containing all the information in the possession or control of the Company, or any of its Paying Agents other than the Trustee, as to the names and addresses of the Holders of the Securities of such series,
obtained since the date as of which the next previous list, if any, was furnished. Any such list may be dated as of a date not more than 15 days prior to the time such information is furnished or caused to be furnished and need not include
information received after such date; provided, however, that as long as the Trustee is the Securities Registrar for the Securities of such series, no such list shall
be required to be furnished.

Section 9.02. Preservation of Information; Communications to Holders.

(a) The Trustee shall preserve, in as current a form as is reasonably practicable, the names and addresses of Holders of the Securities of each series contained in the most recent list furnished to such Trustee
as provided in Section 9.01 hereof or in the Securities Register if such Trustee be the Securities Registrar for such series and the names and addresses of Holders received by the Trustee in its capacity as Paying Agent for the Securities of such
series. The Trustee may destroy any list furnished to it as provided in Section 9.01 hereof upon receipt of a new list so furnished. 

(b) To the extent that the Trust Indenture Act applies to this Indenture or any Securities, the rights of the Holders to communicate with other Holders of Securities of the same series or of all series with
respect to their rights under this Indenture or under the Securities of such series or of all series, as the case may be, and the corresponding rights and privileges of the Trustee, will be as provided by the Trust Indenture Act.

(c) Every Holder of Securities, by receiving and holding the same, agrees with the Company and the Trustee that neither the Company nor the Trustee nor any agent of either of them will be held accountable by
reason of the disclosure of any such information as to the names and addresses of the Holders made pursuant to the Trust Indenture Act.

Section 9.03. Reports by Trustee. As promptly as practicable after each January 15 beginning with the January 15 following the date of this Indenture, and in any event
prior to March 15 in each year, the Trustee shall mail or electronically deliver to each Holder of any Outstanding Securities of any series a brief report dated as of such January 15 that complies with Section 313(a) of the Trust Indenture Act if
required by such Section 313(a). The Trustee also shall comply with Section 313(b) of the Trust Indenture Act. The Trustee shall promptly deliver to the Company a copy of any report it delivers to Holders pursuant to this Section 9.03. A copy of
each report at the time of its mailing or electronic delivery to Holders of any Outstanding Securities of any series shall be filed by the Trustee with the SEC and each stock exchange (if any) on which such Outstanding Securities are listed. The
Company agrees to notify promptly the Trustee in writing whenever any Outstanding Securities of any series become listed on any stock exchange and of any delisting thereof.

Section 9.04. Reports by Company. The Company shall comply with all the applicable provisions of Section 314(a) of the Trust Indenture Act. Delivery of such information,
documents or reports to the Trustee pursuant to such provisions is for informational purposes only, and the Trustees receipt thereof shall not constitute constructive notice of any information contained therein or determinable from information
contained therein, including the Companys compliance with any of the covenants hereunder (as to which the Trustee is entitled to rely exclusively on the Officers Certificate).

48

ARTICLE TEN

CONSOLIDATION, MERGER, CONVEYANCE OR TRANSFER

Section 10.01. When the Company or a Subsidiary Guarantor May Merge or Transfer Assets. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary Guarantor may consolidate with or sell, lease
or convey all or substantially all of its properties or assets to, or merge with or into, in one transaction or a series of related transactions, any other Person, unless:

(a) the Company, or in the case of a Subsidiary Guarantor, such Subsidiary Guarantor, shall be the continuing Person, or the successor Person formed by or resulting from such consolidation or merger or the
Person which receives the transfer of such properties or assets (the Successor) shall be a Person organized and existing under the laws of the United States of America or any State or jurisdiction thereof
and the Successor (if not the Company or such Subsidiary Guarantor, as the case may be) shall expressly assume, by supplemental indenture, executed and delivered to the Trustee, in form reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee, all the obligations of
the Company or such Subsidiary Guarantor, as the case may be, under the Securities, this Indenture and any Guarantee, as applicable (provided that such Successor shall not be required to assume the obligations
of any such Subsidiary Guarantor if (I) such Successor is already a Subsidiary Guarantor or (II) such Successor would not, after giving effect to such transaction, be required to guarantee the Securities of such series under the provisions of
Article Thirteen);

(b) immediately after giving effect to such transaction, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing; and

(c) the Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that such consolidation, merger, conveyance, sale or lease and such supplemental indenture (if
any) comply with clauses (a) and (b) above.

Section 10.02. Successor Corporation Substituted. The Successor will succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power of, the Company or such
Subsidiary Guarantor under this Indenture. The Company or such Subsidiary Guarantor shall be relieved of all obligations and covenants under the Securities, the Guarantees, if any, and this Indenture to the extent the Company or such Subsidiary
Guarantor was the predecessor Person; provided that in the case of a lease of all or substantially all of the Companys properties or assets, the Company will not be released from the obligation to pay the
principal of, premium, if any, and interest on the Securities. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, the restrictions contained in this Article Ten shall not apply to any merger or consolidation of a Subsidiary Guarantor into, or any sale,
lease or conveyance of assets by a Subsidiary Guarantor to, the Company or any other Subsidiary Guarantor or to any Subsidiary Guarantor upon any termination of the Guarantee of that Subsidiary Guarantor in accordance with this Indenture.

49

ARTICLE ELEVEN

SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURES

Section 11.01. Supplemental Indentures without Consent of Holders. Without notice to or the consent of any Holders, the Company and the Trustee at any time and from time to
time may enter into one or more indentures supplemental hereto for any of the following purposes:

(a) to cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency;

(b) to evidence the succession of another Person to the Company or any Subsidiary Guarantor, and the assumption by any such Person of the obligations of the Company or such Subsidiary Guarantor herein and in the
Securities contained, in each case, in accordance with the provisions of Article Ten;

(c) to add any additional Events of Default;

(d) to add to the covenants of the Company or any Subsidiary Guarantor, for the benefit of the Holders of the Securities of any or all series or to surrender any right or power herein conferred upon the Company
or any Subsidiary Guarantor;

(e) to establish the form and terms of the Securities of any series as contemplated by Section2.01 or 3.01 hereof;

(f) to add to or change any of the provisions of this Indenture as is necessary or advisable to facilitate the issuance of Securities of any series in bearer form, registrable or nonregistrable as to principal
and with or without interest coupons, and to provide for exchangeability of such Securities with the Securities of the same series issued hereunder in fully registered form and to make all appropriate changes for such purpose, or to permit or
facilitate the issuance of Securities in uncertificated form;

(g) to evidence and provide for the acceptance of appointment hereunder of a Trustee other than U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee for the Securities of any series of Securities and to add
to or change any of the provisions of this Indenture as shall be necessary to provide for or facilitate the administration of the trusts hereunder by more than one Trustee, pursuant to the requirements of Section8.09 hereof;

(h) to evidence and provide for the acceptance of appointment hereunder by a successor Trustee with respect to the Securities of one or more series or to add to or change any of the provisions of this Indenture
as shall be necessary to provide for or facilitate the administration of the trusts hereunder by more than one Trustee, pursuant to the requirements of Section8.11
hereof;

(i) to add to, change or eliminate any of the provisions of this Indenture; provided, that any such addition, change or elimination (i) shall become effective only when
no Security of any series entitled to the benefits of such provision and issued prior to the execution of such supplemental indenture is outstanding or (ii) shall not apply to any outstanding Security;

50

(j) to add one or more guarantees for the benefit of the Holders;

(k) to evidence the release of any Subsidiary Guarantor from its Guarantee in accordance with this Indenture;

(l) to add collateral security with respect to the Securities of any series or any Guarantee;

(m) to comply with any requirements in connection with qualifying this Indenture under the Trust Indenture Act;

(n) to comply with the rules of any applicable securities depository;

(o) to provide for uncertificated Securities in addition to or in place of certificated Securities; provided, however, that the
uncertificated Securities issued in registered form for purposes of Section 163(f) of the Code;

(p) to conform the text of this Indenture, any supplemental indenture or the Securities of any series to the Description of Notes applicable to such series of Securities; or

(q) to make any change if the change does not adversely affect in any material respect the interests of any Holder.

After an amendment under this Section11.01 becomes effective, the Company shall mail or electronically deliver to Holders a notice
briefly describing such amendment. The failure to give such notice to all Holders, or any defect therein, shall not impair or affect the validity of an amendment under this Section11.01.

Section 11.02. Supplemental Indentures with Consent of Holders.

Subject to Sections 7.12 and 7.13 hereof, with the written consent of the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of each series affected thereby (including consents
obtained in connection with a tender offer or exchange for such Securities), by Act of said Holders delivered to the Company and the Trustee, the Company and the Trustee may enter into an indenture or indentures supplemental hereto for the purpose of
adding any provisions to or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of this Indenture or of modifying in any manner the rights of the Holders of the Securities of such series under this Indenture; provided, however, that no such supplemental indenture shall, without the consent of the Holder of each Outstanding Security affected thereby,

(a) change the Stated Maturity of the principal of, or any installment of interest on, any Security, or reduce the principal amount thereof or the interest thereon, or the premium, if any, payable on the
redemption thereof, or change the Place of Payment, or the coin or currency in which any Security or the interest, if any, thereon is payable, or reduce the amount of the principal of an Original Issue Discount Security that would be due and payable
upon an acceleration of the Maturity thereof or adversely affect the right of repayment, if any, at the option of the Holder, or reduce the amount of, or postpone the date fixed for, any payment under the sinking fund for any Security, or impair the
right to institute suit for the enforcement of any such payment on or after the Stated Maturity thereof (or, in the case of redemption, on or after the Redemption Date), or

51

(b) reduce the percentage in principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of any series, the consent of whose Holders is required for any such supplemental indenture, or the consent of whose Holders is
required for any waiver of compliance with certain provisions of this Indenture or certain defaults hereunder and their consequences provided for in this Indenture, or

(c) modify any of the provisions of this Section11.02 or Section7.13 hereof, except to increase any such percentage or to provide that certain other provisions of this Indenture cannot be modified or waived without the consent of the Holder of each Security affected thereby.

A supplemental indenture which changes or eliminates any covenant or other provision of this Indenture which has been expressly included solely for the benefit of the Securities of one or more particular series, or which
modifies the rights of the Holders of the Securities of one or more such series with respect to such covenant or other provision, shall be deemed not to affect the rights under this Indenture of the Holders of the Securities of any other series.

It shall not be necessary for any Act of Holders under this Section11.02 to approve the particular form of any proposed supplemental
indenture, but it shall be sufficient if such Act shall approve the substance thereof.

Section 11.03. Execution of Supplemental Indentures. In executing, or accepting the additional trusts created by, any supplemental indenture permitted by this Article Eleven
or the modifications thereby of the trusts created by this Indenture, the Trustee for the Securities of any series shall be provided with, and (subject to Sections 8.01 and 8.03 hereof) shall be fully protected in relying upon (in addition to the
requirements under Section 1.02), an Opinion of Counsel and an Officers Certificate each stating that the execution of such supplemental indenture complies with the provisions of this Article Eleven and that such supplemental indenture is the legal,
valid and binding obligation of the Company in accordance with its terms subject to customary exceptions. Such Trustee may, but shall not be obligated to, enter into any such supplemental indenture which affects such Trustees own rights, duties or
immunities under this Indenture or otherwise.

Section 11.04. Notice of Supplemental Indenture. After the execution by the Company and the appropriate Trustee of any supplemental indenture pursuant to Section11.02 hereof, the Company shall transmit to all Holders of Securities of any series affected thereby, as their names and addresses appear in the Securities
Register, a notice setting forth in general terms the substance of such supplemental indenture. Any failure of the Company to mail such notice, or any defect therein, shall not, however, in any way impair or affect the validity of any such
supplemental indenture.

Section 11.05. Effect of Supplemental Indentures. Upon the execution of any supplemental indenture under this Article Eleven, this indenture shall be modified in accordance
therewith but only with respect to the Securities of each series affected by such supplemental indenture, and such supplemental indenture shall form a part of this Indenture for all purposes with respect to the Securities of such series; and every
Holder of Securities of any such series theretofore or thereafter authenticated and delivered hereunder shall be bound thereby.

52

Section 11.06. Conformity with Trust Indenture Act. Every supplemental indenture executed pursuant to this Article Eleven shall conform to the requirements of the Trust
Indenture Act as then in effect.

Section 11.07. Reference in Securities to Supplemental Indentures. Securities of any series authenticated and delivered after the execution of any supplemental indenture
pursuant to this Article Eleven may, and shall if required by the Trustee, bear a notation in form approved by the Trustee as to any matter provided for in such supplemental indenture. If the Company shall so determine, new Securities so modified as
to conform to any such supplemental indenture may be prepared and executed by the Company and authenticated and delivered by or on behalf of such Trustee in exchange for Outstanding Securities of the same series.

ARTICLE TWELVE

COVENANTS

Section 12.01. Payment of Principal, Premium and Interest. The Company will duly and punctually pay the principal of, premium, if any, and interest, if any, on the
Securities of each series in accordance with the terms of such Securities established as contemplated by Section3.01 and this Indenture.

Section 12.02. Maintenance of Office or Agency. The Company will maintain in each Place of Payment for the Securities of any series, an office or agency where Securities of
such series may be presented or surrendered for payment, where Securities of such series may be surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange and where notices and demands to or upon the Company in respect of the Securities of such series and
this Indenture may be served; provided, however, that at the option of the Company payment of interest may be made (subject to collection) by check mailed to the
address of the Person entitled thereto as such address shall appear in the Security Register. With respect to the Securities of any series, such office or agency and each Place of Payment shall be as established as contemplated by Section3.01. In the absence of establishment as contemplated by Section3.01 with
respect to the Securities of any series, (i) the Place of Payment for such Securities shall be in the city that the Corporate Trust Office shall be in and (ii) such office or agency in such Place of Payment shall initially be the Corporate Trust
Office of the Trustee. The Company will give prompt written notice to the Trustee of the location, and any change in the location, of any such office or agency. If at any time the Company shall fail to maintain any such required office or agency or
shall fail to furnish the Trustee for the Securities of each series with the address thereof, such presentations, surrenders, notices and demands may be made or served at the Corporate Trust Office of such Trustee, and the Company hereby appoints the
Trustee its agent to receive all such presentations, surrenders, notices and demands with respect to the Securities of such series.

The Company may also from time to time designate one or more other offices or agencies (in or outside the Place of Payment) where the Securities of one or more series may be presented or surrendered for any or all of
such purposes specified above, and may from time to time rescind such designations; provided, however, that no such designation or rescission shall in any manner
relieve the Company of its obligation to maintain an office or agency in each Place of Payment for such purpose.

53

Section 12.03. Money for Securities Payments to Be Held in Trust. If the Company shall at any time act as its own Paying Agent, it will, on or before each due date of the
principal of (and premium, if any) or interest, if any, on, any of the Securities of any series, segregate and hold in trust for the benefit of the Persons entitled thereto a sum sufficient to pay the principal, premium, if any, or interest, if any,
so becoming due until such sums shall be paid to such Persons or otherwise disposed of as herein provided, and will promptly notify the Trustee of such series of its failure so to act.

Whenever the Company shall have one or more Paying Agents, it will, on or before each due date of the principal of (and premium, if any) or interest, if any, on, any Securities of any series, deposit with a Paying Agent
for the Securities of such series a sum sufficient to pay the principal, premium, if any, or interest, if any, so becoming due, such sum to be held in trust for the benefit of the Persons entitled to such principal, premium or interest, if any, and
(unless such Paying Agent is the Trustee for the Securities of such series) the Company will promptly notify such Trustee at its Corporate Trust Office of its failure so to act.

The Company will cause each Paying Agent for the Securities of any series other than the Trustee to execute and deliver to the Trustee an instrument in which such Paying Agent shall agree with the Trustee, subject to the
provisions of this Section12.03, that such Paying Agent will

(a) hold all sums held by it for the payment of the principal of, premium, if any, or interest, if any, on the Securities of such series in trust for the benefit of the Persons entitled thereto until such sums
shall be paid to such Persons or otherwise disposed of as herein provided;

(b) give such Trustee notice of any default by the Company (or any other obligor upon the Securities of such series) in the making of any payment of principal, premium, if any, or interest, if any; and

(c) at any time during the continuance of any such default, upon the written request of the Trustee, forthwith pay to the Trustee all sums so held in trust by such Paying Agent.

The Company may at any time, for the purpose of obtaining the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture or for any other purpose, pay, or by Company Order direct any Paying Agent to pay, to the Trustee all sums held
in trust by the Company or such Paying Agent, such sums to be held by such Trustee upon the same trusts as those upon which such sums were held by the Company or such Paying Agent; and, upon such payment by any Paying Agent to such Trustee, such
Paying Agent shall be released from all further liability with respect to such money.

Section 12.04. Compliance Certificate. The Company shall deliver to the Trustee, within 120 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Company ending after the date
hereof, an Officers Certificate signed by its principal executive officer, principal financial officer or principal accounting officer, which Officers Certificate shall comply with the provisions of Section 314 of the Trust Indenture Act, stating
whether or not to the knowledge of the signers thereof any Default in the performance and observance of any of the terms, provisions and conditions of this Indenture (without regard to any period of grace or requirement of notice provided hereunder)
occurred during the previous fiscal year, specifying all such Defaults and the nature and status thereof of which they may have knowledge.

54

Section 12.05. Corporate Existence. Except as otherwise permitted by Article Ten, the Company shall do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve and keep in full
force and effect its existence as a corporation or other Person.

Section 12.06. Permit No Vacancy in Office of Trustee. The Company, whenever necessary to avoid or fill a vacancy in the office of the Trustee for the Securities of any
series, will appoint, in the manner provided in Section8.10 hereof, a Trustee for the Securities of such series, so that there shall at all times be a Trustee for
the Securities of every series hereunder.

Section 12.07. Waiver. Without limitation of the rights of the Holders and the Company with respect to waivers and amendments set forth in Sections 7.13 and 11.02, the
Company may omit in any particular instance to comply with a covenant or provision hereof which non-compliance could constitute a default hereunder (other than (i) a covenant or provision with respect to the payment of the principal of (or premium,
if any) or interest, if any, on any Security of any series, or in payment of any sinking fund installment or analogous obligation with respect to the Securities of such series or (ii) a covenant or provision which under Article Eleven hereof cannot
be modified or amended without the consent of the Holder of each Outstanding Security affected thereby), if before or after the time for such compliance the Holders of at least a majority in principal amount of the Securities at the time Outstanding
of any series affected by the omission shall, by Act of such Holders, either waive such compliance in such instance or generally waive compliance with such covenant or provision, but no such waiver shall extend to or affect such covenant or provision
except to the extent so expressly waived, and, until such waiver shall become effective, the obligations of the Company and the duties of the Trustee in respect of any such covenant or provision shall remain in full force and effect.

ARTICLE THIRTEEN

GUARANTEES

Section 13.01. Guarantees. If Securities of or within a series are specified, as contemplated by Section3.01, to be guaranteed by any Subsidiary Guarantor, then such Subsidiary Guarantor hereby fully unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees, jointly and severally, as primary obligor and not merely as surety, to each Holder of
any such Security and to the Trustee the full and punctual payment when due, whether at maturity, by acceleration, by redemption or otherwise, of the principal of (and premium, if any) and interest, if any, on any such Security and all other
obligations of the Company under this Indenture and any such Security (the Obligations) to the Trustee and to the Holders. Each of the Subsidiary Guarantors further agrees (to the extent permitted by law)
that the Obligations may be extended or renewed, in whole or in part, without notice or further assent from it, and that it shall remain bound under this Article Thirteen notwithstanding any extension or renewal of any Obligation.

55

Each of the Subsidiary Guarantors waives presentation to, demand of payment from and protest to the Company of any of the Obligations and also waives notice of protest for nonpayment. Each of the Subsidiary Guarantors
waives notice of any default under any such Security or the Obligations. The obligations of each of the Subsidiary Guarantors hereunder shall not be affected by (a) the failure of any Holder to assert any claim or demand or to enforce any right or
remedy against the Company or any other person under this Indenture, any such Security or any other agreement or otherwise, (b) any extension or renewal of any thereof, (c) any rescission, waiver, amendment or modification of any of the terms or
provisions of this Indenture, the Securities or any other agreement, (d) the release of any security held by any Holder of any such Security or the Trustee for the Obligations or any of them or (e) any change in the ownership of the Company.

Each of the Subsidiary Guarantors further agrees that its Guarantee herein constitutes a guarantee of payment when due (and not a guarantee of collection) and waives any right to require that any resort be had by any
Holder of any such Security to any security held for payment of the Obligations.

The obligations of each of the Subsidiary Guarantors hereunder shall not be subject to any reduction, limitation, impairment or termination for any reason (other than payment of the Obligations in full), including any
claim of waiver, release, surrender, alteration or compromise, and shall not be subject to any defense of setoff, counterclaim, recoupment or termination whatsoever or by reason of the invalidity, illegality or unenforceability of the Obligations or
otherwise. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the obligations of each of the Subsidiary Guarantors herein shall not be discharged or impaired or otherwise affected by the failure of any Holder of any such Security to assert any claim
or demand or to enforce any remedy under this Indenture, any such Security or any other agreement, by any waiver or modification of any thereof, by any default, failure or delay, willful or otherwise, in the performance of the Obligations, or by any
other act or thing or omission or delay to do any other act or thing which may or might in any manner or to any extent vary the risk of each of the Subsidiary Guarantors or would otherwise operate as a discharge of the Subsidiary Guarantors as a
matter of law or equity.

Each of the Subsidiary Guarantors further agrees that its Guarantee herein shall continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time payment, or any part thereof, of principal of, premium, if
any, or interest, if any, on any of the Obligations is rescinded or must otherwise be restored by any Holder of any such Security upon the bankruptcy or reorganization of the Company or otherwise.

In furtherance of the foregoing and not in limitation of any other right which any Holder of any such Security has at law or in equity against any of the Subsidiary Guarantors by virtue hereof, upon the failure of the
Company to pay any of the Obligations when and as the same shall become due, whether at maturity, by acceleration, by redemption or otherwise, each of the Subsidiary Guarantors hereby promises to and shall, upon receipt of written demand by the
Trustee, forthwith pay, or cause to be paid, in cash, to the Holders of any such Security an amount equal to the sum of (i) the unpaid amount of such Obligations then due and owing and (ii) accrued and unpaid interest on such Obligations then due and
owing (but only to the extent not prohibited by law).

56

Each of the Subsidiary Guarantors further agrees that, as between itself, on the one hand, and the Holders of any such Security, on the other hand, (x) the maturity of the Obligations guaranteed hereby may be accelerated
as provided in this Indenture for the purposes of its Guarantee herein, notwithstanding any stay, injunction or other prohibition preventing such acceleration in respect of the Obligations guaranteed hereby and (y) in the event of any such
declaration of acceleration of such Obligations, such Obligations (whether or not due and payable) shall forthwith become due and payable by such Subsidiary Guarantor for the purposes of this Guarantee.

Each of the Subsidiary Guarantors also agrees to pay any and all reasonable costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees) incurred by the Trustee or the Holders in enforcing any rights under this Section13.01.

Section 13.02. No Subrogation. Notwithstanding any payment or payments made by any Subsidiary Guarantor hereunder, no Subsidiary Guarantor shall be entitled to be subrogated
to any of the rights of the Trustee or any Holder of any such Security against the Company or any collateral security or guarantee or right of offset held by the Trustee or any Holder of any such Security for the payment of the Obligations, nor shall
any of the Subsidiary Guarantors seek or be entitled to seek any contribution or reimbursement from the Company or any other Subsidiary Guarantor in respect of payments made by such Subsidiary Guarantor hereunder, until all amounts owing to the
Trustee and the Holders of any such Security by the Company on account of the Obligations are paid in full. If any amount shall be paid to any of the Subsidiary Guarantors on account of such subrogation rights at any time when all of the Obligations
shall not have been paid in full, such amount shall be held by such Subsidiary Guarantor in trust for the Trustee and the Holders of any such Security, segregated from other funds of such Subsidiary Guarantor, and shall, forthwith upon receipt by
such Subsidiary Guarantor, be turned over to the Trustee in the exact form received by such Subsidiary Guarantor (duly indorsed by such Subsidiary Guarantor to the Trustee, if required), to be applied against the Obligations.

Section 13.03. Consideration. Each of the Subsidiary Guarantors has received, or shall receive, direct or indirect benefits from the making of its Guarantee.

Section 13.04. Limitation on Subsidiary Guarantor Liability. Each Subsidiary Guarantor, and by its acceptance of Securities, each Holder of any such Security, hereby
confirms that it is the intention of all such parties that the Guarantee of such Subsidiary Guarantor not constitute a fraudulent transfer or conveyance for purposes of Bankruptcy Law, the Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act, the Uniform Fraudulent
Transfer Act or any similar federal or state law to the extent applicable to any Guarantee. To effectuate the foregoing intention, the Trustee, the Holders of any such Security and the Subsidiary Guarantors hereby irrevocably agree that the
obligations of each Subsidiary Guarantor shall be limited to the maximum amount as will, after giving effect to such maximum amount and all other contingent and fixed liabilities of such Subsidiary Guarantor that are relevant under such laws and
after giving effect to any collections from, rights to receive contribution from or payments made by or on behalf of any other Subsidiary Guarantor in respect of the obligations of such other Guarantor under this Article Thirteen, result in the
obligations of such Subsidiary Guarantor under its Guarantee not constituting a fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer under applicable law. Each Subsidiary Guarantor that makes a payment under its Guarantee shall be entitled upon payment in
full of all guaranteed obligations under this Indenture to a contribution from each other Subsidiary Guarantor in an amount equal to such other Subsidiary Guarantors pro rata portion of such payment based on the respective net assets of all the
Subsidiary Guarantors at the time of such payment determined in accordance with GAAP.

57

Section 13.05. Execution and Delivery. To evidence its Guarantee set forth in Section13.01
hereof, each Subsidiary Guarantor hereby agrees that this Indenture (or a supplemental indenture, as the case may be) shall be executed on behalf of such Subsidiary Guarantor by one of its Officers, managers, its trustee, its managing member or its
general partner, as the case may be.

Each Subsidiary Guarantor hereby agrees that its Guarantee set forth in Section13.01 hereof shall remain in full force and effect
notwithstanding the absence of the endorsement of any notation of such Guarantee on the any such Security.

If an Officer, manager, trustee, managing member or general partner of a Subsidiary Guarantor whose signature is on this Indenture (or a supplemental indenture, as the case may be) no longer holds that office at the time
the Trustee authenticates any such Security, the Guarantee shall be valid nevertheless.

The delivery of any such Security by the Trustee, after the authentication thereof hereunder, shall constitute due delivery of the Guarantee set forth in this Indenture on behalf of the Subsidiary Guarantors.

Section 13.06. Release of Subsidiary Guarantors. A Subsidiary Guarantor will be automatically released from all its obligations under the Securities, this Indenture and its
Guarantee, and its Guarantee will automatically terminate (1) [Reserved], (2) upon the exercise of the legal defeasance option or the covenant defeasance option pursuant to Section6.01(b), or upon satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture pursuant Section 6.01(a) and (3) upon the consummation of any sale or other disposition of any or all of the Capital Stock of such Subsidiary Guarantor (including by way
of merger or consolidation) or other transaction such that after giving effect to such sale, disposition or other transaction such Subsidiary Guarantor is no longer a Domestic Subsidiary of the Company. Upon request of the Company, the Trustee shall
evidence such release by a supplemental indenture or other instrument which may be executed by the Trustee without the consent of any Holder.

58

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Indenture to be duly executed as of the day and year first above written.

EXPEDIA GROUP, INC.,

as the Company

By:

/s/ Satinder Thiara

Name:

Satinder (Tara) Thiara 

Title:

Senior Vice President and Treasurer

CRUISE, LLC

EAN.COM, LP

EXPEDIA GROUP COMMERCE, INC.

EXPEDIA, INC.

HIGHER POWER NUTRITION COMMON HOLDINGS, LLC

HOMEAWAY SOFTWARE, INC.

HOMEAWAY.COM, INC.

HOTELS.COM GP, LLC

HOTELS.COM, L.P.

HOTWIRE, INC.

HRN 99 HOLDINGS, LLC

LEMS I LLC

LIBERTY PROTEIN, INC.

O HOLDINGS INC.

ORBITZ, LLC

ORBITZ WORLDWIDE, INC.

TRAVELSCAPE, LLC

VRBO HOLDINGS, INC.

WWTE, INC.,

as Subsidiary Guarantors

By: /s/ Robert J. Dzielak

Name:

Robert J. Dzielak 

Title: Chief Legal Officer and Secretary

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Trustee

By: /s/ Linda Garcia 

Name:

Linda Garcia 

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to Indenture]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ny20042512x5_ex4-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.2

EXECUTION VERSION

EXPEDIA GROUP, INC.,

as Issuer,

THE SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS PARTY HERETO,

as Subsidiary Guarantors, and

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Trustee

FIRST

SUPPLEMENTAL

INDENTURE

dated as of February 21, 2025

to the Indenture

dated as of February 21, 2025

$1,000,000,000 Aggregate Principal Amount

of

5.400% Senior Notes due 2035

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE ONE

DEFINITIONS AND INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE

SECTION 1.1 

Definitions 

1

SECTION 1.2 

Other Definitions 

7

SECTION 1.3 

Incorporation by Reference of Trust Indenture Act 

7

ARTICLE TWO

THE NOTES

SECTION 2.1 

Creation of Series of Securities 

7

SECTION 2.2 

Terms and Form of the Notes; Book Entry Provisions 

7

SECTION 2.3 

Issuance of Additional Notes 

8

ARTICLE THREE

REDEMPTION

SECTION 3.1 

Optional Redemption 

9

SECTION 3.2 

Selection of Notes to be Redeemed 

9

SECTION 3.3 

Sinking Fund 

9

ARTICLE FOUR

CERTAIN COVENANTS

SECTION 4.1 

Limitations on Liens 

9

SECTION 4.2 

Limitation on Sale and Lease-Back Transactions 

11

SECTION 4.3 

Change of Control Triggering Event 

12

ARTICLE FIVE

AMENDMENT, SUPPLEMENT AND WAIVER

SECTION 5.1 

Without Consent of Holders of the Notes 

13

i

SECTION 5.2 

With Consent of Holders of Notes 

15

SECTION 5.3 

Compliance with Trust Indenture Act 

16

SECTION 5.4 

Effect of Consents and Waivers 

16

SECTION 5.5 

Notation on or Exchange of Notes 

16

SECTION 5.6 

Trustee To Sign Amendments 

16

ARTICLE SIX

GUARANTEES

SECTION 6.1 

Guarantee 

16

SECTION 6.2 

Future Subsidiary Guarantors 

17

ARTICLE SEVEN

DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES

SECTION 7.1 

Events of Default 

17

SECTION 7.2 

Acceleration 

19

SECTION 7.3 

Other Remedies 

19

SECTION 7.4 

Waiver of Past Defaults 

19

SECTION 7.5 

Control by Majority 

20

SECTION 7.6 

Limitation on Suits 

20

SECTION 7.7 

Rights of Holders to Receive Payment 

20

SECTION 7.8 

Collection Suit by Trustee 

20

SECTION 7.9 

Trustee May File Proofs of Claim 

21

SECTION 7.10 

Priorities 

21

SECTION 7.11 

Undertaking for Costs 

21

SECTION 7.12 

Waiver of Stay or Extension Laws 

21

ii

ARTICLE EIGHT

APPLICATION OF SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE

AND CREATION OF THE INITIAL NOTES

SECTION 8.1 

Application of This Supplemental Indenture 

22

SECTION 8.2 

Effect of Supplemental Indenture 

22

ARTICLE NINE

MISCELLANEOUS

SECTION 9.1 

The Supplemental Indenture 

23

SECTION 9.2 

Counterparts 

24

SECTION 9.3 

Effect of Headings and Table of Contents 

24

SECTION 9.4 

Governing Law 

24

SECTION 9.5 

No Representation 

24

SECTION 9.6 

Notices 

24

SECTION 9.7 

When Notes Disregarded 

25

SECTION 9.8 

Rules by Trustee, Paying Agent and Securities Registrar 

25

SECTION 9.9 

No Recourse Against Others 

25

SECTION 9.10 

Variable Provisions 

25

EXHIBIT A 

FORM OF 5.400% SENIOR NOTE DUE 2035

SCHEDULE A 

SCHEDULE OF EXCHANGES OF INTERESTS IN THE GLOBAL NOTE

iii

FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE (this Supplemental Indenture), dated as of February 21, 2025, by and among Expedia Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), the
Subsidiary Guarantors that are a party hereto and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee).

WHEREAS, the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the Trustee entered into the Indenture, dated as of February 21, 2025 (the Base Indenture and as supplemented and amended by
this Supplemental Indenture and further supplemented or amended from time to time with respect to the Notes, the Indenture);

WHEREAS, Section 11.01 of the Base Indenture provides, among other things, that the Company and the Trustee may enter into a supplemental indenture to the Base
Indenture for, among other things, the purpose of establishing the form and terms of the Securities (as defined in the Base Indenture) of any series as contemplated by Sections 2.01 and 3.01
of the Base Indenture;

WHEREAS, on the date hereof the Company desires to establish and issue a new series of Securities, to be designated as the Companys 5.400% Senior Notes due 2035 pursuant to the Base
Indenture, as supplemented and amended by this Supplemental Indenture, which Notes (as defined below) shall be senior unsecured obligations of the Company; and

WHEREAS, the Company desires to enter into a supplemental indenture pursuant to Sections 2.01, 3.01 and 11.01

of the Base Indenture to establish the form and terms of the Notes and to add to or change the provisions of the Base Indenture as necessary and advisable to facilitate the issuance of the Notes, as contemplated by Sections

2.01 and 3.01 of the Base Indenture.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, the parties hereto, for the benefit of each other and for the equal and proportionate benefit of the other parties and for the equal and
ratable benefit of the Holders of (i) the Initial Notes and (ii) Additional Notes (as defined herein), if any, issued from time to time (the Additional Notes, together with the Initial Notes, the Notes), hereby
enter into this Supplemental Indenture, which amends, modifies, supplements and restates (as applicable) the Base Indenture with respect to (and only with respect to) the Notes, as follows:

ARTICLE ONE

DEFINITIONS AND INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE

SECTION 1.1 Definitions.

Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Base Indenture.

Additional Notes means Notes issued under the Indenture after the Issue Date and in compliance with Section 2.3.

Affiliated Holders means, with respect to any specified natural person, (a) such specified natural persons parents, spouse, siblings, descendants, step children, step
grandchildren, nieces and nephews and their respective spouses, (b) the estate, legatees and devisees of such specified natural person and each of the Persons referred to in clause (a) of this definition, and (c) any company, partnership, trust or other entity or investment vehicle created for the benefit of, or Controlled by, such specified natural person or any of the Persons referred to in clause (a) or (b) of this definition or the holdings of which are for the primary benefit of such specified natural person or any of the Persons referred to in clause (a) or (b) of this definition or
created by any such Person for the benefit of any charitable organization or for a charitable purpose.

Attributable Debt means, with respect to any sale and lease-back transaction, at the time of determination, the lesser of (1)

the sale price of the property so leased multiplied by a fraction the numerator of which is the remaining portion of the base term of the lease included in such transaction and the denominator of which is the base term of such lease, and (2) the total obligation (discounted to present value at the implicit interest factor, determined in accordance with GAAP, included in the rental payments) of the lessee for rental payments (other than amounts required to
be paid on account of property taxes as well as maintenance, repairs, insurance, water rates and other items which do not constitute payments for property rights) during the remaining portion of the base term of the lease included in such
transaction.

Change of Control means the occurrence of any one of the following events:

(1) any person (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act), other than one or more Permitted
Holders, is or becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the total voting power of the Voting
Stock of the Company;

(2) individuals who on the Issue Date constituted the Board of Directors of the Company (together with any new directors whose election by such Board of Directors of the Company or
whose nomination for election by the shareholders of the Company was approved or ratified by a vote of a majority of the directors of the Company then still in office who were either directors on the Issue Date or whose election or nomination for
election was previously so approved or ratified) cease for any reason to constitute a majority of the Board of Directors of the Company then in office;

(3) the adoption of a plan relating to the liquidation or dissolution of the Company; or

(4) the merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person or the merger of another Person with or into the Company, or the sale of all or substantially all the
assets of the Company (determined on a consolidated basis) to another Person other than (i) a transaction in which the survivor or transferee is a Person that is controlled by the Permitted Holders or (ii) a transaction
following which (A) in the case of a merger or consolidation transaction, holders of securities that represented 100% of the Voting Stock of the Company immediately prior to such transaction (or other securities into
which such securities are converted as part of such merger or consolidation transaction) own directly or indirectly at least a majority of the voting power of the Voting Stock of the surviving Person in such merger or consolidation transaction
immediately after such transaction and (B) in the case of a sale of assets transaction, each transferee becomes an obligor in respect of the Notes and either (i) each transferee becomes a
Subsidiary of the transferor of such assets or (ii) holders of securities that represented 100% of the Voting Stock of the Company immediately prior to such transaction (or other securities into which such securities are converted as part of such
transaction) own directly or indirectly at least a majority of the voting power of the Voting Stock of the transferee.

2

Notwithstanding the foregoing, a transaction will not be deemed to involve a Change of Control if (1) the Company becomes a direct
or indirect wholly-owned subsidiary (the Sub Entity) of a holding company and (2) holders of securities that represented 100% of the Voting Stock of the Company immediately prior to such transaction (or other
securities into which such securities are converted as part of such merger or consolidation transaction) own directly or indirectly at least a majority of the voting power of the Voting Stock of such holding company; provided that, upon the
consummation of any such transaction, Change of Control shall thereafter include any Change of Control of any direct or indirect parent of the Sub Entity.

Change of Control Triggering Event means the occurrence of both a Change of Control and a Ratings Event.

Consolidated Net Assets means, as of the time of determination, the aggregate amount of assets of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries after deducting all current
liabilities other than (1) short-term borrowings, (2) current maturities of long-term debt and (3) current
maturities of obligations under capital leases, as reflected on the Companys most recent consolidated balance sheet prepared in accordance with GAAP at the end of the most recently completed fiscal quarter or fiscal year, as applicable.

Credit Agreement means the Credit Agreement, dated as of April 14, 2022, among the Company, the borrowing subsidiaries from time to time party thereto, the lenders from time to
time party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, as the same has been amended, supplemented or otherwise modified on or prior to the date hereof, including by that certain First Amendment, dated as of April 12, 2023, and as
may be further amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, and any successor credit agreement thereto (whether by renewal, replacement, refinancing or otherwise) that the Company in good faith designates to be its principal
credit agreement (taking into account the maximum principal amount of the credit facility provided thereunder, the recourse nature of the agreement and such other factors as the Company deems reasonable in light of the circumstances), such
designation (or the designation that at a given time there is no principal credit agreement) to be made by an Officers Certificate delivered to the Trustee.

Definitive Note means a certificated Note registered in the name of the Holder thereof.

DTC means The Depository Trust Company.

Fitch means Fitch Ratings Inc., a subsidiary of Hearst Communications, Inc., and its successors.

Global Notes means the Notes in global form and registered in the name of the Depositary or its nominee that are in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto.

3

guarantee means any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of any Person directly or indirectly guaranteeing any indebtedness of any other Person and any obligation, direct or
indirect, contingent or otherwise, of such Person (1) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such indebtedness of such other Person (whether arising by
virtue of partnership arrangements, or by agreement to keep well, to purchase assets, goods, securities or services, to take or pay or to maintain financial statement conditions or otherwise) or (2)

entered into for purposes of assuring in any other manner the obligee of such indebtedness of the payment thereof or to protect such obligee against loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part); provided, however, that the term
guarantee will not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business. The term guarantee, when used as a verb, has a correlative meaning.

Guarantee means the guarantee by any Subsidiary Guarantor of the Companys Obligations under the Indenture and the Notes.

H.15 has the meaning given to such term in the definition of Treasury Rate.

H.15 TCM has the meaning given to such term in the definition of Treasury Rate.

Holder or Noteholder means the Person in whose name a Note is registered on the Securities Register books.

incur means issue, assume, guarantee or otherwise become liable for.

Initial Notes means the first $1,000,000,000 aggregate principal amount of Notes issued under the Indenture on the date hereof.

Investment Grade means a rating of Baa3 or better by Moodys (or its equivalent under any successor rating category of Moodys); a rating of BBB- or
better by S&P (or its equivalent under any successor rating category of S&P); a rating of BBB- or better by Fitch (or its equivalent under any successor rating category of Fitch); and the equivalent investment grade credit rating from any
replacement Rating Agency or Rating Agencies appointed by the Company.

Issue Date means February 21, 2025.

Lien means any mortgage, security interest, pledge, lien, charge or other similar encumbrance.

Moodys means Moodys Investors Service, Inc., a subsidiary of Moodys Corporation, and its successors.

Notes has the meaning assigned to it in the recitals to this Supplemental Indenture. The Notes issued under the Indenture include the Initial Notes and Additional Notes, if any,
unless the context otherwise requires.

Notes Custodian means the custodian with respect to a Global Note (as appointed by Depositary) or any successor Person thereto and will initially be the Trustee.

4

Par Call Date means November 15, 2034, the date that is three (3) months prior to the Stated Maturity of the Notes.

Permitted Holders means Barry Diller and his affiliates (including, without limitation, any Affiliated Holders) and any group (as such term is used in Section

13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act) with respect to which any such Persons collectively exercise a majority of the voting power.

principal means the principal of the Note plus the premium, if any, payable on the Note which is due or overdue or is to become due at the relevant time; provided, however, that for purposes of
calculating any such premium, the term principal shall not include the premium with respect to which such calculation is being made.

Rating Agency means each of Moodys, S&P and Fitch; provided that if all but one of Moodys, S&P or Fitch ceases to rate the Notes or fails to make a rating of the Notes
publicly available and as a result only one of Moodys, S&P or Fitch (or, in each case, a Substitute Rating Agency therefor) would rate the Notes or make a rating of the Notes publicly available, the Company will appoint a replacement for at
least one such Rating Agency that is a nationally recognized statistical rating organization within the meaning of Section 3(a)(62) under the Exchange Act to ensure that at least two such Rating Agencies are rating the
notes (a Substitute Rating Agency).

Ratings Event means ratings of the Notes are lowered by at least two Rating Agencies and the Notes are rated below Investment Grade by at least two Rating Agencies in any case on
any day during the period (the Trigger Period) commencing on the date 60 days prior to the first public announcement by the Company of any Change of Control (or pending Change of Control) and ending 60 days following consummation of such
Change of Control (which Trigger Period will be extended for so long as the rating of the Notes is under publicly announced consideration for a possible downgrade by any of the Rating Agencies). For the avoidance of doubt, the Trustee shall have no
responsibility to determine whether a Ratings Event has occurred.

Remaining Life has the meaning given to such term in the definition of Treasury Rate.

S&P means Standard & Poors Ratings Services, a division of S&P Global, Inc., and its successors.

Stated Maturity means, with respect to any security, the date specified in such security as the fixed date on which the payment of principal of such security is due and payable,
including pursuant to any mandatory redemption provision (but excluding any provision providing for the repurchase of such security at the option of the holder thereof until the exercise of such option by such holder).

Subsidiary Guarantors means any Subsidiary of the Company that, in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, Guarantees the Notes, in each case until such Guarantee is released
pursuant to the provisions of Article Thirteen of the Base Indenture (as amended and supplemented by this Supplemental Indenture).

5

Substitute Rating Agency has the meaning given to such term in the definition of Rating Agency.

Treasury Rate means, with respect to any Redemption Date, the yield determined by the Company in accordance with the following two paragraphs:

(i) The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Company after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third Business Day preceding the Redemption Date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that appear after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily) - H.15 (or any successor designation or publication) (H.15) under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant
maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption or heading) (H.15 TCM). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Company shall select, as applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the
Redemption Date to the Par Call Date (the Remaining Life); or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on
H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Life and shall interpolate to the Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days)
using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to
the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant
maturity from the Redemption Date.

(ii) If on the third Business Day preceding the Redemption Date H.15 TCM is no longer published, the Company shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the
semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second Business Day preceding such Redemption Date of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the Par Call Date, as
applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally distant from the Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the
Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the Par Call Date, the Company shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities
maturing on the Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Company shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury
security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this
paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such
United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places.

6

Trustee means the party named as such in the preamble to this Supplemental Indenture until a successor replaces it in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Indenture
and, thereafter, means such successor.

Voting Stock of a Person means all classes of equity securities of such Person then outstanding and normally entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote
in the election of directors, managers or trustees thereof.

SECTION 1.2 Other Definitions.

Term 

Defined in Section

Affiliate 

9.8

Base Indenture 

Recitals

Change of Control Offer 

4.3(b)

covenant defeasance option 

8.2(v)

Event of Default 

7.1

Indenture 

Recitals

Notes 

Recitals

Supplemental Indenture 

Preamble

SECTION 1.3 Incorporation by Reference of Trust Indenture Act. 

This Supplemental Indenture is subject to the mandatory provisions of the TIA, which are incorporated by reference in, and made a part of, this Supplemental Indenture with respect to (and only with respect to) the Notes. Whenever this Supplemental
Indenture refers to a provision of the TIA, the provision is incorporated by reference in, and made a part of, this Supplemental Indenture.

ARTICLE TWO

THE NOTES

SECTION 2.1 Creation of Series of Securities. Pursuant to Section 3.01 of the Base Indenture, there is hereby created a new series of Securities
designated as the 5.400% Senior Notes due 2035 in an unlimited aggregate principal amount. On the Issue Date, the Company will issue $1,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of the Notes.

SECTION 2.2 Terms and Form of the Notes; Book Entry Provisions.

(a) The Initial Notes issued on the Issue Date will be represented by one or more Global Notes in the name of Cede & Co., as a nominee of The Depository Trust Company, which shall be the Depositary for the
Notes. Such Global Notes will be deposited with the Notes Custodian.

7

(b) Pursuant to Section 2.01 of the Base Indenture, the Notes shall be substantially in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit A (other than, with respect to any Additional
Notes, as permitted under Section 2.3). The Notes may have notations, legends or endorsements required by law, stock exchange rule, agreements to which the Company is subject, if any, or usage (provided that any such notation, legend or
endorsement is in a form acceptable to the Company). Each Note shall be dated the date of its authentication. The Company shall be entitled to issue Additional Notes under the Indenture pursuant to Section 2.3. The aggregate principal
amount of the Global Notes may from time to time be increased or decreased by adjustments made on the records of the Trustee and the Depositary or its nominee.

(c) The Notes shall be in initial denominations of $2,000 and any integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof.

(d) The terms and provisions contained in the Notes shall constitute, and are hereby expressly made, a part of this Supplemental Indenture and, to the extent applicable, the Company and the Trustee, by their
execution and delivery of this Supplemental Indenture, expressly agree to such terms and provisions and agree to be bound thereby.

SECTION 2.3 Issuance of Additional Notes. After the Issue
Date, the Company shall, subject to compliance with the terms of the Indenture but without notice to or the consent of any Holders, be entitled to create and issue Additional Notes under the Indenture, which Notes shall have identical terms as, and
rank equally with, the Initial Notes issued on the Issue Date, other than with respect to the date of issuance, issue price, the initial interest accrual date and amount of interest payable on the first payment date applicable thereto.

With respect to any Additional Notes, the Company shall set forth in a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Company and an Officers Certificate, a copy of each of which shall be
delivered to the Trustee, the following information:

(a) the aggregate principal amount of such Additional Notes to be authenticated and delivered pursuant to the Indenture; and

(b) the issue price, the issue date, the initial interest accrual date and the CUSIP number of such Additional Notes; provided, however, that no Additional Notes
may be issued with the same CUSIP number as the Notes previously issued under the Indenture if such Additional Notes are not fungible with such previously issued Notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes.

The Initial Notes and any Additional Notes shall vote and consent together on all matters (including for purposes of waivers and amendments) as one class; and neither the Initial Notes nor
any Additional Notes shall have the right to vote or consent as a separate class on any matter. The Initial Notes and any Additional Notes shall together be deemed to constitute a single class or series for all purposes under the Indenture
(including for purposes of redemptions).

8

ARTICLE THREE

REDEMPTION

SECTION 3.1 Optional Redemption.

(a) Prior to the Par Call Date, the Notes shall be redeemable, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at the option of the Company, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of
principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of (i) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the Redemption Date
(assuming the notes matured on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus 15 basis points less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption and (ii) 100% of the
aggregate principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed; plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the Redemption Date.

(b) On or after the Par Call Date, the Notes shall be redeemable, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at the option of the Company, at a redemption price equal
to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the Redemption Date.

(c) The Companys actions and determinations in determining the redemption price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.

SECTION 3.2 Selection of Notes to be Redeemed. A partial
redemption of the Notes may be effected pro rata or by lot or by such other method as the Trustee shall deem fair and appropriate. No Notes of a principal amount of $2,000 or less will be redeemed in part. If any Note is to be redeemed in part
only, the notice of redemption that relates to the Note will state the portion of the principal amount of the Note to be redeemed. A new Note in a principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of the Note will be issued in the name of the
Holder of the Note upon surrender for cancellation of the original Note. For so long as the notes are held by the Depositary, the redemption of the notes shall be done in accordance with the policies and procedures of the Depositary.

SECTION 3.3 Sinking Fund. The Notes will not be subject to
any sinking fund.

ARTICLE FOUR

CERTAIN COVENANTS

SECTION 4.1 Limitations on Liens.

(a) So long as any Notes remain outstanding, the Company will not directly or indirectly, incur, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, incur any
Indebtedness secured by a Lien upon any property or assets (including Capital Stock) of the Company, or any of its Subsidiaries or upon any shares of stock or Indebtedness of any of its Subsidiaries (whether such property, assets, shares of stock
or Indebtedness are now existing or owned or hereafter created or acquired) without in any such case effectively providing, concurrently with or prior to the incurrence of any such secured Indebtedness, or the grant of a Lien with respect to any
such Indebtedness to be so secured, that the Notes or, in respect of Liens on the property or assets of any Subsidiary Guarantor, the Guarantee of such Subsidiary Guarantor (together with, if the Company shall so determine, any other Indebtedness
of or guarantee by the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors or any of their respective Subsidiaries ranking equally in right of payment with the Notes or the Guarantee) shall be secured equally and ratably with (or, at the Companys option, prior to)
such Indebtedness to be so secured; provided, however, that the foregoing restrictions shall not apply to:

9

(1) Liens on property, shares of stock or Indebtedness of any Person existing at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary of the Company; provided
that such Lien was not incurred in anticipation of such Person becoming a Subsidiary;

(2) Liens on property, shares of stock or Indebtedness existing at the time of acquisition thereof by the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries of such property, shares of stock or Indebtedness (which may include property previously leased by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and leasehold interests on such property; provided that the lease terminates prior to
or upon the acquisition) or Liens on property, shares of stock or Indebtedness to secure the payment of all or any part of the purchase price thereof, or Liens on property, shares of stock or Indebtedness to secure any Indebtedness for borrowed
money incurred prior to, at the time of, or within 18 months after, the latest of the acquisition thereof, or, in the case of property, the completion of construction, the completion of improvements or the commencement of substantial commercial
operation of such property for the purpose of financing all or any part of the purchase price thereof, such construction or the making of such improvements;

(3) Liens securing Indebtedness of any of the Companys Subsidiaries or of the Company owing to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries;

(4) Liens existing on the Issue Date, other than any Liens securing Indebtedness outstanding under the Credit Agreement;

(5) Liens on property or assets of a Person existing at the time such Person is merged into or consolidated with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, at the
time such Person becomes a Subsidiary of the Company or at the time of a sale, lease or other disposition of all or substantially all of the properties or assets of a Person to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; provided that such
Lien was not incurred in anticipation of such merger, consolidation, or sale, lease or other disposition or other transaction;

(6) Liens created in connection with a project financed with, and created to secure, a Nonrecourse Obligation;

(7) Liens securing all of the Notes or the Guarantees; or

10

(8) any extension, renewal or replacement (or successive extensions, renewals or replacements), in whole or in part, of any Lien referred to in the foregoing clauses

(1) to (7), inclusive, without increase of the principal of the Indebtedness secured thereby; provided, however,
that any Liens permitted by any of the foregoing clauses (1) to (7), inclusive, shall not extend to or cover any property
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, as the case may be, other than the property specified in such clauses and improvements thereto.

(b) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of Section 4.1(a), the Company and its Subsidiaries may incur Indebtedness secured by Liens which would otherwise be subject to
the foregoing restrictions without securing the Notes, or in respect of Liens on any Subsidiary Guarantors property or assets, the Guarantee of such Subsidiary Guarantor, if any, equally and ratably with (or prior to) such secured Indebtedness; provided
that after giving effect thereto, the aggregate amount of all Indebtedness so secured by Liens (not including Liens permitted under clauses (1) through (8) above), together with all Attributable Debt outstanding pursuant to Section 4.2(b) does not at the time exceed 10% of the Consolidated Net Assets of the Company.

SECTION 4.2 Limitation on Sale and Lease-Back Transactions.

(a) The Company shall not directly or indirectly, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries directly or indirectly to, enter into any sale and lease-back transaction for the
sale and leasing back of any property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, unless:

(1) such transaction was entered into prior to the Issue Date;

(2) such transaction was for the sale and leasing back to the Company of any property by one of the Companys Subsidiaries;

(3) such transaction involves a lease for not more than three years (or which may be terminated by the Company or such Subsidiary within a period of not more
than three years);

(4) the Company or such Subsidiary would be entitled to incur Indebtedness secured by a Lien with respect to such sale and lease-back transaction without
securing the Notes and the Guarantees equally and ratably with (or prior to) such secured Indebtedness pursuant to clauses (1) through (8) of Section 4.1(a); or

(5) the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company applies an amount equal to the net proceeds from the sale of such property to the purchase of other property
or assets used or useful in the business of the Company or of any of its Subsidiaries or to the retirement of long-term Indebtedness within 270 days before or after the effective date of any such sale and lease-back transaction; provided that,
in lieu of applying such amount to the retirement of long-term indebtedness, the Company may deliver Notes to the Trustee for cancellation, such Notes to be credited at the cost thereof to the Company.

11

(b) Notwithstanding the restrictions set forth in Section 4.2(a), the Company and its Subsidiaries may enter into any sale and lease-back transaction which would otherwise
be subject to the foregoing restrictions, if after giving effect thereto the aggregate amount of all Attributable Debt outstanding with respect to such transactions, together with all Indebtedness outstanding pursuant to Section 4.1(b),
does not at the time exceed 10% of the Consolidated Net Assets of the Company.

SECTION 4.3 Change of Control Triggering Event.

(a) Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Triggering Event, unless the Company has mailed or electronically delivered, or has caused to be mailed or electronically delivered, a notice of redemption
pursuant to paragraph 6 of the Notes with respect to all outstanding Notes and redeems all Notes validly tendered pursuant to such notice of redemption, each Holder shall have the right to require the Company to
repurchase such Holders Notes, in whole or in part, at a purchase price in cash equal to 101% of the principal amount thereof on the date of purchase, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the Notes repurchased to the date of such purchase
(subject to the right of Holders of record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on an interest payment date occurring on or prior to the date of such purchase), in accordance with the terms set forth in this Section 4.3.

(b) Within 30 days following any Change of Control Triggering Event, unless the Company has previously or concurrently mailed or electronically delivered a redemption notice with
respect to all outstanding Notes pursuant to paragraph 6 of the Notes, the Company shall mail by first-class mail or electronically deliver if the Notes are held by the Depositary, a notice to each Holder with a copy
to the Trustee (the Change of Control Offer) stating:

(i) that a Change of Control Triggering Event has occurred and that such Holder has the right to require the Company to purchase such Holders Notes at a
purchase price in cash equal to 101% of the principal amount thereof on the date of purchase, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of purchase (subject to the right of Holders of record on the relevant record date to receive
interest due on an interest payment date occurring on or prior to the date of purchase)

;

(ii) the circumstances and relevant facts regarding such Change of Control Triggering Event;

(iii) the purchase date, which shall be no earlier than 30 days and no later than 60 days from the date such notice is mailed or electronically delivered, except
in the case of a conditional Change of Control Offer made in advance of a Change of Control Triggering Event pursuant to Section 4.3(f), which, in the Companys discretion, may provide that the purchase date
shall be delayed until a date that is no later than 90 days after the occurrence of the Change of Control Triggering Event;

12

(iv) if the notice is mailed or electronically delivered prior to a Change of Control Triggering Event, that the Change of Control Offer is conditioned on the
Change of Control Triggering Event occurring; and

(v) the instructions, as determined by the Company, consistent with this Section 4.3, that the Holder must follow in order to have that Holders Notes
purchased.

(c) Holders electing to have a Note purchased will be required to surrender the Note, with an appropriate form duly completed, to the Company at the address specified in the notice
at least three Business Days prior to the purchase date. Holders will be entitled to withdraw their election if the Trustee or the Company receives not later than one Business Day prior to the purchase date, letter setting forth the name of the
Holder, the principal amount of the Note which was delivered for purchase by the Holder and a statement that such Holder is withdrawing such Holders election to have such Note purchased.

(d) On the purchase date, all Notes purchased by the Company under this Section 4.3 shall be delivered by the Company to the Trustee for cancellation, and the Company shall
pay the purchase price plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the Holders entitled thereto.

(e) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 4.3, the Company shall not be required to make a Change of Control Offer following a Change of Control
Triggering Event if a third party makes the Change of Control Offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements set forth in this Section 4.3 applicable to a Change of Control Offer made by the Company and
purchases all Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn under such Change of Control Offer.

(f) A Change of Control Offer may be made in advance of a Change of Control Triggering Event, and may be conditional upon the occurrence of such Change of Control Triggering Event,
if a definitive agreement is in place for the Change of Control at the time of the making of the Change of Control Offer.

(g) The Company shall comply, to the extent applicable, with the requirements of Section 14(e) of the Exchange Act and any other securities laws or
regulations in connection with the repurchase of Notes pursuant to this Section 4.3. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with provisions of this Section 4.3, the Company shall comply
with the applicable securities laws and regulations and shall not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Section 4.3 by virtue of its compliance with such securities laws or regulations.

ARTICLE FIVE

AMENDMENT, SUPPLEMENT AND WAIVER

SECTION 5.1 Without Consent of Holders of the Notes. The Indenture or the Notes may be amended, with respect to the
Notes, without notice to or the consent of any Noteholder by the Company and the Trustee:

13

(1) to cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency;

(2) to evidence the succession of another Person to the Company or any Subsidiary Guarantor and the assumption by any such Person of the obligations of the
Company or such Subsidiary Guarantor, in each case, in accordance with the provisions of Article Ten of the Base Indenture;

(3) to add any additional Events of Default;

(4) to add to the covenants of the Company or any Subsidiary Guarantor for the benefit of the Holders of all the Notes or to surrender any right or power
herein conferred upon the Company or any Subsidiary Guarantor;

(5) to add one or more guarantees for the benefit of Holders of the Notes;

(6) to evidence the release of any Subsidiary Guarantor from its Guarantee of the Notes in accordance with Article Thirteen of the Base Indenture (as amended
and supplemented by this Supplemental Indenture);

(7) to add collateral security with respect to the Notes or any Guarantee;

(8) to add or appoint a successor or separate Trustee or other agent;

(9) to provide for the issuance of any Additional Notes;

(10) to comply with any requirement in connection with qualifying the Indenture under the Trust Indenture Act;

(11) to comply with the rules of any applicable securities depository;

(12) to provide for uncertificated Notes in addition to or in place of certificated Notes; provided, however, that the uncertificated Notes are
issued in registered form for purposes of Section 163(f) of the Code;

(13) to conform the text of the Indenture, the Notes or any Guarantee to any provision of the Description of Notes set forth in the prospectus supplement dated
February 19, 2025 relating to the sale of the Notes, to the extent such provision in such Description of Notes was intended to set forth, verbatim or in substance, a provision of the Indenture, the Notes or the Guarantees; and

(14) to make any change if the change does not adversely affect in any material respect the interests of any Noteholder.

After an amendment under this Section 5.1 becomes effective, the Company shall mail or electronically deliver to Holders a notice briefly describing such amendment. The failure to
give such notice to all Holders, or any defect therein, shall not impair or affect the validity of an amendment under this Section 5.1.

14

SECTION 5.2 With Consent of Holders of Notes. The Indenture
or the Notes may be amended without notice to any Noteholder but with the written consent of the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding (including consents obtained in connection with a tender
offer or exchange for Notes) by the Company and the Trustee. However, without the consent of each Noteholder affected thereby, an amendment may not:

(1) change the Stated Maturity of the principal of, or installment of interest on, any Note;

(2) reduce the principal amount of, or the rate of interest on, any Notes;

(3) reduce any premium, if any, payable on the redemption of any Note or change the date on which any Note may or must be redeemed or repaid (for the avoidance
of doubt, the provisions set forth in Section 4.3 (including the definitions related thereto) may be amended or modified at any time prior to the occurrence of a Change of Control Triggering Event with the consent of Holders of at least
a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding);

(4) change the coin or currency in which the principal of, premium, if any, or interest on any Note is payable;

(5) release the Guarantee of any Subsidiary Guarantor except as provided under Article Thirteen of the Base Indenture (as amended and supplemented by this
Supplemental Indenture), or make any changes to such Guarantee in a manner adverse to the Holders;

(6) impair the right of any Holder to institute suit for the enforcement of any payment on or after the Stated Maturity of any Note;

(7) reduce the percentage in principal amount of the outstanding Notes, the consent of whose Holders is required in order to take certain actions;

(8) reduce the requirements for quorum or voting by Holders in the Indenture or the Notes;

(9) modify any of the provisions of the Indenture regarding the waiver of past defaults and the waiver of certain covenants by Holders except to increase any
percentage vote required or to provide that certain other provisions of the Indenture cannot be modified or waived without the consent of each Holder affected thereby; or

(10) modify any of the above provisions of this Section 5.2.

It shall not be necessary for the consent of the Holders under this Section 5.2 to approve the particular form of any proposed amendment, but it shall be sufficient if such consent
approves the substance thereof.

15

After an amendment under this Section 5.2 becomes effective, the Company shall mail or electronically deliver to Holders a notice briefly describing such amendment. The failure to
give such notice to all Holders, or any defect therein, shall not impair or affect the validity of an amendment under this Section 5.2.

SECTION 5.3 Compliance with Trust Indenture Act. Every
amendment to the Indenture or the Notes shall comply with the Trust Indenture Act as then in effect.

SECTION 5.4 Effect of Consents and Waivers. A consent to an
amendment, supplement or a waiver by a Holder of a Note shall bind the Holder and every subsequent Holder of that Note or portion of the Note that evidences the same debt as the consenting Holders Note, even if notation of the consent or waiver is
not made on the Note. After an amendment or waiver becomes effective with respect to the Notes, it shall bind every Holder.

The Company may, but shall not be obligated to, fix a record date for the purpose of determining the Holders entitled to give their consent or take any other action described above or
required or permitted to be taken pursuant to the Indenture. If a record date is fixed, then notwithstanding the immediately preceding paragraph, those Persons who were Holders at such record date (or their duly designated proxies), and only those
Persons, shall be entitled to give such consent or to take any such action, whether or not such Persons continue to be Holders after such record date.

SECTION 5.5 Notation on or Exchange of Notes. If an
amendment changes the terms of a Note, the Trustee may require the Holder of the Note to deliver it to the Trustee. The Company shall provide in writing to the Trustee an appropriate notation to be placed on the Note regarding the changed terms
and return it to the Holder. Alternatively, if the Company or the Trustee so determine, the Company in exchange for the Note shall issue and the Trustee shall authenticate a new Note that reflects the changed terms. Failure to make the
appropriate notation or to issue a new Note shall not affect the validity of such amendment.

SECTION 5.6 Trustee To Sign Amendments. The Trustee shall
sign any amendment authorized pursuant to this Article Five if the amendment does not adversely affect the rights, duties, liabilities or immunities of the Trustee. If it does, the Trustee may but need not sign it. In signing such
amendment the Trustee shall receive indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it and receive, and (subject to Sections 8.01 and 8.03 of the Base Indenture) shall be fully protected in
conclusively relying upon an Officers Certificate of the Company and an Opinion of Counsel stating that such amendment complies with the provisions of this Article Five and that such supplemental indenture constitutes the legal, valid and
binding obligation of the Company in accordance with its terms subject to customary exceptions.

ARTICLE SIX

GUARANTEES

SECTION 6.1 Guarantee. In accordance with Article Thirteen
of the Base Indenture (as amended and supplemented by this Supplemental Indenture), the Notes will be fully, unconditionally and absolutely guaranteed on a senior basis, jointly and severally, by the Subsidiary Guarantors.

16

SECTION 6.2 Future Subsidiary Guarantors. After the Issue
Date, the Company shall cause any Domestic Subsidiary that is not a Subsidiary Guarantor and that becomes a guarantor or a borrower under the Credit Agreement to execute and deliver to the Trustee within 60 days of becoming a guarantor or borrower
under the Credit Agreement, a supplemental indenture pursuant to which such Domestic Subsidiary shall become a Subsidiary Guarantor and shall provide a Guarantee of the Obligations with respect to the Notes.

ARTICLE SEVEN

DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES

SECTION 7.1 Events

of Default. An Event of Default occurs with respect to the Notes if:

(1) there is a default in any payment of interest on any Note when the same becomes due and payable, and such default continues for 30 days;

(2) there is a default in the payment of the principal or premium, if any, of any Note when the same becomes due and payable at its Stated Maturity, upon
optional redemption or otherwise;

(3) the Company or any Subsidiary Guarantor fails to comply with any of its agreements in the Notes or the Indenture (other than those referred to in clauses

(1) or (2) above) and such failure continues for 90 days after the notice specified below;

(4) there is a failure to make any payment at maturity, including any applicable grace period, in respect of Indebtedness of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries (other than Indebtedness of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries owing to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries) in an amount in excess of $100,000,000 or the equivalent
thereof in any other currency or composite currency and such failure shall have continued for 30 days after the notice specified below; provided, however, that if any such failure shall cease, or be cured, waived, rescinded or
annulled, then the Event of Default by reason thereof shall be deemed likewise to have been cured;

(5) there is a default with respect to any Indebtedness of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Indebtedness of the Company or of any of its
Subsidiaries owing to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries), which default results in the acceleration of such Indebtedness in an amount in excess of $100,000,000 or the equivalent
thereof in any other currency or composite currency without such Indebtedness having been discharged or such acceleration having been cured, waived, rescinded or annulled for a period of 30 days after the notice specified below; provided,
however, that if any such default or acceleration shall be cured, waived, rescinded or annulled then the Event of Default by reason thereof shall be deemed likewise to have been cured;

17

(6) the Company or any Subsidiary Guarantor pursuant to or within the meaning of any Bankruptcy Law:

(A) commences a voluntary case;

(B) consents to the entry of an order for relief against it in an involuntary case in which it is the debtor;

(C) consents to the appointment of a Custodian of it or for any substantial part of its property; or

(D) makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors;

or takes any comparable action under any foreign laws relating to insolvency;

(7) a court of competent jurisdiction enters an order or decree under any Bankruptcy Law that:

(A) is for relief against the Company or any Subsidiary Guarantor in an involuntary case;

(B) appoints a Custodian of the Company or for any substantial part of the property of the Company or any Subsidiary Guarantor; or

(C) orders the winding up or liquidation of the Company or any Subsidiary Guarantor;

(or any similar relief is granted under any foreign laws) and the order, decree or relief remains unstayed and in effect for 60 consecutive days; or

(8) the Guarantee of any Subsidiary Guarantor ceases to be in full force and effect during its term or such Subsidiary Guarantor denies or disaffirms in
writing its obligations under the terms of the Indenture or its Guarantee, in each case, other than any such cessation, denial or disaffirmation in connection with the termination of such Guarantee pursuant to the provisions of Article Thirteen
of the Base Indenture (as amended and supplemented by this Supplemental Indenture).

The foregoing will constitute Events of Default whatever the reason for any such Event of Default and whether it is voluntary or involuntary or is effected by operation of law or pursuant
to any judgment, decree or order of any court or any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body.

A Default with respect to Notes under clauses (3), (4) or (5) of this Section 7.1 is not an Event of Default until the Trustee (by notice to the Company) or the Holders of at least 25%
in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes (by notice to the Company and to the Trustee) gives notice of the Default and the Company does not cure such Default within the time specified in said clause (3), (4) or (5) after receipt of such notice. Such notice must
specify the Default, demand that it be remedied and state that such notice is a Notice of Default.

18

The Company shall deliver to the Trustee, within 30 days after the occurrence thereof, written notice in the form of an Officers Certificate of any event which with the giving of notice or
the lapse of time would become an Event of Default, its status and what action the Company is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto.

SECTION 7.2 Acceleration. If an Event of Default with respect to the Notes (other than
an Event of Default specified in Section 7.1(6) or 7.1(7) with respect to the Company) occurs and is continuing, the Trustee by notice to the Company, or the Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding
Notes by notice to the Company and the Trustee, may, and the Trustee at the request of such Holders, shall, declare the principal of, premium, if any, and accrued and unpaid interest on all the Notes to be due and payable. Upon such a declaration,
such principal, premium, if any, and accrued and unpaid interest shall be due and payable immediately. If an Event of Default specified in Section 7.1(6) or 7.1(7) with respect to the Company occurs and is continuing, the principal
of, premium, if any, and accrued and unpaid interest on all the Notes shall ipso facto become and be immediately due and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the Trustee or any
Holders. The Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes by notice to the Trustee may rescind an acceleration and its consequences if all existing Events of Default have been cured or waived except nonpayment of
principal, premium, if any, or interest that has become due solely because of such acceleration. No such rescission shall affect any subsequent Default or impair any right consequent thereto.

SECTION 7.3 Other Remedies. If an Event of Default with
respect to the Notes occurs and is continuing, the Trustee may in its discretion proceed to collect the payment of principal of, premium, if any, or interest on the Notes or to collect such monies or protect and enforce its rights and the rights of
the Holders of the Notes by such appropriate judicial proceedings as the Trustee shall deem most effectual to protect and enforce any such rights, whether for the specific enforcement of any covenant or agreement in the Indenture or in aid of the
exercise of any power granted herein, or to enforce any other proper remedy.

The Trustee may maintain a proceeding even if it does not possess any of the Notes or does not produce any of them in the proceeding. A delay or omission by the Trustee or any Holder in
exercising any right or remedy accruing upon an Event of Default shall not impair the right or remedy or constitute a waiver of or acquiescence in the Event of Default. No remedy is exclusive of any other remedy. All available remedies are, to
the extent permitted by law, cumulative.

SECTION 7.4 Waiver of Past Defaults. The Holders of no less
than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding by notice to the Trustee may, on behalf of the Holders of the Notes, waive any past or existing Default or Event of Default and its consequences except (1) a Default or Event of Default in the payment of the principal of, premium, if any, or interest on a Note or (2) a Default or
Event of Default in respect of a provision that under Section 5.2 cannot be amended without the consent of each Noteholder affected. When a Default or Event of Default is waived, such Default or Event of
Default shall cease to exist, and any Default or Event of Default arising therefrom shall be deemed to have been cured, for every purpose of the Indenture, but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default or Event of Default or
impair any consequent right.

19

SECTION 7.5 Control by Majority. Upon provision of security
or indemnity satisfactory to the Trustee, the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding may direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee with respect
to the Notes or of exercising any trust or power conferred on the Trustee. However, the Trustee, which may conclusively rely on opinions of counsel, may refuse to follow any direction that conflicts with law or the Indenture or that the Trustee
determines is unduly prejudicial to the rights of other Noteholders or would involve the Trustee in personal liability; provided, however, that the Trustee may take any other action deemed proper by the Trustee that is not
inconsistent with such direction (it being understood that the Trustee shall not have an affirmative duty to ascertain whether or not any actions or forbearances taken or suffered in accordance with such direction are unduly prejudicial to
Noteholders not joining in such direction).

SECTION 7.6 Limitation on Suits. A Holder of Notes may not
pursue any remedy with respect to the Indenture or the Notes unless:

(i) An Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and the Holder gives to the Trustee prior written notice stating that an Event of Default is
continuing;

(ii) the Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding make a written request to the Trustee to pursue the remedy;

(iii) such Holder or Holders offer to the Trustee security or indemnity satisfactory to it against any costs, liabilities or expenses in compliance with such
request;

(iv) the Trustee does not comply with the request within 60 days after receipt of the request and the offer of security or indemnity; and

(v) the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding do not give the Trustee a direction inconsistent with the request
during such 60-day period.

A Noteholder may not use the Indenture to prejudice the rights of another Noteholder or to obtain a preference or priority over another Noteholder.

SECTION 7.7 Rights of Holders to Receive Payment. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Indenture, the right of any Holder to receive payment of principal of, premium, if any, and interest on the Notes held by such Holder, on or after the respective due dates expressed or provided for in the
Notes, or to bring suit for the enforcement of any such payment on or after such respective dates, shall not be impaired or affected without the consent of such Holder.

SECTION 7.8 Collection Suit by Trustee. If an Event of
Default specified in Section 7.1(1) or 7.1(2) occurs and is continuing, the Trustee may recover judgment in its own name and as trustee of an express trust against the Company for the whole amount then due and owing (together with
interest on any unpaid interest to the extent lawful) and the amounts provided for in Section 8.07 of the Base Indenture.

20

SECTION 7.9 Trustee May File Proofs of Claim. The Trustee
may file such proofs of claim and other papers or documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Trustee (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its
agents and counsel) and the Holders allowed in any judicial proceedings relative to the Company, its creditors or any other obligor upon the Notes, or any of their creditors or the property of the Company or such other obligor or their creditors
and, unless prohibited by law or applicable regulations, may vote on behalf of the Holders in any election of a trustee in bankruptcy or other Person performing similar functions, and any Custodian in any such judicial proceeding is hereby
authorized by each Holder to make payments to the Trustee and, in the event that the Trustee shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Holders, to pay to the Trustee any amount due it for the reasonable compensation, expenses,
disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and its counsel, and any other amounts due the Trustee under Section 8.07 of the Base Indenture.

SECTION 7.10 Priorities. Any money or other property
collected by the Trustee pursuant to this Article Seven, or any money or other property otherwise distributable in respect of the Companys obligations under the Indenture, shall be applied in the following order:

FIRST: to the Trustee (including any predecessor Trustee) for amounts due under Section 8.07 of the Base Indenture;

SECOND: to Holders for amounts due and unpaid on the Notes for principal, premium, if any, and interest, ratably, without preference or priority of any kind, according to the amounts due
and payable on the Notes for principal, premium, if any, and interest, respectively; and

THIRD: to the Company.

The Trustee may, upon prior written notice to the Company, fix a record date and payment date for any payment to Holders pursuant to this Section 7.10. At least 15 days before such
record date, the Company shall mail or electronically deliver to each Holder and the Trustee a notice that states the record date, the payment date and amount to be paid.

SECTION 7.11 Undertaking for Costs. In any suit for the
enforcement of any right or remedy under the Indenture or in any suit against the Trustee for any action taken or omitted by it as Trustee, a court in its discretion may require the filing by any party litigant in the suit of an undertaking to pay
the costs of the suit, and the court in its discretion may assess reasonable costs, including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses, against any party litigant in the suit, having due regard to the merits and good faith of the claims or defenses
made by the party litigant. This Section 7.11 does not apply to a suit by the Trustee, a suit by a Holder pursuant to Section 7.7 or a suit by Holders of more than 10% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes.

SECTION 7.12 Waiver of Stay or Extension Laws. The Company (to
the extent it may lawfully do so) shall not at any time insist upon, or plead, or in any manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any stay or extension law wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, which may
affect the covenants or the performance of the Indenture; and the Company (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) hereby expressly waives all benefit or advantage of any such law, and shall not hinder, delay or impede the execution of any power
herein granted to the Trustee, but shall suffer and permit the execution of every such power as though no such law had been enacted.

21

ARTICLE EIGHT

APPLICATION OF SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE

AND CREATION OF THE INITIAL NOTES

SECTION 8.1 Application of This Supplemental Indenture. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Supplemental Indenture, the provisions of this Supplemental Indenture, including as provided in Section 8.2 below, are expressly and solely for the benefit of the Trustee and the Holders. The
Initial Notes constitute a series of Securities as provided in Section 3.01 of the Base Indenture. Unless otherwise expressly specified, references in this Supplemental Indenture to specific Article numbers or Section
numbers refer to Articles and Sections contained in this Supplemental Indenture, and not the Base Indenture or any other document.

SECTION 8.2 Effect of Supplemental Indenture. With respect
to the Notes only, the Base Indenture shall be supplemented pursuant to Section 11.01(c) thereof to establish the form and terms of the Notes as set forth in this Supplemental Indenture, including, without limitation,
as follows:

(i) Definitions. The definition of each term set forth in Section 1.01 of the Base Indenture is, with respect to the
Notes, deleted and replaced in its entirety by the definition ascribed to such term in Article One of this Supplemental Indenture to the extent any such term is defined in both the Base Indenture and this Supplemental Indenture.

(ii) Provisions of General Application; Security Forms and Transfer and Exchange. The provisions of Article Two and Article Three of the Base Indenture
are, with respect to the Notes, hereby supplemented by and shall be in addition to the provisions of Article Two of this Supplemental Indenture.

(iii) Redemption. The provisions of Article Four of the Base Indenture are, with respect to the Notes, hereby supplemented by and shall be in addition to
the provisions of Article Three of this Supplemental Indenture; provided that, Section 4.03 of the Base Indenture is, with respect the Notes, deleted and replaced in its entirety by Section 3.2 of
this Supplemental Indenture.

(iv) Covenants. The provisions of Article Twelve of the Base Indenture are, with respect to the Notes, hereby supplemented by and shall be in addition
to the provisions of Article Four of this Supplemental Indenture.

(v) Defeasance. With respect to the Notes, the operation of Sections 7.01(d), 7.01(e), 7.01(f) and 7.01(i) (covenant defeasance option) in Section 6.01(b)(ii) of the Base Indenture is deleted and replaced by the following: the
operation of Sections 7.01(d), 7.01(e), 7.01(f) and 7.01(i) of the Base Indenture and Sections 4.1, 4.2 and
4.3 of this Supplemental Indenture (covenant defeasance option).

22

(vi) Amendment, Supplement and Waiver. The provisions of Article Eleven (other than Section 11.05) of the Base Indenture
are, with respect to the Notes, deleted and replaced in their entirety by the provisions of Article Five of this Supplemental Indenture.

(vii) Guarantees.

(A) The provisions of Article Thirteen of the Base Indenture are, with respect to the Notes, hereby supplemented by and shall be in addition to the provisions
of Article Six of this Supplemental Indenture.

(B) With respect to the Notes, [Reserved] in Section 13.06(1) of the Base Indenture is deleted and
replaced by the following: upon the termination for any reason of the obligations of such Subsidiary Guarantor as a guarantor or borrower under the Credit Agreement (including, without limitation, pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement,
upon agreement of the requisite lenders under the Credit Agreement or upon the termination of the Credit Agreement or upon the replacement thereof with a credit facility not providing for such Subsidiary Guarantor to be a guarantor or a
borrower thereunder).

(viii) Default and Remedies. The provisions of Article Seven of the Base Indenture are, with respect to the Notes, deleted and replaced in their entirety
by the provisions of Article Seven of this Supplemental Indenture.

To the extent that the provisions of this Supplemental Indenture (including those referred to in clauses (i) through (viii) above) conflict with any provision of the Base
Indenture, the provisions of this Supplemental Indenture shall govern and be controlling, with respect to the Notes. Except as set forth in this Supplemental Indenture, the provisions of the Base Indenture shall remain in full force and effect
with respect to the Notes.

ARTICLE NINE

MISCELLANEOUS

SECTION 9.1 The Supplemental Indenture. The Base Indenture, as amended and modified by this Supplemental Indenture,
hereby is in all respects ratified, confirmed and approved. This Supplemental Indenture shall be construed in connection with and as part of the Base Indenture.

23

SECTION 9.2 Counterparts. The parties may sign any number of copies of the Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all
of them together represent the same agreement. One signed copy is enough to prove the Supplemental Indenture.

SECTION 9.3 Effect of Headings and Table of Contents. The Article and Section headings herein and the Table of Contents are for convenience only
and shall not affect the construction hereof.

SECTION 9.4 Governing Law. This Supplemental Indenture and the Notes shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State
of New York.

SECTION 9.5 No Representation. The Trustee makes no representations as to the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture.

SECTION 9.6 Notices. Any notice or communication shall be in writing and delivered in person, electronically or mailed by first-class mail addressed as follows:

if to the Company or any Subsidiary Guarantor:

Expedia Group, Inc.

1111 Expedia Group Way W

Seattle, WA 98119

Attention: Treasurer and Chief Legal Officer

Email: [Redacted]

if to the Trustee:

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association

190 South LaSalle Street, 10th Floor

Chicago, IL 60603

Attention: Corporate Trust Services Expedia

email: [Redacted]

Any notices between the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the Trustee may be by electronic delivery, or certified first-class mail, receipt confirmed. The Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors or the Trustee by
notice to the others may designate additional or different addresses for subsequent notices or communications.

Any notice or communication mailed to a Noteholder shall be mailed to the Noteholder at the Noteholders address as it appears on the registration books of the Securities Registrar and shall be sufficiently given if so
mailed within the time prescribed. Notices or communications also may be electronically delivered to Noteholders.

Failure to mail or electronically deliver a notice or communication to a Noteholder or any defect in it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other Noteholders. If a notice or communication is mailed in the
manner provided above, it is duly given, whether or not the addressee receives it.

24

SECTION 9.7 When Notes Disregarded. In determining whether the Holders of the
required principal amount of Notes have concurred in any direction, waiver or consent, Notes owned by the Company or an Affiliate of the Company shall be disregarded and deemed not to be outstanding, except that, for the purpose of determining
whether the Trustee shall be protected in conclusively relying on any such direction, waiver or consent, only Notes which a Responsible Officer of the Trustee actually knows are so owned shall be so disregarded. Also, subject to the foregoing,
only Notes outstanding at the time shall be considered in any such determination.

SECTION 9.8 Rules by Trustee, Paying Agent and Securities Registrar. The Trustee may make reasonable rules for action by or a meeting of Noteholders. The Securities Registrar
and the Paying Agent may make reasonable rules for their functions.

SECTION 9.9 No Recourse Against Others. A director, officer, employee or stockholder (other than the Company), as such, of the Company shall not have any liability for any
obligations of the Company under the Notes or the Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of or by reason of such obligations or their creation. By accepting a Note, each Noteholder shall waive and release all such liability. The waiver
and release shall be part of the consideration for the issue of the Notes.

SECTION 9.10 Variable Provisions. The Company initially appoints the Trustee as Paying Agent and Securities Registrar and custodian with respect to any Global Notes.

[Signatures on following page]

25

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this supplemental indenture to be duly executed as of the date first above written.

EXPEDIA GROUP, INC.,

as Issuer

By: 

/s/ Satinder Thiara

Name: 

Satinder (Tara) Thiara

Title: 

Senior Vice President and Treasurer

CRUISE, LLC

EAN.COM, LP

EXPEDIA GROUP COMMERCE, INC.

EXPEDIA, INC.

HIGHER POWER NUTRITION COMMON HOLDINGS, LLC

HOMEAWAY SOFTWARE, INC.

HOMEAWAY.COM, INC.

HOTELS.COM GP, LLC

HOTELS.COM, L.P.

HOTWIRE, INC.

HRN 99 HOLDINGS, LLC

LEMS I LLC

LIBERTY PROTEIN, INC.

O HOLDINGS INC.

ORBITZ, LLC

ORBITZ WORLDWIDE, INC.

TRAVELSCAPE, LLC

VRBO HOLDINGS, INC.

WWTE, INC.,

as Subsidiary Guarantors

By: 

/s/ Robert J. Dzielak

Name: 

Robert J. Dzielak

Title: 

Chief Legal Officer and Secretary

[Signature Page to First Supplemental Indenture]

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, 

NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 

as Trustee

By: 

/s/ Linda Garcia

Name: 

Linda Garcia

Title: 

Vice President

[Signature Page to First Supplemental Indenture]

EXHIBIT A

FORM OF 5.400% SENIOR NOTE DUE 2035

(Face of Note)

5.400% Senior Notes due 2035

[Global Note Legend]

[UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY TO THE COMPANY OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE
& CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY (AND ANY PAYMENT HEREON IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE
DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL SINCE THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.

TRANSFERS OF THIS GLOBAL NOTE SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, TO NOMINEES OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSORS NOMINEE AND TRANSFERS OF PORTIONS
OF THIS GLOBAL NOTE SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN THE INDENTURE REFERRED TO ON THE REVERSE HEREOF.]1

1 These paragraphs should be included only if the Note is a Global Note.

Ex. A-1

No. ___________ 

$[ ]
(subject to adjustment as reflected in the Schedule 

of Increases or Decreases in Global Note attached 

hereto)

EXPEDIA GROUP, INC.

5.400% SENIOR NOTE DUE 2035

CUSIP NO. [ ]

ISIN NO. [ ]

Expedia Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation, for value received, promises to pay to ___________, or registered assigns, the principal sum of ___________ Dollars (subject to adjustment as reflected in the Schedule of
Increases or Decreases in Global Note attached hereto) on February 15, 2035.

Interest Payment Dates: February 15 and August 15 of each year, commencing on [August 15, 2025] [first interest payment date relating to any Additional Notes].

Record Dates: February 1 and August 1 of each year (whether or not a Business Day).

Additional provisions of this Note are set forth on the other side of this Note.

Ex. A-2

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, EXPEDIA GROUP, INC. has caused this Note to be duly executed.

Dated: _________ _________, 20__

EXPEDIA GROUP, INC.,

By

Name:

Title:

Ex. A-3

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION 

This is one of the Securities of the series designated therein referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture:

Dated:

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signatory 

Ex. A-4

(Reverse of Note)

5.400% Senior Notes due 2035

EXPEDIA GROUP, INC.

Capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture referred to below unless otherwise indicated.

1. Interest.

Expedia Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (together with its successors and assigns under the Indenture hereinafter referred to, being herein called the Company), promises to pay interest on the principal amount of this Note at the
rate of 5.400% per annum.

The Company shall pay interest semiannually in arrears on February 15 and August 15 of each year (each such date, an Interest Payment Date), commencing on [August 15, 2025] [first Interest Payment Date relating to any Additional
Notes]. Interest on the Notes shall accrue from [February 21, 2025] [date of issuance of any Additional Notes], or from the most recent date to which interest has been paid or duly provided for on the Notes.

Interest shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve 30-day months.

2. Method of Payment.

By no later than 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the date on which any principal of, premium, if any, or interest on any Note is due and payable, the Company shall irrevocably deposit with the Trustee or the Paying Agent money sufficient to
pay such principal, premium, if any, and/or interest. The Company shall pay interest (except defaulted interest) to the Persons who are registered Holders of Notes at the close of business on the February 1 or August 1 (whether or not a Business
Day) immediately preceding the Interest Payment Date. Holders must surrender Notes to a Paying Agent to collect principal and premium payments. The Company shall pay principal, premium, if any, and interest in money of the United States that at
the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts. Payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Note held by the Depository (including principal, premium, if any, and interest) shall be made by the transfer of
immediately available funds to the accounts specified by the Depository Trust Company. The Company may make all payments in respect of a certificated Note (including principal, premium, if any, and interest) by mailing a check to the registered
address of each Holder thereof or by wire transfer to an account located in the United States maintained by the payee; provided that such Holder shall have furnished the Paying Agent with wire transfer instructions satisfactory to the Paying Agent
at least 15 calendar days prior to the payment date.

If any Interest Payment Date or other payment date of a Note falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the required payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest will be made on the next succeeding Business Day as if made on the date that
the payment was due, and no interest shall accrue on that payment for the period from and after that Interest Payment Date or other payment date, as the case may be, to the date of that payment on the next succeeding Business Day.

Ex. A-5

3. Paying Agent and Securities Registrar.

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, shall initially act as Paying Agent and Securities Registrar. The Company may appoint and change any Paying Agent or Securities Registrar without notice to any Holder. The Company or any of its
domestically organized wholly owned Subsidiaries may act as Paying Agent.

4. Indenture.

The Company issued the Notes under an Indenture dated as of February 21, 2025 (the Base Indenture), as supplemented and amended by the First Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 21, 2025 (the First Supplemental Indenture
and the Base Indenture, as so supplemented and amended and further supplemented or amended from time to time with respect to the Notes, the Indenture), among the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the Trustee. The terms of the Notes
include those stated in the Indenture and those made part of the Indenture by reference to the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 (15 U.S.C. 77aaa-77bbbb) as in effect on the date of the First Supplemental Indenture (the Trust Indenture Act). 
Capitalized terms used herein and not defined herein have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Indenture. The Notes are subject to all such terms, and Holders are referred to the Indenture and the Trust Indenture Act for a statement of those
terms. To the extent any provision of this Note conflicts with the express provisions of the Indenture, the provisions of the Indenture shall govern and be controlling.

The Notes are senior unsecured, unsubordinated obligations of the Company. This Note is one of the Initial Notes referred to in the Indenture. The Notes include the Initial Notes issued on the Issue Date and any Additional Notes issued in
accordance with Section 2.3 of the First Supplemental Indenture. The Initial Notes and any Additional Notes are treated as a single class of securities under the Indenture. The Indenture imposes certain limitations on the ability of the
Company and its Subsidiaries to create Liens, enter into sale and lease-back transactions and enter into mergers and consolidations.

5. Optional Redemption.

Prior to the Par Call Date, the Notes shall be redeemable, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at the option of the Company, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal
places) equal to the greater of (i) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the Redemption Date (assuming the notes matured on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis
(assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus 15 basis points less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption and (ii) 100% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed; plus, in either
case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the Redemption Date.

On or after the Par Call Date, the Notes shall be redeemable, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at the option of the Company, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus
accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the Redemption Date.

Ex. A-6

The following terms are relevant to the determination of the redemption price for any redemption prior to the Par Call Date:

Par Call Date means November 15, 2034, the date that is three (3) months prior to the Stated Maturity of the Notes.

Treasury Rate means, with respect to any Redemption Date, the yield determined by the Company in accordance with the following two paragraphs:

(i) The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Company after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the
Federal Reserve System), on the third Business Day preceding the Redemption Date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that appear after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily) - H.15 (or any successor designation or publication) (H.15) under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any
successor caption or heading) (H.15 TCM). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Company shall select, as applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the Redemption Date to the Par
Call Date (the Remaining Life); or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than
and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Life and shall interpolate to the Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding
the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For
purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the
Redemption Date.

(ii) If on the third Business Day preceding the Redemption Date H.15 TCM is no longer published, the Company shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent
yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second Business Day preceding such Redemption Date of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is
no United States Treasury security maturing on the Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally distant from the Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date and one
with a maturity date following the Par Call Date, the Company shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the Par Call
Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Company shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading
closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield
to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security,
and rounded to three decimal places.

Ex. A-7

The Companys actions and determinations in determining the redemption price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.

Except as set forth above, the Notes shall not be redeemable at the election of the Company prior to maturity.

The Notes shall not be entitled to the benefit of any sinking fund.

6. Notice of Redemption.

Notice of redemption will be mailed or electronically delivered (or otherwise transmitted in accordance with the Depositarys procedures) at least 15 days but not more than 60 days before the Redemption Date to each Holder of Notes to be
redeemed at his registered address. Notice of any redemption may, at the Companys discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent. In addition, if such redemption is subject to satisfaction of one or more conditions precedent, such
notice shall state that, in the Companys discretion, the Redemption Date may be delayed until such time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied, or such redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or
all such conditions shall not have been satisfied by the Redemption Date, or by the Redemption Date so delayed. Notes in denominations larger than $2,000 principal amount may be redeemed in part but only in whole multiples of $1,000. Notes of
$2,000 or less may be redeemed in whole and not in part. If money sufficient to pay the redemption price of and accrued interest on all Notes (or portions thereof) to be redeemed on the Redemption Date is deposited with the Paying Agent on or
before 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the Redemption Date (or, if the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is the Paying Agent, such money is segregated and held in trust), on and after the Redemption Date interest shall cease to accrue on such
Notes (or such portions thereof) called for redemption.

Unless the Company defaults in the payment of the redemption price, interest on the Notes or portions of Notes to be redeemed will cease to accrue on and after the applicable Redemption Date, whether or not such notes are presented for payment.

7. Put Provisions.

Upon a Change of Control Triggering Event, subject to limited exceptions, any Holder of Notes will have the right to cause the Company to repurchase all or any part of the Notes of such Holder at a repurchase price equal to 101% of the principal
amount of the Notes to be repurchased plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of repurchase (subject to the right of Holders of record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on an Interest Payment Date occurring on or prior to the
date of such repurchase) as provided in, and subject to the terms of, the Indenture.

Ex. A-8

8. Denominations; Transfer; Exchange.

The Notes are in fully registered form without coupons in denominations of principal amount of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. A Holder may register, transfer or exchange Notes in accordance with the Indenture. The
Securities Registrar may require a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate endorsements or transfer documents and to pay any taxes and fees required by law or permitted by the Indenture; provided that no service charge will be made for
any registration of transfer or exchange of Notes, but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any transfer tax or other similar governmental charge payable in connection therewith. The Securities Registrar need not register
the transfer of or exchange any Notes selected for redemption (except, in the case of a Note to be redeemed in part, the portion of the Note not to be redeemed) for a period beginning 15 days before the mailing or electronic delivery of a notice of
redemption of Notes to be redeemed and ending on the date of such mailing or electronic delivery.

9. Persons Deemed Owners.

The registered holder of this Note shall be treated as the owner of it for all purposes (subject to the rights of a registered holder as of a record date prior thereto to receive interest due on an Interest Payment Date as provided herein and in
the Indenture).

10. Unclaimed Money.

If money for the payment of principal, premium, if any, or interest remains unclaimed for two years after the date of payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest, the Trustee or Paying Agent shall pay the money back to the Company at its
request. After any such payment, all liability of the Trustee and the Paying Agent with respect to such money shall cease and Holders entitled to the money must look only to the Company and not to the Trustee for payment.

11. Defeasance.

Subject to certain conditions set forth in the Indenture, the Company at any time may terminate some or all of its obligations under the Notes and the Indenture if the Company deposits with the Trustee U.S. dollars or U.S. Government Obligations
for the payment of principal of, premium, if any, and interest on the Notes to redemption or maturity, as the case may be.

12. Guarantees.

The Companys obligation to pay principal, premium, if any, and interest with respect to the Notes is unconditionally guaranteed on an unsecured, unsubordinated basis, jointly and severally, by the Subsidiary Guarantors pursuant to Article
Thirteen of the Base Indenture (as amended and supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture).

13. Amendment, Waiver.

Subject to certain exceptions set forth in the Indenture, (i) the Indenture or the Notes may be amended with the written consent of the Holders of at least a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Notes and (ii) any default or
noncompliance with any provision of the Indenture or the Notes may be waived with the written consent of the Holders of at least a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Notes (including consents obtained in connection with a tender offer
or exchange for Notes).

Ex. A-9

However, the Indenture requires the consent of each Holder that would be affected for certain specified amendments or modifications of the Indenture and the Notes. Subject to certain exceptions set forth in the Indenture, the Indenture or the
Notes may be amended, with respect to the Notes, without notice to or the consent of any Noteholder by the Company and the Trustee:

(1) to cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency;

(2) to evidence the succession of another Person to the Company or any Subsidiary Guarantor and the assumption by any such Person of the obligations of the Company or such Subsidiary Guarantor, in each case,
in accordance with the provisions of Article Ten of the Base Indenture;

(3) to add any additional Events of Default;

(4) to add to the covenants of the Company or any Subsidiary Guarantor for the benefit of the Holders of all the Notes or to surrender any right or power herein conferred upon the Company or any Subsidiary
Guarantor;

(5) to add one or more guarantees for the benefit of Holders of the Notes;

(6) to evidence the release of any Subsidiary Guarantor from its Guarantee of the Notes in accordance with Article Thirteen of the Base Indenture (as amended and supplemented by this Supplemental Indenture);

(7) to add collateral security with respect to the Notes or any Guarantee;

(8) to add or appoint a successor or separate Trustee or other agent;

(9) to provide for the issuance of any Additional Notes;

(10) to comply with any requirement in connection with qualifying the Indenture under the Trust Indenture Act;

(11) to comply with the rules of any applicable securities depository;

(12) to provide for uncertificated Notes in addition to or in place of certificated Notes; provided, however, that the uncertificated Notes are issued in registered form for purposes of Section 163(f) of the
Code;

(13) to conform the text of the Indenture, the Notes or any Guarantee to any provision of the Description of Notes set forth in the prospectus supplement dated February 19, 2025 relating to the sale of the
Notes, to the extent such provision in such Description of Notes was intended to set forth, verbatim or in substance, a provision of the Indenture, the Notes or the Guarantees; and

Ex. A-10

(14) to make any change if the change does not adversely affect in any material respect the interests of any Noteholder.

14. Defaults and Remedies.

Under the Indenture, Events of Default include:

(i) default for 30 days in payment of interest on the Notes;

(ii) default in payment of principal, or premium, if any, on the Notes when due at its Stated Maturity, upon optional redemption or otherwise;

(iii) failure by the Company or any Subsidiary Guarantor to comply with any other agreement in the Indenture or the Notes, subject to notice and lapse of time;

(iv) failure to make any payment at maturity, including any applicable grace period, in respect of Indebtedness of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Indebtedness of the Company or of any of its
Subsidiaries owing to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries) in an amount in excess of $100,000,000, subject to certain conditions;

(v) default in respect of other Indebtedness of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Indebtedness of the Company or of any of its Subsidiaries owing to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries) in an amount
in excess of $100,000,000, which results in the acceleration of such Indebtedness, subject to certain conditions;

(vi) certain events of bankruptcy or insolvency involving the Company or any Subsidiary Guarantor; and

(vii) the Guarantee of any Subsidiary Guarantor ceases to be in full force and effect during its term or any Subsidiary Guarantor denies or disaffirms in writing its obligations under the Indenture or its Guarantee,
other than any such cessation, denial or disaffirmation in connection with the termination of such Guarantee pursuant to the provisions of the Indenture.

If an Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Trustee or the Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes may declare all the Notes to be due and payable immediately. Certain events of bankruptcy or insolvency
involving the Company are Events of Default which will result in the Notes being due and payable immediately upon the occurrence of such Events of Default.

Holders may not enforce the Indenture or the Notes except as provided in the Indenture. The Trustee may refuse to enforce the Indenture or the Notes unless it receives indemnity or security satisfactory to it. Subject to certain limitations,
Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Notes may direct the Trustee in its exercise of any trust or power. The Trustee may withhold from Holders notice of any continuing Default or Event of Default (except a Default or Event of Default
in payment of principal, premium, if any, or interest) if it in good faith determines that withholding notice is not opposed to their interest.

Ex. A-11

15. Trustee Dealings with the Company.

Subject to certain limitations set forth in the Indenture, the Trustee under the Indenture, in its individual or any other capacity, may become the owner or pledgee of Notes and may otherwise deal with and collect obligations owed to it by the
Company and may otherwise deal with the Company with the same rights it would have if it were not Trustee.

16. No Recourse Against Others.

A director, officer, employee or stockholder (other than the Company), as such, of the Company shall not have any liability for any obligations of the Company under the Notes or the Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of or by reason
of such obligations or their creation. By accepting a Note, each Holder waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for the issue of the Notes.

17. Authentication.

This Note shall not be valid until an authorized signatory of the Trustee (or an authenticating agent acting on its behalf) manually signs the certificate of authentication on the other side of this Note.

18. Abbreviations.

Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Holder or an assignee, such as TEN COM (tenants in common), TEN ENT (tenants by the entirety), JT TEN (joint tenants with rights of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (custodian)
and U/G/M/A (Uniform Gift to Minors Act).

19. CUSIP and ISIN Numbers.

The Company has caused CUSIP and ISIN numbers and/or other similar numbers to be printed on the Notes and has directed the Trustee to use CUSIP and ISIN numbers and/or other similar numbers in notices of redemption as a convenience to Holders. 
No representation is made as to the accuracy of such numbers either as printed on the Notes or as contained in any notice of redemption and reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers placed thereon.

20. Governing Law.

This Note shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.

Ex. A-12

ASSIGNMENT FORM

To assign this Note, fill in the form below:

I or we assign and transfer this Note to

(Print or type assignees name, address and zip code)

(Insert assignees Social Security or Tax I.D. No.)

and irrevocably appoint as agent to transfer this Note on the books of the Company. The agent may substitute another to act for him.

Date: 

Your Signature: 

Signature Guarantee:

(Signature must be guaranteed by a participant in a recognized Signature Guarantee Medallion Program or other signature guarantor program reasonably acceptable to the Trustee)

Sign exactly as your name appears on the other side of this Note.

Ex. A-13

OPTION OF HOLDER TO ELECT PURCHASE

If you want to elect to have this Note purchased by the Company pursuant to Section 4.3 of the First Supplemental Indenture (Change of Control Triggering Event), check the box:

Change of Control Triggering Event

If you want to elect to have only part of this Note purchased by the Company pursuant to Section 4.3 of the First Supplemental Indenture (Change of Control Triggering Event), state the principal amount to be purchased:

$ 

($1,000 or an integral multiple thereof, provided that the unpurchased portion of this Note must be in a principal amount of at least $2,000)

Dated:

Your Signature: 

(Sign exactly as your name appears

on the other side of this Note)

Signature Guarantee: 

(Signature must be guaranteed)

Signatures must be guaranteed by an eligible guarantor institution meeting the requirements of the Securities Registrar, which requirements include membership or participation in the Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program (STAMP) or such
other signature guarantee program as may be determined by the Securities Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Ex. A-14

SCHEDULE A

SCHEDULE OF EXCHANGES OF INTERESTS IN THE GLOBAL NOTE

The following increases or decreases in this Global Note have been made:

Date of Exchange 

Amount of

Decrease in

Principal

Amount of this

Global Note 

Amount of

Increase in

Principal

Amount of this

Global Note 

Principal

Amount of this

Global Note

Following Such

Decrease (or

Increase) 

Signature of

Authorized

Officer of

Trustee or

Notes Custodian

Ex. A-15
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ny20042512x5_ex5-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 5.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 5.1

MARTIN LIPTON

HERBERT M. WACHTELL

EDWARD D. HERLIHY

DANIEL A. NEFF

STEVEN A. ROSENBLUM

SCOTT K. CHARLES

JODI J. SCHWARTZ

ADAM O. EMMERICH

RALPH M. LEVENE

ROBIN PANOVKA

DAVID A. KATZ

ILENE KNABLE GOTTS

ANDREW J. NUSSBAUM

RACHELLE SILVERBERG

STEVEN A. COHEN

DEBORAH L. PAUL

DAVID C. KARP

RICHARD K. KIM

JOSHUA R. CAMMAKER

MARK GORDON

JEANNEMARIE OBRIEN 

STEPHEN R. DiPRIMA

NICHOLAS G. DEMMO

IGOR KIRMAN

JONATHAN M. MOSES

T. EIKO STANGE

WILLIAM SAVITT

GREGORY E. OSTLING

DAVID B. ANDERS

ADAM J. SHAPIRO

NELSON O. FITTS

JOSHUA M. HOLMES

DAVID E. SHAPIRO

DAMIAN G. DIDDEN

IAN BOCZKO

MATTHEW M. GUEST

DAVID E. KAHAN

DAVID K. LAM

BENJAMIN M. ROTH

JOSHUA A. FELTMAN

ELAINE P. GOLIN

EMIL A. KLEINHAUS 

51 WEST 52ND STREET

NEW YORK, N.Y. 10019-6150

TELEPHONE: (212) 403-1000

FACSIMILE: (212) 403-2000

KARESSA L. CAIN

RONALD C. CHEN

BRADLEY R. WILSON

GRAHAM W. MELI

GREGORY E. PESSIN

CARRIE M. REILLY

MARK F. VEBLEN

SARAH K. EDDY

VICTOR GOLDFELD

RANDALL W. JACKSON

BRANDON C. PRICE

KEVIN S. SCHWARTZ

MICHAEL S. BENN

ALISON Z. PREISS

TIJANA J. DVORNIC

JENNA E. LEVINE

RYAN A. McLEOD

ANITHA REDDY

JOHN L. ROBINSON

STEVEN WINTER

EMILY D. JOHNSON 

JACOB A. KLING

RAAJ S. NARAYAN

VIKTOR SAPEZHNIKOV

MICHAEL J. SCHOBEL

ELINA TETELBAUM

ERICA E. AHO

LAUREN M. KOFKE

ZACHARY S. PODOLSKY

RACHEL B. REISBERG

MARK A. STAGLIANO

CYNTHIA FERNANDEZ LUMERMANN

CHRISTINA C. MA

NOAH B. YAVITZ

BENJAMIN S. ARFA

NATHANIEL D. CULLERTON

ERIC M. FEINSTEIN

ADAM L. GOODMAN

STEVEN R. GREEN

MENG LU

GEORGE A. KATZ (19651989)

JAMES H. FOGELSON (19671991)

LEONARD M. ROSEN (19652014)

OF COUNSEL

ANDREW R. BROWNSTEIN

WAYNE M. CARLIN

BEN M. GERMANA

SELWYN B. GOLDBERG

PETER C. HEIN

JB KELLY

JOSEPH D. LARSON

RICHARD G. MASON

PHILIP MINDLIN

THEODORE N. MIRVIS

DAVID S. NEILL

TREVOR S. NORWITZ 

ERIC S. ROBINSON

ERIC M. ROSOF

JOHN F. SAVARESE

MICHAEL J. SEGAL

WON S. SHIN

DAVID M. SILK

ELLIOTT V. STEIN

LEO E. STRINE, JR.*

PAUL VIZCARRONDO, JR.

JEFFREY M. WINTNER

AMY R. WOLF

MARC WOLINSKY

* ADMITTED IN DELAWARE

COUNSEL

DAVID M. ADLERSTEIN

SUMITA AHUJA

HEATHER D. CASTEEL

FRANCO CASTELLI

ANDREW J.H. CHEUNG

PAMELA EHRENKRANZ

ALINE R. FLODR

KATHRYN GETTLES-ATWA

LEDINA GOCAJ

ADAM M. GOGOLAK 

ANGELA K. HERRING

MICHAEL W. HOLT

DONGHWA KIM

MARK A. KOENIG

J. AUSTIN LYONS

ALICIA C. McCARTHY

JUSTIN R. ORR

NEIL M. SNYDER

JEFFREY A. WATIKER

February 21, 2025

Expedia Group, Inc.

1111 Expedia Group Way W.

Seattle, Washington 98119

Re: Expedia Group, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 21, 2025

Ladies and Gentlemen:

We have acted as special outside counsel to Expedia Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), in connection with the sale by the Company to the Underwriters (as defined below) pursuant to the Underwriting
Agreement, dated February 19, 2025 (the Underwriting Agreement), between the Company, the subsidiaries of the Company party thereto (the Subsidiary Guarantors), and Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, as representatives of
the several underwriters listed in Schedule 1 thereto (the Underwriters), pursuant to the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-285042) (the Registration

Statement) of $1,000,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 5.400% Notes due 2035 (the Notes), issued under the Indenture dated as of February 21, 2025 (the Base Indenture), between
the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee), as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 21, 2025 (the Supplemental Indenture, and the Base Indenture as supplemented by the Supplemental Indenture, the Company Indenture), between the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the Trustee.

We have examined and relied on originals or copies certified or otherwise identified to our satisfaction of such documents, corporate
records, certificates of the Company and public officials and other instruments as we have deemed necessary or appropriate for the purposes of this letter, including (a) the Registration Statement; (b) the base prospectus, dated February 19, 2025,
included in the Registration Statement, but excluding the documents incorporated therein; (c) the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement, dated February 19, 2025, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) pursuant to Rule
424(b)(2) under the Securities Act of 1933 (the Act), but excluding the documents incorporated by reference therein; (d) the final term sheet, dated February 19, 2025, as filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 433 under the Act; (e) the
Prospectus Supplement, dated February 19, 2025, as filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2) under the Act, but excluding the documents incorporated by reference therein; (f) a copy of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
of the Company and a copy of the Amended and Restated By-Laws of the Company, each as set forth in the certificate of the Chief Legal Officer and Secretary of the Company, dated as of February 21, 2025; (g) the Company Indenture; (h) a copy of the
Global Notes (CUSIP 30212PBL8), represented by Certificate Nos. 001 and 002, dated as of February 21, 2025; (i) an executed copy of the Underwriting Agreement; and (j) resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Company, the Executive Committee of
the Board of Directors, and the Subsidiary Guarantors relating to the issuance of the Notes. In such examination, we have assumed (i) the authenticity of original documents and the genuineness of all signatures; (ii) the conformity to the originals
of all documents submitted to us as copies; (iii) the truth, accuracy and completeness of the information, representations and warranties contained in the agreements, records, documents, instruments and certificates we have reviewed; (iv) all Notes
will be issued and sold in compliance with applicable foreign, U.S. federal and state securities laws and in the manner stated in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus Supplement; and (v) the Underwriting Agreement has been duly authorized
and validly executed and delivered by the Underwriters. We also have assumed that the terms of the Notes have been established so as not to, and that the execution and delivery by the parties thereto and the performance of such parties obligations under the Notes will not, breach, contravene, violate, conflict with or constitute a default under (1) any law, rule or regulation to which any party
thereto is subject (excepting the laws of the State of New York and the federal securities laws of the United States of America as such laws apply to the Company), (2) any judicial or regulatory order or decree of any governmental authority, or (3)
any consent, approval, license, authorization or validation of, or filing, recording or registration with, any governmental authority. We also have assumed that the Company Indenture and the Notes are the valid and legally binding obligation of the
Trustee. As to any facts material to the opinion expressed herein that we did not independently establish or verify, we have relied upon statements and representations of officers and other representatives of the Company and others. We have further
assumed the legal capacity of all natural persons, the genuineness of all signatures, the authenticity of all documents submitted to us as originals, the conformity to original documents of documents submitted to us as certified, facsimile,
conformed, electronic or photostatic copies, and the authenticity of the originals of such copies.

We are members of the Bar of the State of New York, and we have not considered, and we express no opinion as to, the laws of any
jurisdiction other than the laws of the State of New York as in effect on the date hereof.

Insofar as the opinions expressed herein relate to or are
dependent upon matters governed by (i) the laws of the State of Nevada, we have relied upon the letter dated the date hereof of Brownstein Hyatt Farber Schreck, LLP, special counsel to the Subsidiary Guarantors incorporated or organized in the
State of Nevada; (ii) the laws of the State of Texas and the State of Washington, we have relied upon the letter dated the date hereof of Perkins Coie LLP, special
counsel to the Subsidiary Guarantors incorporated or organized in the State of Texas and the State of Washington; and (iii) the laws of the State of Delaware, we have relied upon the letter dated the date hereof of Morris, Nichols, Arsht & Tunnell LLP, special counsel to the Company and the Subsidiary Guarantors incorporated or organized in the State of Delaware; in each case of clauses (i) through (iii),
which are filed as exhibits to the Current Report.

Based upon the foregoing, and subject to the qualifications set forth in this letter, we advise you that, in our opinion, the Notes, when
duly executed, authenticated, issued, delivered and paid for in accordance with the terms of the Company Indenture and the Underwriting Agreement, will be valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance
with their terms.

The opinion set forth above is subject to the effects of (a) bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, fraudulent transfer,
reorganization, moratorium and other similar laws relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally; (b) general equitable principles (whether
considered in a proceeding in equity or at law); (c) an implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing; (d) provisions of law that require that a judgment for money damages rendered by a court in the United States be expressed only in United States
dollars; (e) limitations by any governmental authority that limit, delay or prohibit the making of payments outside the United States; and (f) generally applicable laws that (i) provide for the enforcement of oral waivers or modifications where a
material change of position in reliance thereon has occurred or provide that a course of performance may operate as a waiver, (ii) limit the availability of a remedy under certain circumstances where another remedy has been elected, (iii) limit the
enforceability of provisions releasing, exculpating or exempting a party from, or requiring indemnification of a party for, liability for its own action or inaction, to the extent the action or inaction involves negligence, gross negligence,
recklessness, willful misconduct or unlawful conduct, (iv) may, where less than all of a contract may be unenforceable, limit the enforceability of the balance of the contract to circumstances in which the unenforceable portion is not an essential
part of the agreed-upon exchange, (v) may limit the enforceability of provisions providing for compounded interest, imposing increased interest rates or late payment charges upon delinquency in payment or default or providing for liquidated damages
or for premiums or penalties upon acceleration, or (vi) limit the waiver of rights under usury laws. Furthermore, the manner in which any particular issue relating to the opinion would be treated in any actual court case would depend in part on facts
and circumstances particular to the case and would also depend on how the court involved chose to exercise the wide discretionary authority generally available to it. We express no opinion as to the effect of Section 210(p) of the Dodd-Frank Wall
Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, as amended.

We express no opinion as to whether, or the extent to which, the laws of any particular jurisdiction apply to the subject matter hereof,
including, without limitation, the enforceability of the governing law provision contained in the Notes and the Company Indenture. We express no opinion as to the ability of another court, federal or state, to accept jurisdiction and/or venue in the
event the chosen court is unavailable for any reason, including, without limitation, natural disaster, act of God, human health or safety reasons (including a pandemic) or otherwise.

This letter speaks only as of its date and is delivered in accordance with the requirements of Item 601(b)(5) of Regulation S-K under the
Act. We hereby consent to the filing of a copy of this opinion letter as an exhibit to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on February 21, 2025, and to
the use of our name in the Prospectus Supplement forming a part of the Registration Statement under the caption Legal Matters. In giving this consent, we do not thereby admit that we are within the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Act.

Very truly yours,

/s/ Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.2
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ny20042512x5_ex5-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 5.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 5.2

Brownstein Hyatt Farber Schreck, LLP

702.382.2101 main

100 North City Parkway, Suite 1600

Las Vegas, Nevada 89106

February 21, 2025

Expedia Group, Inc.

1111 Expedia Group Way W.

Seattle, Washington 98110

To the addressee set forth above:

We have acted as local Nevada counsel to Travelscape, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company, and WWTE, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Nevada Guarantors), in connection with the registration by Expedia Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company) of $1,000,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 5.400% Senior Notes due 2035 (the Notes) under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act), pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-285042) (the Registration Statement), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission),
including the prospectus, dated February 19, 2025, contained therein, as supplemented by the prospectus supplement, dated February 19, 2025, filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Act (as so supplemented, the Prospectus). The Notes and the guarantees thereof (the Guarantees,
and together with the Notes, the Securities) are issued pursuant to that certain Indenture, dated as of February 21, 2025, by and among the Company, the
Subsidiary Guarantors (as defined therein) party thereto, including the Nevada Guarantors, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee),
as supplemented by that certain First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 21, 2025, by and among the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors (as defined therein) party thereto, including the Nevada Guarantors, and the Trustee (as so supplemented,
the Indenture).

In our capacity as such counsel, we are familiar with the proceedings taken and proposed to be taken by the Company and the Nevada
Guarantors in connection with the authorization, issuance and registration of the Securities pursuant to the Indenture, and as described in the Registration Statement and Prospectus. For purposes of this opinion letter, and except to the extent set
forth in the opinions below, we have assumed all such proceedings have been timely completed or will be timely completed in the manner presently proposed in the Registration Statement and Prospectus and by the Indenture, and the terms of the issuance
of the Securities will be in compliance with applicable law.

For purposes of issuing this opinion letter, we have made such legal and factual examinations and inquiries, including an examination of
originals or copies certified or otherwise identified to our satisfaction as being true copies of (i) the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, (ii) the Indenture, (iii) the articles of organization and operating agreement of Travelscape, and
the articles of incorporation and bylaws of WWTE, each as amended to date, (iv) the resolutions of the managers or board of directors, as applicable, of each of the Nevada Guarantors with respect to the Indenture and the Guarantees, and (v) such
other agreements, instruments and documents, and such corporate or limited liability company records and proceedings of each of the Nevada Guarantors, as we have deemed necessary or appropriate. We have also obtained from officers and other
representatives of the Nevada Guarantors and from public officials, and have relied upon, such certificates, representations and assurances as we have deemed necessary or appropriate for purposes of issuing the opinions set forth herein.

www.bhfs.com

Expedia Group, Inc.

February 21, 2025

Page 2

Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in issuing this opinion letter, we have, with your permission, assumed without
independent verification that: (i) the statements of fact and all representations and warranties set forth in the documents we have examined are true and correct as to factual matters, in each case as of the date or dates of such documents and as of
the date hereof; (ii) each natural person executing a document has sufficient legal capacity to do so; (iii) all documents submitted to us as originals are authentic, the signatures on all documents that we have examined are genuine and all documents
submitted to us as certified, conformed, photostatic, facsimile or electronic copies conform to the original documents; and (iv) all limited liability company and corporate records made available to us by the Nevada Guarantors, and all public records
we have reviewed, are accurate and complete.

We are qualified to practice law in the State of Nevada. The opinions set forth herein are expressly limited to and based exclusively on
the general corporate and limited liability company laws of the State of Nevada in effect on the date hereof, and we do not purport to be experts on, or to express any opinion with respect to the applicability thereto or the effect thereon of, the
laws of any other jurisdiction. We express no opinion herein concerning, and we assume no responsibility as to laws or judicial decisions related to, or any orders, consents or other authorizations or approvals as may be required by, any federal
laws, rules or regulations, including, without limitation, any federal securities laws, rules or regulations, or any state securities or blue sky laws, rules or regulations, or any federal or state laws, rules or regulations relating to bankruptcy,
insolvency or fraudulent transfers.

Based on the foregoing, and in reliance thereon, and having regard to legal considerations and other information that we deem relevant, we
are of the opinion that:

1.Travelscape is validly existing as a limited liability company and in good standing under the laws of the State of Nevada. WWTE is validly existing as a corporation and in good
standing under the laws of the State of Nevada.

2.Each of the Nevada Guarantors has the limited liability company or corporate power and authority, as applicable, to execute and deliver the Indenture and to perform its
obligations thereunder.

3.Each of the Nevada Guarantors has duly authorized the execution and delivery of the Indenture and the performance of its obligations thereunder.

4.Each of the Nevada Guarantors has duly executed and delivered the Indenture.

Expedia Group, Inc.

February 21, 2025

Page 3

The opinions expressed herein are based upon the applicable laws of the State of Nevada and the facts in existence on the date hereof. In
delivering this opinion letter to you, we disclaim any obligation to update or supplement the opinions set forth herein or to apprise you of any changes in any such laws or facts after the date hereof. No opinion is offered or implied as to any
matter, and no inference may be drawn, beyond the strict scope of the specific issues expressly addressed by the opinions set forth herein.

We hereby consent to your filing this opinion letter as an exhibit to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K and to the reference to our
firm in the Prospectus under the heading Legal Matters. In giving such consent, we do not admit that we are in the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Act or the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated
thereunder.

Very truly yours, 

/s/ Brownstein Hyatt Farber Schreck, LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.3
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ny20042512x5_ex5-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 5.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 5.3

Morris,
Nichols, Arsht & Tunnell llp

1201 North Market Street

P.O. Box 1347

Wilmington, Delaware 19899-1347

(302) 658-9200

(302) 658-3989 FAX

February 21, 2025

Expedia Group, Inc.

1111 Expedia Group Way W.

Seattle, WA 98119

Re: 

The Transaction Documents (as defined below)

Ladies and Gentlemen:

We have acted as special Delaware counsel to the Delaware Corporations (as identified and defined in Annex A
hereto), the Delaware LLCs (as identified and defined in Annex B hereto) and the Delaware LP (as identified and defined in Annex C hereto) (the Delaware Corporations, the Delaware LLCs and the Delaware LP are hereinafter collectively referred to as
the Delaware Companies and each is individually referred to as a Delaware Company), in connection with certain matters of Delaware law relating to:

I. 

the Indenture dated as of February 21, 2025 (the Base Indenture) by and among Expedia (as identified and defined in Annex A hereto), as issuer, the other Delaware
Companies, as guarantors, the other guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee), relating to Expedias 5.4% Senior Notes due 2035;

II. 

the First Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 21, 2025 by and among Expedia, as issuer, the other Delaware Companies, as guarantors, the other guarantors party
thereto and the Trustee, as trustee (the First Supplemental Indenture and, together with the Base Indenture, the Indenture);

III. 

the 5.4% Global Note dated February 21, 2025 issued by Expedia in favor of the Trustee, as trustee, represented by Certificate No. 001 in the aggregate principal amount
of $500,000,000 (the Certificate No. 001 Note); and

Expedia Group, Inc.

February 21, 2025

Page 2

IV. 

the 5.4% Global Note dated February 21, 2025 issued by Expedia in favor of the Trustee, as trustee, represented by Certificate No. 002 in the aggregate principal amount
of $500,000,000 (the Certificate No. 002 Note and, together with the Certificate No. 001 Note, the Senior Notes, and together with the Indenture, the Transaction Documents and each, individually, a Transaction Document).

In rendering this opinion, we have examined and relied on copies of the following documents in the form
provided to us:

A. 

the Indenture;

B. 

the Senior Notes;

C. 

the Expedia Registration Statement on Form S-4 (the Registration Statement) as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) on February 19,
2025 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act);

D. 

the Governing Documents (as identified and defined in Annex D hereto);

E. 

the Authorizing Resolutions (as identified and defined in Annex E hereto);

F. 

one or more certificates of an officer of each of the Delaware Companies dated on or about the date hereof; and

G. 

certifications of good standing of each of the Delaware Companies obtained as of a recent date from the Office of the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware (the
State Office).

In such examinations, we have assumed the genuineness of all signatures, the authenticity of all documents
submitted to us as originals, the conformity to original documents of all documents submitted to us as copies or drafts of documents to be executed and the legal capacity of natural persons to complete the execution of documents. We have further
assumed for purposes of this opinion:

i. 

except to the extent addressed by our opinions in paragraphs 1, 2 and 3 below, the due incorporation, formation or organization, valid existence and good standing of
each entity that is a signatory to any of the documents examined by us under the laws of the jurisdiction of its respective incorporation, formation or organization;

ii. 

except to the extent addressed by our opinions in paragraphs 8, 9, 10 and 11 below, the due authorization, authentication, adoption, approval, certification,
acknowledgement, execution, filing, indexing and delivery, as applicable, of each of the above-referenced documents by each of the signatories thereto;

Expedia Group, Inc.

February 21, 2025

Page 3

iii. 

that the execution and delivery by Robert J. Dzielak, as Chief Legal Officer & Secretary of the Delaware LP, of each of the Transaction Documents to which the
Delaware LP is a party have been duly authorized by Hotels.com GP, LLC, acting in its capacity as the sole general partner of the Delaware LP, under the laws of Texas;

iv. 

solely with respect to the Delaware Corporations, that the consummation of the transactions contemplated by each of the Transaction Documents does not constitute a
business combination (as defined in Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL)) with an interested stockholder (as defined in Section 203 of the DGCL); and

v. 

that each of the documents examined by us is in full force and effect, sets forth the entire understanding of the parties thereto with respect to the subject matter
thereof and has not been amended, supplemented or otherwise modified, except as herein referenced.

We have not reviewed any documents other than those identified above in connection with this opinion, and we
have assumed that there are no other documents, facts or circumstances contrary to or inconsistent with the opinions expressed herein. No opinion is expressed herein with respect to the requirements of, or compliance with, federal or state securities
or blue sky laws. As to any facts material to our opinion, other than those assumed, we have relied, without independent investigation, on the above-referenced documents and on the accuracy, as of the date hereof, of the matters therein contained.

We have been retained to act as special Delaware counsel in connection with the Transaction Documents. We are
not regular counsel to the Delaware Companies, and we are not generally informed as to their business affairs. With respect to our opinions below, we note that each Transaction Document is, by its terms, governed by and construed in accordance with
the laws of the State of New York and, for purposes of our opinions, we have assumed that each Transaction Document will be interpreted in accordance with the plain meaning of the written terms thereof as such terms would be interpreted as a matter
of Delaware law and we express no opinion with respect to any matter of the laws of the State of New York or any legal standards or concepts under the laws of the State of New York (or any other law other than Delaware law).

Expedia Group, Inc.

February 21, 2025

Page 4

Based upon and subject to the foregoing and to the further assumptions and qualifications set forth below, and
limited in all respects to matters of Delaware law, it is our opinion that:

1. 

Each Delaware Corporation is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware.

2. 

Each Delaware LLC is a limited liability company duly formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware.

3. 

The Delaware LP is a limited partnership duly formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware.

4. 

Expedia has the requisite corporate power and authority to execute and deliver each of the Transaction Documents and to perform its obligations thereunder.

5. 

Each Delaware Corporation has the requisite corporate power and authority to execute and deliver the Indenture, to perform its obligations thereunder and to guarantee
the Obligations (as defined the Indenture) pursuant to the terms of the Indenture.

6. 

Each Delaware LLC has the requisite limited liability company power and authority to execute and deliver the Indenture, to perform its obligations thereunder and to
guarantee the Obligations pursuant to the terms of the Indenture.

7. 

The Delaware LP has the requisite limited partnership power and authority to execute and deliver the Indenture, to perform its obligations thereunder and to guarantee
the Obligations pursuant to the terms of the Indenture.

8. 

The Senior Notes have been duly authorized by Expedia, and the Indenture has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by Expedia.

9. 

Each Delaware Corporations guarantee of the Obligations pursuant to the terms of the Indenture have been duly authorized by such Delaware Corporation, and the
Indenture has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by each Delaware Corporation.

10. 

Each Delaware LLCs guarantee of the Obligations pursuant to the terms of the Indenture have been duly authorized by such Delaware LLC, and the Indenture has been duly
authorized, executed and delivered by each Delaware LLC.

11. 

The Delaware LPs guarantee of the Obligations pursuant to the terms of the Indenture have been duly authorized by the Delaware LP, and the Indenture has been duly
authorized, executed and delivered by the Delaware LP.

Expedia Group, Inc.

February 21, 2025

Page 5

We hereby consent to the filing of a copy of this opinion with the Commission as an exhibit to the Registration
Statement and the use of our name in the prospectus forming a part of the Registration Statement under the caption Legal Matters. In giving this consent, we do not hereby admit that we come within the category of persons whose consent is required
under Section 7 of the Securities Act or the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder. We understand that the firm of Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz (WLRK) wishes to rely as to certain matters of Delaware law on the opinions expressed
herein in connection with the delivery of its opinion to you dated on or about the date hereof concerning the transactions contemplated hereby, and we hereby consent to such reliance. This opinion speaks only as of the date hereof and is based on our
understandings and assumptions as to present facts and our review of the above-referenced documents and the application of Delaware law as the same exist on the date hereof, and we undertake no obligation to update or supplement this opinion after
the date hereof for the benefit of any person or entity (including WLRK) with respect to any facts or circumstances that may hereafter come to our attention or any changes in facts or law that may hereafter occur or take effect.

Very truly yours,

MORRIS, NICHOLS, ARSHT & TUNNELL LLP

/s/ R. Jason Russell

R. Jason Russell

ANNEX A

DELAWARE CORPORATIONS

1. 

Expedia Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Expedia)

2. 

Expedia Group Commerce, Inc., a Delaware corporation (EGC)

3. 

HomeAway Software, Inc., a Delaware corporation (HomeAway Software)

4. 

HomeAway.com, Inc., a Delaware corporation (HomeAway)

5. 

Hotwire, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Hotwire)

6. 

Liberty Protein, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Liberty)

7. 

O Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation (O Holdings)

8. 

Orbitz Worldwide, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Orbitz Worldwide)

9. 

VRBO Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (VRBO)

Expedia, EGC, HomeAway Software, HomeAway, Hotwire, Liberty, O Holdings, Orbitz Worldwide and VRBO are
collectively referred to as the Delaware Corporations and each is individually referred to as a Delaware Corporation.

ANNEX B

DELAWARE LLCs

1. 

Higher Power Nutrition Common Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Higher Power)

2. 

LEMS I LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (LEMS)

3. 

Orbitz, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Orbitz LLC)

Higher Power, LEMS and Orbitz LLC are collectively referred to as the Delaware LLCs and each is individually
referred to as a Delaware LLC.

ANNEX C

DELAWARE LP

1. 

EAN.com, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Delaware LP)

ANNEX D

GOVERNING DOCUMENTS

As the context requires, the following documents are collectively referred to as the Governing Documents or as the Governing
Documents of the Delaware Company to which they relate:

Expedia

A certified copy of the Certificate of Incorporation of Expedia (attaching a Consent to Use of Name), filed in the State Office
on April 18, 2005

A certified copy of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Expedia, filed in the State Office on August 8, 2005

A certified copy of the Certificate of Designations of Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock of Expedia, filed in the
State Office on August 9, 2005

A certified copy of the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Expedia, filed in the State Office on December 20, 2011

A certified copy of the Certificate of Amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Expedia (reflecting a change in
its name to Expedia Group, Inc.), filed in the State Office on March 26, 2018

A certified copy of the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Expedia, filed in the State Office on March 26, 2018

A certified copy of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Expedia, filed in the State Office on December 3,
2019

General Bylaws of Expedia, Amended and Restated as of December 13, 2023

EGC

A certified copy of the Certificate of Incorporation of EGC, filed in the State Office on December 18, 2018

Bylaws of EGC adopted December 18, 2018

HomeAway Software

A certified copy of the Certificate of Incorporation of HomeAway Software (then named Instant, Inc.), filed in the State Office
on September 15, 2010

A certified copy of the Certificate of Ownership Merging Escapia, Inc. into HomeAway Software (reflecting a change in its name to
HomeAway Software, Inc.), filed in the State Office on December 27, 2011

A certified copy of the Certificate of Ownership and Merger of Glad to Have You, Inc. into HomeAway Software, filed in the State
Office on December 18, 2014

The Written Consent of the Sole Stockholder of HomeAway Software dated as of December 15, 2015, amending the Bylaws of HomeAway
Software

The Bylaws of HomeAway Software adopted on September 15, 2010 (then named Instant, Inc.)

HomeAway

A certified copy of the Certificate of Incorporation of HomeAway (then named WVR, Inc.), filed in the State Office on January 21,
2005

A certified copy of the Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation of HomeAway (reflecting a change in its name
to HomeAway.com, Inc.), filed in the State Office on May 15, 2006

A certified copy of the Certificate of Merger of Domestic Corporation, merging VRBO.com, Inc. into HomeAway, filed in the State
Office on December 31, 2010

A certified copy of the Certificate of Ownership and Merger Merging Steamboat Sub Corporation into HomeAway, filed in the State
Office on May 27, 2011

A certified copy of the Certificate of Merger of HomeAway and Second Porch, Inc., merging Second Porch, Inc. into HomeAway, filed
in the State Office on December 27, 2011

A certified copy of the Certificate of Merger of Domestic Corporations, merging HomeAway IP Holding, Inc. into HomeAway, filed in
the State Office on December 28, 2012

A certified copy of the Certificate of Ownership and Merger Merging Dwellable Inc. into HomeAway, filed in the State Office on
December 23, 2015

The Written Consent of the Sole Stockholder of HomeAway dated as of December 15, 2015, amending the Bylaws of HomeAway

The Bylaws of HomeAway adopted on January 21, 2005 (then named WVR, Inc.)

Hotwire

A certified copy of the Certificate of Incorporation of Hotwire (originally incorporated under the name CIMO, Inc.), filed in the
State Office on December 1, 1999

The Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Hotwire, as attached to a certified copy of the Certificate of Merger of
Hydrogen Properties, Inc. with and into Hotwire, filed in the State Office on November 5, 2003

A certified copy of the Certificate of Change of Location of Registered Office and of Registered Agent of Hotwire, filed in the
State Office on February 17, 2004

A certified copy of the Certificate of Merger of Carrentals LLC and Hotwire, Inc., merging Carrentals LLC into Hotwire, Inc.,
filed in the State Office on December 23, 2011

The Bylaws of Hotwire (under the name CIMO, Inc.)

Liberty

A certified copy of the Certificate of Incorporation of Liberty, filed in the State Office on December 26, 2007

Bylaws of Liberty adopted as of December 26, 2007

O Holdings

A certified copy of the Certificate of Incorporation of O Holdings, filed in the State Office on December 18, 2003

The Bylaws of O Holdings adopted on December 19, 2003

A certified copy of the Certificate of Merger of Domestic Corporation, merging Orbitz, Inc. into O Holdings, filed in the State
Office on November 28, 2023

Orbitz Worldwide

A certified copy of the Certificate of Incorporation of Orbitz Worldwide, filed in the State Office on June 18, 2007

A certified copy of the Certificate of Merger, filed in the State Office on September 17, 2015, including the Amended and
Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Orbitz Worldwide attached thereto

The Amended and Restated By-Laws of Orbitz Worldwide dated as of September 17, 2015

A certified copy of the Certificate of Merger of Domestic Limited Liability Company into Domestic Corporation, merging Orbitz
Worldwide, LLC into Orbitz Worldwide, filed in the State Office on December 22, 2023

A certified copy of the Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation of Orbitz Worldwide (reflecting a change in
the authorized issuance of capital stock), filed in the State Office on February 7, 2024

VRBO

A certified copy of the Certificate of Incorporation of VRBO (then named HomeAway Holdings, Inc.), filed in the State Office on
December 16, 2015

A certified copy of the Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of VRBO (reflecting a change in its name to VRBO
Holdings, Inc.), filed in the State Office on May 2, 2019

A certified copy of the Certificate of Merger of Apartment Jet, Inc. and Second VRBO, merging Apartment Jet, Inc. into VRBO,
filed in the State Office on December 21, 2022

A certified copy of the Certificate of Ownership and Merger Merging BedandBreakfast.com, Inc. into VRBO, filed in the State
Office on June 26, 2024

The By-Laws of VRBO (then named HomeAway Holdings, Inc.) adopted on December 16, 2015

Higher Power

A certified copy of the Certificate of Formation of Higher Power (then named Higher Power Common Holdings, LLC), filed in the
State Office on June 15, 2006

A certified copy of the Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Formation of Higher Power (reflecting a change in its name to
Higher Power Nutrition Common Holdings, LLC), filed in the State Office on June 22, 2006

Limited Liability Company Agreement of Higher Power dated as of June 30, 2006

Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Higher Power dated as of December 31, 2007

Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Higher Power dated as of December 31, 2007

A certified copy of the Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Formation of Higher Power, filed in the State Office on April
1, 2008

LEMS

A certified copy of the Certificate of Formation of LEMS, filed in the State Office on April 10, 2019

A certified copy of the Certificate of Merger of Liberty Expedia Holdings, Inc. with and into LEMS, filed in the State Office on
July 26, 2019

A certified copy of the Certificate of Merger of Domestic Limited Liability Company merging LEXE MARGINCO, LLC with and into
LEMS, filed in the State Office on November 9, 2023

A certified copy of the Certificate of Merger Domestic Limited Liability Company merging LEXEB, LLC with and into LEMS, filed in
the State Office on November 9, 2023

Limited Liability Company Agreement of LEMS dated as of April 10, 2019

Orbitz LLC

A certified copy of the Certificate of Formation of Orbitz LLC (then named Dunc, LLC), filed in the State Office on February 24,
2000

A certified copy of the Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Formation of Orbitz LLC (reflecting a change in its name to
Orbitz, LLC), filed in the State Office on July 17, 2000

A certified copy of the Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Formation of Orbitz LLC, filed in the State Office on May 10,
2005

A certified of the Certificate of Merger of Trip Network, Inc. with and into Orbitz, LLC, filed in the State Office on November
28, 2023

Limited Liability Company Agreement of Orbitz LLC (then named Dunc, LLC) dated as of February 9, 2000

First Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Orbitz LLC (then named Dunc, LLC) dated as of May 9, 2000

Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Orbitz LLC dated as of April 2, 2001

Third Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Orbitz LLC dated as of June 19, 2001

Fourth Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Orbitz LLC dated as of August 10, 2001

Fifth Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Orbitz LLC dated as of September 1, 2001

Sixth Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Orbitz LLC dated as of April 10, 2002

Seventh Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Orbitz LLC dated as of December 19, 2003

The Delaware LP

A certified copy of the Certificate of Limited Partnership of the Delaware LP (then named IAN.com, LP) as filed in the State
Office on September 30, 2003, as amended by the Certificate of Amendment thereto as filed in the State Office on March 4, 2004, which Certificate of Amendment was corrected pursuant to the Certificate of Correction thereto as filed in the State
Office on February 5, 2010, and as further amended by the Certificate of Amendment thereto as filed in the State Office on April 25, 2011

Agreement of Limited Partnership of the Delaware LP (then named IAN.com, LP) dated as of September 30, 2003, as amended by the
First Amendment thereto dated as of February 5, 2010, the Second Amendment thereto dated as of April 25, 2011 and the Third Amendment thereto dated as of April 20, 2020

ANNEX E

AUTHORIZING RESOLUTIONS

As the context requires, the following documents are collectively referred to as the Authorizing Resolutions
or as the Authorizing Resolutions of the Delaware Company to which they relate:

1. 

Resolutions of the Board of Directors of Expedia Group, Inc. (the Board) adopted at a meeting of the Board held on December 4, 2024

2. 

Unanimous Written Consent of the Executive Committee of the Board dated January 23, 2025

3. 

Unanimous Written Consent of Certain Subsidiaries of Expedia Group, Inc. dated February 19, 2025

4. 

Unanimous Written Consent of Certain Subsidiaries of Expedia Group, Inc. dated February 19, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.4
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ny20042512x5_ex5-4.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 5.4
<TEXT>
Exhibit 5.4

Perkins Coie LLP

1201 Third Avenue

Suite 4900

Seattle, WA 98101-3099 

T. +1.206.359.8000

F. +1.206.359.9000

perkinscoie.com

February 21, 2025

Expedia Group, Inc.

1111 Expedia Group Way W.

Seattle, WA 98119

Re: 

Expedia Group, Inc. Corporation Registration Statement on Form S-3, filed on February 19, 2025

Ladies and Gentlemen:

We have acted as special counsel to Expedia, Inc., a Washington corporation (Expedia WA), Cruise, LLC, a Washington limited liability company (Cruise), Hotels.com, L.P., a Texas limited partnership (Hotels LP), and Hotels.com, GP, LLC, a Texas
limited liability company (Hotels LLC and, with Expedia WA, Cruise and Hotels LP, each a Company and collectively, the Companies),

in connection with the guarantees by the Companies of the Exchange Notes (as defined below). Each Company is one of several guarantors (such guarantors, including the Companies, are hereinafter collectively referred to as the Subsidiary Guarantors) in connection with (i) a registration statement on Form S-3 filed by the Companies ultimate parent company, Expedia Group,
Inc., a Delaware corporation (Parent), and the Subsidiary Guarantors with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), on February 19, 2025, as supplemented by the Prospectus Supplement dated February 19, 2025 (File No. 333-285042) (the Registration Statement) and (ii) the offering of $1,000,000,000 aggregate principal amount of Parents 5.400% senior notes due 2035 (the Notes) and related guarantees of the Subsidiary Guarantors registered pursuant to the Registration Statement under the Securities Act, whereby Parent is
issuing the Notes and the Subsidiary Guarantors are issuing the related guarantees under the Base Indenture, dated as of February 21, 2025, by and among Parent, the Subsidiary Guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National
Association, as trustee (the Trustee), and the First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 21, 2025, by and among
Parent, the Subsidiary Guarantors party thereto and the Trustee (collectively, the Indenture).

In connection with this opinion letter, we have examined originals or copies of such documents, records, certificates of public
officials and certificates of officers of the Companies as we have considered necessary to provide a basis for the opinions expressed herein, including the following:

1. 

Executed copy of the Underwriting Agreement dated as of February 19, 2025, among Parent, the Subsidiary Guarantors, and Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and J.P. Morgan
Securities LLC, as Representatives of the several underwriters listed in Schedule 1 thereto, as provided to us by the Companies;

2. 

Executed copy of the Indenture (including the related guarantees and form of notes), as provided to us by the Companies;

Expedia Group, Inc.

February 21, 2025

Page 2

3. 

Registration Statement;

4. 

Restated Articles of Incorporation of Expedia WA, as amended, as certified by an officer of Expedia WA to be a true and complete copy of such Restated Articles of
Incorporation, as amended, as of the date hereof;

5. 

Bylaws of Expedia WA, as amended, as certified by an officer of Expedia WA to be a true and complete copy of such Bylaws, as amended, as of the date hereof;

6. 

Certificate of Formation of Cruise, as certified by an officer of Cruise to be a true and complete copy of such Certificate of Formation, as amended, as of the date
hereof;

7. 

Operating Agreement of Cruise, as certified by an officer of Cruise to be a true and complete copy of such Operating Agreement, as amended, as of the date hereof;

8. 

Certificate of Limited Partnership of Hotels LP, as amended, as certified by an officer of Hotels LP to be a true and complete copy of such Certificate of Limited
Partnership of Hotels LP, as amended, as of the date hereof;

9. 

Agreement of Limited Partnership of Hotels LP, as amended, as certified by an officer of Hotels LP to be a true and complete copy of such Agreement of Limited
Partnership of Hotels LP, as amended, as of the date hereof;

10. 

Articles of Organization of Hotels LLC, as amended, as certified by an officer of Hotels LLC to be a true and complete copy of such Articles of Organization of Hotels
LLC, as amended, as of the date hereof;

11. 

Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Hotels LLC, as certified by an officer of Hotels LLC to be a true and complete copy of such Amended and
Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Hotels LLC, as amended, as of the date hereof;

12. 

Certificates of Existence for each of Cruise and Expedia WA issued by the Washington Secretary of State, dated February 5, 2025 and January 29, 2025, respectively, and
for each of Hotels LP and Hotels LLC issued by the Texas Secretary of State, dated January 27, 2025, and a bringdown letter for each of the Companies with respect to the State of Washington or the State of Texas, as the case may be, issued by
CT Corporation, dated February 21, 2025 (collectively, the Certificates of Existence);

13. 

Resolutions of the Board of Directors of Expedia WA, certified by an officer of Expedia WA as of the date hereof;

14. 

Resolutions of the sole member of Cruise, certified by an officer of Cruise as of the date hereof;

Expedia Group, Inc.

February 21, 2025

Page 3

15. 

Resolutions of the General Partner of Hotels LP, certified by an officer of Hotels LP as of the date hereof;

16. 

Resolutions of the sole member of Hotels LLC, certified by an officer of Hotels LLC as of the date hereof; and

17. 

Certificates dated February 21, 2025, executed by an authorized officer of each Company as to certain factual matters.

The documents listed in items 1 through 3 above are herein collectively referred to as the Transaction Documents.

As to matters of fact material to the opinions expressed herein, we have relied on (a) information in the Certificates of Existence
(and all opinions based on these documents are as of the applicable dates of such documents and not as of the date of this opinion letter) and (b) information provided in certificates of officers of the Companies. We have not independently verified
the facts so relied on.

We have relied, without investigation, on the following assumptions:

1. 

Original documents reviewed by us are authentic, copies of original documents reviewed by us conform to the originals, and all signatures on
executed documents are genuine.

2. 

When the Notes (and related guarantees) proposed to be issued pursuant to the terms of the Indenture are issued, they will conform to the
description of the 5.400% Senior Notes Due 2035 (and related guarantees) in the Registration Statement.

3. 

All individuals have sufficient legal capacity to perform their functions with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

Based on the foregoing and subject to the qualifications and exclusions stated herein, we express the following opinions:

1. 

Each Company is validly existing as a corporation, limited liability company or limited partnership, as the case may be, under the laws of the
State of Washington or the State of Texas, as the case may be, and has the necessary corporate, limited liability company or limited partnership power, as the case may be, and authority to guarantee the Notes pursuant to the terms of the
Indenture.

2. 

Each Companys guarantee of the Notes pursuant to the terms of the Indenture has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or limited
liability company action, as the case may be, and the Indenture has been validly authorized, executed and delivered by the Companies.

For purposes of expressing the opinions herein, we have examined the laws of the State of Washington and the State of Texas, and our
opinions are limited to such laws.

Expedia Group, Inc.

February 21, 2025

Page 4

The opinions expressed herein (a) are limited to matters expressly stated herein, and no other opinions may be implied or inferred,
including that we have performed any actions in order to provide the legal opinions and statements contained herein other than as expressly set forth, and (b) are as of the date hereof (except as otherwise noted above). We disclaim any undertaking or
obligation to update these opinions for events and circumstances occurring after the date hereof (including changes in law or facts, or as to facts relating to prior events that are subsequently brought to our attention), or to consider their
applicability or correctness as to persons or entities other than the addressees.

Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz may rely on the opinions expressed herein as if this opinion were addressed directly to it. You may
refer to and produce a copy of this opinion letter (but not for reliance) in connection with the assertion of a claim or defense as to which this opinion letter is relevant and necessary and in response to a court order. We hereby consent to the
filing of this opinion as an exhibit to the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto, including any and all post-effective amendments, and to the reference to our firm under the caption Legal Matters in the prospectus or any prospectus
supplement which is part of the Registration Statement. In giving such consent, we do not admit that we are in the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act or the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated
thereunder nor do we admit that we are experts with respect to any part of the Registration Statement within the meaning of the term expert as used in the Securities Act or the related rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder.

Very truly yours,

/s/ Perkins Coie LLP

PERKINS COIE LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ny20042512x5_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Expedia Group, Inc. Announces Closing of a Public Offering of 5.400% Senior Notes due 2035

SEATTLE Expedia Group, Inc. (Expedia Group or the Company) today announced that it has closed a registered public offering (the Senior Notes
Offering) of $1 billion aggregate principal amount of unsecured 5.400% Senior Notes due 2035 (the Senior Notes). The Senior Notes were issued at a price of 99.316% of the aggregate principal amount with a coupon of 5.400%. The Senior Notes are
guaranteed by certain subsidiaries of Expedia Group.

The net proceeds from the Senior Notes Offering were approximately $985 million, after deducting discounts and estimated offering expenses payable by
Expedia Group. Expedia Group intends to use the net proceeds from the Senior Notes Offering for general corporate purposes, including, without limitation, (i) repayment, prepayment, redemption or repurchase of outstanding debt, (ii) dividends and
stock repurchases and (iii) funding for working capital, capital expenditures, and acquisitions.

This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase the Senior Notes or any other securities, an offer to
purchase or a solicitation of an offer to sell the Senior Notes or any other securities, or an offer, solicitation or sale in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that involve risks and
uncertainties. These forward-looking statements reflect the views of our management regarding current expectations and projections about future events and are based on currently available information. Actual results could differ materially from
those contained in these forward-looking statements for a variety of reasons, including, but not limited to, those discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors and Part II, Item 7,
Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Other unknown or unpredictable factors also could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Accordingly,
readers should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. The use of words such as anticipates, believes, could, estimates, expects, goal, intends, likely, may, plans, potential, predicts, projected,
seeks, should and will, or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions, among others, generally identify forward-looking statements; however, these words are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. In addition, any
statements that refer to expectations, projections or other characterizations of future events or circumstances are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are inherently subject to uncertainties, risks and changes in
circumstances that are difficult to predict. We are not under any obligation to, and do not intend to, publicly update or review any of these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, even if
experience or future events make it clear that any expected results expressed or implied by those forward-looking statements will not be realized. Please carefully review and consider the various disclosures made in this press release and in our
reports filed with the SEC that attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business, prospects and results of operations.

About Expedia Group

Expedia Group, Inc. brands power travel for everyone, everywhere through our global platform. Driven by the core belief that travel is a force for good, we
help people experience the world in new ways and build lasting connections. We provide industry-leading technology solutions to fuel partner growth and success, while facilitating memorable experiences for travelers. Expedia Groups three flagship
consumer brands include: Expedia, Hotels.com, and Vrbo.

For more information, visit www.expediagroup.com. Follow us on X @expediagroup and check out our LinkedIn.

2025 Expedia, Inc., an Expedia Group company. All rights reserved. Trademarks and logos are the property of their respective owners. CST: 2029030-50

Investor Relations

ir@expediagroup.com

Communications

press@expediagroup.com

Source: Expedia Group, Inc.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>expe-20250219.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>expe-20250219_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Amendment Flag 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>expe-20250219_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>ny20042512x5_ex5-1image01.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>ny20042512x5_ex5-2image01.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>ny20042512x5_ex5-4image01.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>ny20042512x5_ex99-1image01.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Feb. 19, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 19, 2025

Entity File Number 001-37429

Entity Registrant Name Expedia Group, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001324424

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Tax Identification Number 20-2705720

Entity Address, Address Line One 333 108TH AVENUE NE

Entity Address, City or Town BELLEVUE

Entity Address, State or Province WA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 98004

City Area Code 206

Local Phone Number 481-7200

Title of 12(b) Security Common stock, $0.0001 par value

Trading Symbol EXPE

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://expediagroup.com/role/DocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

expe-20250219.xsd 
expe-20250219_lab.xml 
expe-20250219_pre.xml 
ny20042512x5_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>0001140361-25-005439-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>ny20042512x5_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001324424 

2025-02-19 
2025-02-19 

false 
Expedia Group, Inc. 
0001324424 
333 108TH AVENUE NE 
BELLEVUE 
98004 
NASDAQ 
8-K 
2025-02-19 
DE 
001-37429 
20-2705720 
WA 
206 
481-7200 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, $0.0001 par value 
EXPE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>