<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001829126-25-000315.txt : 20250123
<SEC-HEADER>0001829126-25-000315.hdr.sgml : 20250123
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250123083024
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001829126-25-000315
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250121
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250123
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250123

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LUXURBAN HOTELS INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001893311
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE [6500]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				823334945
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41473
		FILM NUMBER:		25547702

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2125 BISCAYNE BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 253
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33137
		BUSINESS PHONE:		833-723-7368

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2125 BISCAYNE BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 253
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33137

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CORPHOUSING GROUP INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20211110
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>luxurban_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000189331100018933112025-01-212025-01-210001893311luxh:CommonStock0.00001ParValuePerShareMember2025-01-212025-01-210001893311luxh:SeriesACumulativeRedeemablePreferredMember2025-01-212025-01-21iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 21, 2025

LuxUrban Hotels Inc.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)

Delaware 001-41473 82-3334945

(State or Other Jurisdiction 

of Incorporation) (Commission 

File Number) (IRS Employer 

Identification No.)

212 Biscayne Blvd, Suite 253, Miami, Florida 33137

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (833)723-7368

N/A

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the Registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e 4(c))

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Ticker symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, $0.00001 par value per share LUXH OTC

13.00% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, $0.00001 par value per share LUXHP OTC

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

As previously reported on August 13, 2024, LuxUrban Hotels Inc. (the Company) commenced an offering (the 2024 Debt Placement) under the terms of a securities purchase agreement (August 2024 SPA) pursuant to which it could sell senior secured convertible promissory notes (the 2024 Notes) in an aggregate principal amount of up to $10,000,000, together with common stock purchase warrants (2024 Note Warrants), in one or more closings on subscriptions received through August 30, 2024.

On October 18, 2024, the Company determined to extend the 2024 Debt Placement through November 6, 2024 for the sale under a securities purchase agreement (the October 2024 SPA and, together with the August 2024 SPA, the 2024 SPA) that is substantively identical to the August 2024 SPA as modified by the modification agreement (the Modification) of up to an additional $5 million principal amount of 2024 Notes and 2024 Note Warrants. The Company is obligated to use the net cash proceeds from the 2024 Debt Placement for working capital and other general corporate purposes as prescribed by the August 2024 SPA.

On January 21, 2024, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the January 2025 SPA) with certain investors (each, an Investor) for the issuance and sale of up to $10,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of Senior Secured Original Issue Discount Notes (the January 2025 Notes) and common stock purchase warrants (the January 2025 Warrants). The January 2025 Notes bear interest at a rate of twelve percent (12%) per annum and will constitute senior secured obligations of the Company, pari passu with the August 2024 Notes, with respect to both ranking and security, including in relation to the Pledged Collateral as defined in the Amended and Restated Guaranty and Security Agreement, dated as of November 6, 2024 (the Security Agreement). The transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents executed in connection with the January 2025 SPA have been duly consented to and approved by the holders of the August 2024 Notes, pursuant to the Second Modification Agreement, dated January 16, 2025 (the Second Modification).

The sale and purchase of the January 2025 Notes and January 2025 Warrants shall occur at a closing (the Closing) to be held at such time and place as the Company and the Investor may mutually agree (the Closing Date), subject to the satisfaction of all conditions. The Company may conduct Closings on a rolling basis, as determined in its discretion.

On January 21, 2024, the Company issued a January 2025 Note in the principal amount of $375,000 at conversion price at $0.1913 and a January 2025 Warrant for the purchase of up to 1,029,866 shares of common stock of the Company with exercise price at $ $0.2913.

The foregoing description
of the January 2025 SPA, the January 2025 Notes, the January 2025 Warrants and the Second Modification is intended for informational purposes
only and does not purport to be a complete description of the documents referenced herein. Such description is qualified in its entirety
by reference to the full text of the January 2025 SPA, the January 2025 Notes, the January 2025 Warrants, and the Second Modification,
which are attached hereto as Exhibits 10.1, 10.2, 10.3, and 10.4, respectively, and are incorporated herein by reference.

Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

See Item 1.01, which is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

See Item 1.01, which is incorporated herein by reference.

1 

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

Exhibit Description

10.1 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement dated January 21, 2025

10.2 Form of Senior Secured OID Note

10.3 Form of common stock purchase warrant

10.4 Second Modification dated January 16, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

2 

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Dated: January 23, 2025 LUXURBAN HOTELS INC.

By: /s/ Michael James

Name: Michael James

Title: Chief Financial Officer

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>luxurban_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This Securities Purchase Agreement (this Agreement) is dated as of January 21, 2025, between LuxUrban Hotels Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and the purchaser(s) identified on the signature page hereto (each, including its successors and assigns, a Purchaser and collectively, the Purchasers).

WHEREAS, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and Rule 506 promulgated thereunder, the Company desires to issue and sell to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser, severally and not jointly, desires to purchase Senior Secured OID Note(s) in the form of Appendix A hereto (each, a Note and collectively, the Notes) in an aggregate principal amount (before giving effect to any OID (as defined below)) of up to $10,000,000;

NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser agree as follows:

ARTICLE I.

DEFINITIONS

1.1 Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement the following terms have the meanings set forth in this Section 1.1:

Action shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(i).

Affiliate means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Board of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close.

Closing Date with respect to each Closing, the Business Day on which this Agreement has been executed by the Company and the Purchaser and all conditions precedent to (i) a Purchasers obligations to pay or deliver hereunder its Subscription Amount and (ii) the Companys obligations to deliver the Securities to such Purchaser have been satisfied or waived.

Closing means each closing of the purchase and sale of Securities pursuant to Section 2.1.

Closing Date means the Business Day when all of the Transaction Documents specified in Section 2.2 have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties thereto, and conditions precedent to the Purchasers obligations to pay the Subscription Amount and the Companys obligations to issue and deliver the Securities shall have been satisfied or waived.

Commission means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common Stock means the common stock, par value $0.00001 per share, of the Company and any other class of securities into which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or its Subsidiaries that would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time shares of Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, shares of Common Stock.

Disclosure Schedules shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1.

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exempt Issuance means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock or options to employees, officers, directors or consultants of the Company pursuant to the Companys existing stock option and/or restricted stock plans or stock option and/or restricted stock plans or employment or consulting agreement or amendments or modifications thereto which come into effect following the date hereof, (b) securities exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into shares of Common Stock, issued and outstanding on the date of this Agreement, or pursuant to other agreements, options or awards of the Company existing prior to the date hereof , or upon exercise of other securities issued in Exempt Issuances hereafter, or (c) shares of Common Stock issued as part of or as a result of the transactions prescribed by this Agreement.

Existing Notes means the Senior Secured Convertible Notes issued by the Company under the Existing Notes SPA.

Existing Notes SPA shall mean that the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 13, 2024, between the Company and the purchaser(s) identified on the signature pages thereto.

Existing Notes and Security Agreement Modification shall mean a modification and/or amendment to the terms of the Existing Notes required in order to (without limitation) consent to and permit: (i) the issuance of Notes hereunder as senior secured obligations of the Company, pari passu in all respects with respect to ranking and security therewith, (ii) the sharing by the holders of Notes in the collateral and security provided under the Security Agreement (as defined in the Existing Notes SPA) on a pari passu basis, and (iii) the transactions completed by the Transaction Documents generally.

FCPA means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

GAAP shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(g).

Intellectual Property Rights shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(n).

Material Adverse Effect means (a) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document, (b) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material Adverse Effect). Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of this Agreement, Material Adverse Effect shall not include any event, occurrence, fact, condition or change, directly or indirectly, arising out of or attributable to: (A) general economic or political conditions; (B) conditions generally affecting the industries in which the Company operates; (C) any changes in financial, banking or securities markets in general, including any disruption thereof and any decline in the price of any security or any market index or any change in prevailing interest rates; (D) acts of war (whether or not declared), armed hostilities or terrorism, or the escalation or worsening thereof; (E) any action required or permitted by this Agreement or any action taken (or omitted to be taken) with the written consent of or at the written request of the Purchasers; (F) any changes in applicable laws or accounting rules (including GAAP) or the enforcement, implementation or interpretation thereof; (G) the announcement, pendency or completion of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; (H) any natural or man-made disaster or acts of God; (I) any circumstances or events reported in the Companys SEC Reports on or prior to the date hereof; or (J) any failure by the Company to meet any internal or published projections, forecasts or revenue or earnings predictions (provided that the underlying causes of such failures (subject to the other provisions of this definition) shall not be excluded).

2

Material Permits shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(l).

Money Laundering Laws shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(ee).

Notes means the Senior Secured OID Notes of the Company issued by the Company to the Purchasers hereunder in the form attached hereto of Appendix A.

OID has the meaning provided in the Notes.

Original Principal Amount means, with respect to each Purchaser and its Note(s), the amount obtained by dividing: (i) the Subscription Amount paid or delivered by such Purchaser for such Note(s) by (ii) one hundred percent (100%) minus twenty percent (20%).

Person means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Prior Receivables Assignment means that certain Irrevocable Assignment of Accounts Receivable dated as of September___, 2024 by and between the Company (as Assignor) and each person or entity identified on the signature page(s) thereto (as Assignees).

Prior Receivables Financing Obligations means, with respect to each Prior Receivable Financing Purchaser on any date, all liabilities and obligations owed by the Company to such Purchaser on such date (including, without limitation and for the avoidance of doubt, the obligations to pay Prior Receivable Financing Outstandings owed by the Company to such Purchaser on such date).

Prior Receivables Financing Outstanding means, with respect to each Prior Receivable Financing Purchaser on any date, the amounts due and owing to such Purchaser under the Prior Receivables Financing on such date Closing Date (including, without limitation and for the avoidance of doubt), all accrued and unpaid Guaranteed Return(s), Process Penalty Return(s) and/or Collection Penalty Return(s) thereunder through such date).

Prior Receivables Financing Purchasers means and includes each Assignee party to the Prior Receivables Assignment.

Purchaser Party shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.2.

Rule 144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

Rule 424 means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

SEC Reports has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 3.1(g).

3

Securities means the Notes, Warrants and shares of Common Stock issued by the Company pursuant to this Agreement.

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Series A Preferred Stock means the Companys Series A Preferred Stock, par value $0.00001 per share.

Subscription Amount shall mean, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be paid for the original principal amount of the Notes as specified below such Purchasers name under the heading Subscription Amount on the signature page hereto executed by such Purchaser, which amount shall be payable in (i) immediately available United States dollars funds by any Purchaser subscribing for cash and/or (ii) Prior Receivables Financing Obligations exchanged for Notes by Prior Receivables Financing Purchasers hereunder.

Subsidiary means any subsidiary of the Company and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof.

Trading Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange, the OTC Bulletin Board or the OTC Markets (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction Documents means this Agreement, the Notes, the Warrants, the Existing Notes and Security Agreement Modification, and all exhibits and schedules hereto and thereto and any other documents or agreements executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

VWAP means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a trading day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if the OTC Bulletin Board is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the OTC Bulletin Board, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on the OTC Bulletin Board and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported in the Pink Sheets published by Pink OTC Markets, Inc. (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Warrants means Warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock issued by the Company to the Purchasers hereunder in the form attached hereto of Appendix B.

ARTICLE II.

PURCHASE AND SALE OF NOTES

2.1 Purchase and Sale of Securities; Closing. On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, substantially concurrent with the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the parties hereto, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchaser agrees to purchase for its Subscription Amount, a Note or Notes having an aggregate principal amount equal to the resulting Original Principal Amount of such Subscription Amount. At the Closing, each Purchaser shall deliver to the Company: (A) in the case of cash subscriptions, such Purchasers cash Subscription Amount (if any) via wire transfer of immediately available funds specified in writing by the Company; and (B) in the case of subscriptions in exchange for Prior Receivables Financing Obligations, the surrender thereof in exchange for Notes as provided hereunder. At the Closing, the Company and Purchasers shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.2(a) and Section 2.2(c), respectively, deliverable at the Closing. Upon satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, the Closing shall occur at the offices of the Companys counsel, or such other location as the parties shall mutually agree or may be closed remotely by electronic delivery of documents.

4

2.2 Closing Deliveries.

(a) On or prior to each Closing Date (or as otherwise indicated below), the Company shall deliver to each Purchaser the following:

(i) this Agreement, duly executed by the Company;

(ii) the Existing Notes and Security Agreement Modification, duly executed by the Company and the holder(s) of Existing Notes requisite for the effectiveness thereof;

(iii) a Note with a principal amount equal to such Purchasers Original Principal Amount, registered in the Companys books and records in the name of the Purchaser;

(iv) a Warrant as prescribed by Section 5.16, below;

(v) shares of Common Stock as prescribed by Section 5.16, below; and

(vi) the Company shall have provided the Purchaser in writing the Companys wire transfer instructions.

(b) On or prior to initial Closing Date, the Collateral Agent (as defined under the Security Agreement (defined in the Existing Notes SPA)) shall execute and deliver to the Company and Purchasers the Existing Notes and Security Agreement Modification.

(c) On or prior to each Closing Date, each Purchaser shall deliver to the Company the following:

(i) this Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser;

(ii) the Purchasers Subscription Amount for such Closing payable as provided under Section 2.1.

2.3 Closing Conditions.

(a) The obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with each Closing are subject to the following conditions:

(i) the accuracy in all material respects on the applicable Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained herein (unless as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate as of such date);

(ii) all obligations, covenants and agreements of each Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the applicable Closing Date shall have been performed; and

(iii) the delivery by each Purchaser of the required items set forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement.

5

(b) The respective obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in connection with each Closing are subject to the following conditions:

(i) the accuracy in all material respects when made and on the applicable Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (unless as of a specific date therein);

(ii) all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the applicable Closing Date shall have been performed; and

(iii) the delivery by the Company of the required items set forth in Section 2.2(a) and 2.2(b) of this Agreement.

2.4 Exchange. Each Prior Receivables Financing Purchaser subscribing for Notes with (in lieu of cash) any Prior Receivables Financing Outstandings owed to such Purchaser (as set forth on such Purchasers signature page hereto) under the Prior Receivables Assignment, effective automatically and simultaneously with the Closing thereof, and in exchange for such Notes, DOES HEREBY: (A) transfer, assign, surrender and deliver to the Company, without representation or warranty (i) all associated Prior Receivables Financing Obligations owed to such Purchaser, and (ii) all of such Purchasers right, title and interest in and to its Pro Rata Share of the Purchased Receivables (as such terms are defined in the Prior Receivables Assignment); and (B) waives and releases the Company from any and all further liabilities or obligations with respect thereto under or in connection with the Prior Receivables Financing.

ARTICLE III.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

3.1 Representations and Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports or the disclosure schedules of the Company attached to this Agreement (the Disclosure Schedules), which Disclosure Schedules shall be deemed a part hereof and shall qualify any representation made herein to the extent of the disclosure contained in the corresponding section of the Disclosure Schedules, the Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to each Purchaser:

(a) Organization and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in violation or default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect

(b) Authorization; Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders in connection herewith or therewith. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party has been (or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except: (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies, and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

6

(c) No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not and will not: (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(d) Filings, Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than the filing of a Form D with the Commission and such filings as are required to be made under applicable state securities laws or as provided in Section 2 hereof.

(e) [RESERVED]

(f) [RESERVED].

(g) SEC Reports; Financial Statements. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(h), the Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the two years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(h), as of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company is not and since its incorporation never has been a shell company as defined in Section 405 of the Securities Act. The financial statements of the Company (the Financial Statements) included in the SEC Reports have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (GAAP), except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments.

7

(h)Material Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest balance sheet included in the Financial Statements, except as specifically disclosed in SEC Reports filed thereafter and prior to the Closing, or Schedule 3(h) hereto: (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has had or that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables, letters of credit relating to accommodation unit properties, and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and liabilities in connection with existing litigations that have been generally described in the SEC Reports and for which he Company has made estimated reserves on its balance sheet, (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Companys financial statements pursuant to GAAP and (C) the Existing Notes, (iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting, and (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock, except with respect to its Series A Preferred Stock. Except for the transactions prescribed by this Agreement and the other agreements and documents delivered in connection therewith, no event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or development has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to occur or exist with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, properties, operations, assets or financial condition, that would be required to be disclosed by an issuer subject to the reporting obligations of the Exchange Act at the time this representation is made or deemed made that has not been included in the SEC Reports, the Companys registration statement on Form S-3, as amended and supplemented by the prospectus supplement, dated July 26, 2024 (Prospectus Supplement) (as amended by the Prospectus Supplement, the Registration Statement), the Financial Statements or the Disclosure Schedules.

(i) Litigation. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports or on Schedule 3.1(h) hereto, there is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign) (collectively, an Action) which (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the Notes or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports or Schedule 3.1(h) hereto, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission involving the Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

(j) Labor Relations. No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees of the Company, which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Except as described in the SEC Reports, none of the Companys or its Subsidiaries employees is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and except as set forth in the SEC Reports, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe that their relationships with their employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary, is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information agreement or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third party, and the continued employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability with respect to any of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all U.S. federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except where the failure to be in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

8

(k) Compliance. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(h), neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that has not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor has the Company or any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture, loan or credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound (whether or not such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree or order of any court, arbitrator or other governmental authority, or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental authority, including without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational health and safety, product quality and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(l) Regulatory Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate federal, state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses, except where the failure to possess such permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (Material Permits), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any Material Permit.

(m) Title to Assets. The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them and good and marketable title in all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries, in each case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries, (ii) Liens for the payment of federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and, the payment of which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties and (iii) judgement liens and garnishments with respect to certain concluded litigations. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance.

(n) Intellectual Property. The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark applications, service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights and similar rights as necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses and which the failure to so have could have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights). None of, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice (written or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual Property Rights has expired, terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned, within two (2) years from the date of this Agreement. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge that the Intellectual Property Rights violate or infringe upon the rights of any Person, except as could not have or reasonably be expected to not have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable and there is no existing infringement by another Person of any of the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all of their intellectual properties, except where failure to do so could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

9

(o) Insurance. The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business without a significant increase in cost.

(p) Transactions With Affiliates and Employees. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, none of the officers or directors of the Company or any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000 other than for: (i) payment of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company, and (iii) other employee benefits, including stock option agreements under any stock option plan of the Company.

(q) Sarbanes-Oxley; Internal Accounting Controls. The Company is in compliance with all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that are effective as of the date hereof, and any and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the Commission thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, the Company and the Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. The Company and the Subsidiaries have established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(c) and 15d-15(c)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries and designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms.

(r) Certain Fees. No brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will be payable by the Company or any Subsidiary to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The Purchasers shall have no obligation with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this Section that may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(s) Private Placement. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, no registration under the Securities Act is required for the offer and sale of the Securities by the Company to the Purchasers as contemplated hereby. The issuance and sale of the Securities hereunder does not contravene the rules and regulations of the Trading Market.

(t) No Bad Actor Disqualification. The Company has exercised reasonable care to determine whether any Company Covered Person (as defined below) is subject to any of the bad actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) through (viii), as modified by Rules 506(d)(2) and (d)(3), under the Securities Act (Disqualification Events). To the Companys knowledge, no Company Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification Event. The Company has complied, to the extent required, with any disclosure obligations under Rule 506(c) under the Securities Act. For purposes of this Agreement, Company Covered Persons are those persons specified in Rule 506(d)(1) under the Securities Act; provided, however, that Company Covered Persons do not include (a) any Purchaser, or (b) any person or entity that is deemed to be an affiliated issuer of the Company solely as a result of the relationship between the Company and any Purchaser.

10

(u) Investment Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Notes, will not be or be an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. The Company shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment company subject to registration under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(v) Registration Rights. Except for holders of Existing Notes or as disclosed in the Companys SEC Reports, no Person has any right to cause the Company to effect the registration under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company or any Subsidiary.

(w) Tax Status. Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, the Company and each of its Subsidiaries (i) has made or filed all United States federal, state and local income and all foreign income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject as and when due subject to any applicable extensions, (ii) has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, whether or not shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations, and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes on any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary know of no basis for any such claim.

(x) No General Solicitation. Neither the Company nor any Person acting on behalf of the Company has offered or sold any of the Securities by any form of general solicitation or general advertising. The Company has offered the Securities for sale only to the Purchasers and certain other accredited investors within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Securities Act.

(y) Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any agent or other Person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has: (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any Person acting on its behalf of which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law, or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA.

(z) Stock Option Plans. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, the Company does not currently have or maintain any stock option or other equity incentive plan for its directors, employees or consultants.

(aa) Regulation M Compliance. The Company has not, and no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Notes (or other securities), (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the Notes, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of the Company.

(bb) Office of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor any director, officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC).

11

(cc) U.S. Real Property Holding Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within the meaning of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon Purchasers request.

(dd) Bank Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA), and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly, five percent (5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the total equity of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve.

(ee) Money Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance in all material respects with applicable financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, applicable money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws), and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened.

3.2 Representations and Warranties of the Purchasers. Each Purchaser, for itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents and warrants as of the date hereof and as of each Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein):

(a) Own Account. Such Purchaser understands that the Securities (and shares underlying the Warrants and payable pursuant to the Notes) are restricted securities and have not been registered under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or reselling such securities or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, has no present intention of distributing any of such securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and has no direct or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law (this representation and warranty not limiting such Purchasers right to sell the securities in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws). Such Purchaser is acquiring the securities hereunder in the ordinary course of its business.

(b) Organization; Authority. Such Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited liability company or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance by such Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership, limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to which it is a party has been duly executed by such Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except: (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

12

(c) Purchaser Status. At the time such Purchaser was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, either: (i) an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7) or (a)(8) under the Securities Act or (ii) a qualified institutional buyer as defined in Rule 144A(a) under the Securities Act.

(d) Experience of Such Purchaser. Such Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication and experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the Securities (and the shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrants and payable pursuant to the Notes), and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Such Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

(e) General Solicitation. Such Purchaser is not purchasing the Securities (or the shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrants and payable pursuant to the Notes) as a result of any advertisement, article, notice or other communication regarding the securities published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or presented at any seminar or any other general solicitation or general advertisement.

(f) No Bad Actor Disqualification. Neither (A) such Purchaser nor (B) any entity that controls such Purchaser or is under the control of, or under common control with, such Person, is subject to any Disqualification Event. Such Purchaser has exercised reasonable care to determine the accuracy of the representation made by such Purchaser in this paragraph and agrees to notify the Company if such Purchaser becomes aware of any fact that makes the representation given by such Purchaser hereunder inaccurate.

(g) Disclosure of Information. Purchaser acknowledges that it has had an opportunity to ask questions and receive answers from the Company regarding the terms and conditions of the sale of the securities offered hereby and the business, properties, prospects and financial condition of the Company and its Subsidiaries. Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that neither the Company nor any Affiliate of the Company has provided such Purchaser with any information or advice with respect to the Securities nor is such information or advice necessary or desired. The Purchasers decision to purchase the Purchasers securities hereunder is based solely on the information obtained during the Purchasers due diligence review and on the response to such questions as Purchaser has raised concerning the securities or the Company and its Subsidiaries.

(h) Unlawful Activities. (i) No part of the funds used by Purchaser to acquire any securities under this Agreement has been, or shall be, directly or indirectly derived from, or related to, any activity that may contravene United States federal or state or non-United States laws or regulations, including, without limitation, laws and regulations relating to anti-money laundering, terrorist financing and other illegal activities; (ii) no capital commitment, contribution or payment to the Company by Purchaser and no distribution to Purchaser shall cause the Company to be in violation of any applicable anti-money laundering laws or regulations, including, without limitation, the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism (USA PATRIOT ACT) Act of 2001 and the United States Department of the Treasury Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) regulations (the Sanction Regulations); and (iii) none of the funds of Purchaser have been derived from any unlawful activity. Without limiting the foregoing: (1) Purchaser is in compliance with Executive Order 13224 (September 23, 2001), the rules and regulations of OFAC and any enabling legislation or other executive orders in respect thereof; (2) at all times, (I) none of the funds or other assets of Purchaser constitutes property of, or are beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by any Person, entity or government subject to trade restrictions under U.S. law (including, without limitation, the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, 50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq., Trading with the Enemy Act, 50 U.S.C. App. 1 et seq., and any executive orders or regulations promulgated thereunder) (any such Person, an Embargoed Person); (II) no Embargoed Person has any interest of any nature whatsoever in Investor; and (III) if applicable to Investor, Investor has implemented a corporate anti-money laundering plan that is reasonably designed to ensure compliance with applicable foreign and U.S. anti-money laundering law; and (4) none of the investors, officers, directors, managers, members or partners of Purchaser appear on any lists published by OFAC with respect to Persons that have been designated by executive order or by the Sanction Regulations as Persons with whom U.S. Persons may not transact business or must limit their interactions to types approved by OFAC or otherwise. Investor shall promptly notify the Company if any of these representations in this paragraph ceases to be true and accurate regarding Investor.

13

The Company acknowledges and agrees that the representations contained in this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect such Purchasers right to rely on the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties contained in any other Transaction Document or any other document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement or the consummation of the transaction contemplated hereby.

ARTICLE IV.

OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1 Transfer Restrictions; Pledges.

(a) The Securities (and the shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrants and payable pursuant to the Notes) may only be disposed of in compliance with state and federal securities laws. In connection with any transfer of securities other than pursuant to an effective registration statement or Rule 144, to the Company or to an Affiliate of a Purchaser or in connection with a pledge as contemplated in Section 4.1(b), the Company may require the transferor thereof to provide to the Company an opinion of counsel selected by the transferor and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the form and substance of which opinion shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that such transfer does not require registration of such transferred securities under the Securities Act. As a condition of transfer, any such transferee shall agree in writing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement and shall have the rights and obligations of a Purchaser under this Agreement.

(b) The Company acknowledges and agrees that a Purchaser may from time to time pledge pursuant to a bona fide margin agreement with a registered broker-dealer or grant a security interest in some or all of the Securities (or the securities issuable under the Warrants and payable pursuant to the Notes) to a financial institution that is an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act and who agrees to be bound by the provisions of the Transaction Agreements and, if required under the terms of such arrangement, such Purchaser may transfer pledged or secured securities to the pledgees or secured parties. Such a pledge or transfer would not be subject to approval of the Company and no legal opinion of legal counsel of the pledgee, secured party or pledgor shall be required in connection therewith. Further, no notice shall be required of such pledge. At the appropriate Purchasers expense, the Company will execute and deliver such reasonable documentation as a pledgee or secured party of such securities may reasonably request in connection with a pledge or transfer of the securities, including, if the securities are registered under a registration statement, the preparation and filing of any required prospectus supplement under Rule 424(b)(3) under the Securities Act or other applicable provision of the Securities Act to appropriately amend the list of selling stockholders thereunder.

(c) All Securities issued by the Company pursuant to this Agreement shall bear a restrictive legend in substantially the following form, as appropriate:

[NEITHER] THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE[, NOR THE SECURITIES INTO/FOR WHICH SUCH SECURITIES ARE CONVERTIBLE/EXERCISABLE,] NOR THE SECURITIES THAT MAY OTHERWISE BE ISSUABLE UNDER SUCH SECURITIES] HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 UNDER SAID ACT.

14

4.2 Indemnification of Purchasers. Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.2, the Company will indemnify and hold each Purchaser and its directors, officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls such Purchaser (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders, agents, members, partners or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of such controlling persons (each, a Purchaser Party) harmless from any and all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or incur as a result of or relating to (a) any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents or (b) any action instituted against the Purchaser Parties in any capacity, or any of them or their respective Affiliates, by any stockholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of such Purchaser Party, with respect to any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (unless such action is based upon a breach of such Purchaser Partys representations, warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings such Purchaser Party may have with any such stockholder or any violations by such Purchaser Party of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by such Purchaser Party which constitutes fraud, gross negligence, willful misconduct or malfeasance). If any action shall be brought against any Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Purchaser Party shall promptly notify the Company in writing, and the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser Party. Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Purchaser Party except to the extent that (i) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized by the Company in writing, (ii) the Company has failed after a reasonable period of time to assume such defense and to employ counsel or (iii) in such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel, a material conflict on any material issue between the position of the Company and the position of such Purchaser Party, in which case the Company shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one such separate counsel. The Company will not be liable to any Purchaser Party under this Agreement (y) for any settlement by a Purchaser Party effected without the Companys prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (z) to the extent, but only to the extent, that a loss, claim, damage or liability is attributable to any Purchaser Partys breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by such Purchaser Party in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents. The indemnification required by this Section 4.2 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or are incurred. The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to any cause of action or similar right of any Purchaser Party against the Company or others and any liabilities the Company may be subject to pursuant to law.

4.3 Ranking. The Notes are senior secured debt of the Company, pari passu to the Existing Notes and subject to the terms and conditions of the Notes and Existing Notes and Security Agreement Modification. The Company shall not issue any debt senior to the Notes while any Notes remain outstanding without the consent of a majority of the then outstanding principal amount of the Notes.

15

4.4 Registration of Common
Shares. The Company agrees to file with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-3 or Form S-1 (or, if Form S-3 or Form S-1 is not
available, on another appropriate form) covering the resale of the shares of Common Stock (i) issued pursuant to Section 5.16, (ii)
underlying the Warrants, and/or (iii) payable by the Company pursuant to the Notes (collectively, the Registrable
Securities) as soon as practicable within ___ days after the initial Closing Date. The Company shall use its commercially
reasonable efforts to cause the registration statement to be declared effective by the SEC as soon as practicable following the
filing, subject to SEC comments. The Company shall also use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that the registration
statement remains effective until the earlier of (i) the date on which all Registrable Securities have been sold pursuant to the
registration statement or (ii) the date on which all Registrable Securities may be sold without restriction under Rule 144 of the
Securities Act. Each Purchaser shall furnish to the Company such information as shall be required to effect the registration of the
Registrable Securities. The Company may exclude from the registration statement the Registrable Securities of any holder who fails
to furnish such information within a reasonable time after receiving such request.

4.5 Use of Proceeds. The Company shall use the net proceeds received at each Closing hereunder to pay down existing obligations due and owing under the leases relating to its current hotel portfolio, and shall use the remaining net proceeds for working capital.

4.6 Participation in Future Private Financings.

(a) From the date hereof until the date that is the later of (i) the date on which no Notes are outstanding and (ii) the 18-month anniversary of the Closing Date, upon any issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of (1) Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, (2) indebtedness or (3) a combination of units thereof, in each case for cash and not as part of any ordinary course of business operations or as part of any underwritten public offering or Exempt Issuance (a Subsequent Private Financing), each Purchaser shall have the right to participate in such Subsequent Private Financing in an amount up to an amount equal to the principal of and accrued but unpaid interest under the Notes purchased by such Purchaser hereunder or if the amount of the Subsequent Private Financing is less than the aggregate principal amounts of all Notes purchased hereunder by all Purchasers, such Purchasers pro rata portion (Pro Rata Portion) based on such Purchasers principal amount of the Notes originally purchased hereunder as compared to the principal amount of all Notes purchased hereunder (such limited amount, the Participation Maximum), on the same terms, conditions and price provided for in the Subsequent Private Financing except that (i) the price of Purchasers participation shall be ninety percent (90%) of the price provided for in the Subsequent Private Financing, and (ii) each Purchaser shall have the right to so participate by paying and tendering Notes, which shall be accepted by the Company in lieu of a cash investment (at such discounted price) on a dollar-for-dollar basis based on the principal of and accrued but unpaid interest under the Notes so tendered. For purposes of clarity, this provision would not be triggered by any exercise or conversion of securities owned by a Purchaser (or contractual rights to acquire any securities of the Company to which such Purchaser or its Affiliates is a party).

(b) At least five (5) Business Days prior to the closing of the Subsequent Private Financing, the Company shall deliver to each Purchaser a written notice of its intention to effect a Subsequent Private Financing (Pre-Notice), which Pre-Notice shall ask such Purchaser if it wants to review the details of such financing (such additional notice, a Subsequent Private Financing Notice). Upon the request of a Purchaser (which must be made within one (1) Business Day of receipt by such Purchaser of the Pre-Notice), and only upon a request by such Purchaser, the Company shall promptly, but no later than one (1) Business Day after such request, deliver a Subsequent Private Financing Notice to such Purchaser. The Subsequent Private Financing Notice shall describe in reasonable detail the proposed terms of such Subsequent Private Financing, the amount of proceeds intended to be raised thereunder and the Person or Persons through or with whom such Subsequent Private Financing is proposed to be effected (subject to confidentiality obligations of the Company) and shall include a term sheet or similar document relating thereto as an attachment.

16

(c) Any Purchaser desiring to participate in such Subsequent Private Financing must provide written notice to the Company by not later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on the third (3rd) Business Day after its receipt of the Pre-Notice that such Purchaser is willing to participate in the Subsequent Private Financing, the amount of such Purchasers participation, and representing and warranting that such Purchaser has such funds ready, willing, and available for investment on the terms set forth in the Subsequent Private Financing Notice. If the Company receives no such notice from a Purchaser as of such third (3rd) Business Day, such Purchaser shall be deemed to have notified the Company that it does not elect to participate.

(d) If by 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on the third (3rd) Business Day after all of the Purchasers have received the Pre-Notice, notifications by the Purchasers or their failure to timely deliver notice) of their willingness to participate in the Subsequent Private Financing (or to cause their designees to participate) is, in the aggregate, less than the total amount of the Subsequent Private Financing, then the Company may consummate the remaining portion of such Subsequent Private Financing on the terms and with the other investors proposing the Subsequent Private Financing. In the event a Purchaser notifies the Company that it will participate in the Subsequent Private Financing and fails to fully fund its portion of the financing, such Purchaser shall thereafter lose the rights prescribed by this Section 4.6.

(e) If by 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on the third (3rd) Business Day after all of the Purchasers have received the Pre-Notices, the Company receives responses to a Subsequent Private Financing Notice from Purchasers seeking to purchase more than the aggregate amount of the Participation Maximum, each such Purchaser shall have the right to purchase its Pro Rata Portion (as defined above) of the Participation Maximum.

(f) The Company must provide the Purchaser with a second Subsequent Private Financing Notice, and the Purchasers will again have the right of participation set forth above in this Section 4.6, if the Subsequent Private Financing subject to the initial Subsequent Private Financing Notice is not consummated for any reason on the material terms set forth in such Subsequent Private Financing Notice within thirty (30) Business Days after the date of the initial Subsequent Private Financing Notice.

(g) The Company and each Purchaser agree that if any Purchaser elects to participate in the Subsequent Private Financing, the transaction documents related to the Subsequent Private Financing shall not include any term or provision whereby such Purchaser shall be required to agree to any restrictions on trading as to any of the Securities purchased under the terms of this Agreement or the Notes, or be required to consent to any amendment to or termination of, or grant any waiver, release or the like under or in connection with, this Agreement (or such other agreements and instruments), without the prior written consent of such Purchaser.

(h) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 4.6 and unless otherwise agreed to by such Purchaser, the Company shall either confirm in writing to such Purchaser that the transaction with respect to the Subsequent Private Financing has been abandoned or shall publicly disclose its intention to issue the securities in the Subsequent Private Financing, in either case in such a manner such that such Purchaser will not be in possession of any material, non-public information, by the tenth (10th) Business Day following delivery of the Subsequent Private Financing Notice. If by such tenth (10th) Business Day, no public disclosure regarding a transaction with respect to the Subsequent Private Financing has been made, and no notice regarding the abandonment of such transaction has been received by such Purchaser, such transaction shall be deemed to have been abandoned and such Purchaser shall not be deemed to be in possession of any material, non-public information with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

4.7 No Variable Rate Transactions. Until such time as no Notes or Warrants remain outstanding, the Company and each Subsidiary shall be prohibited from effecting or entering into an agreement to effect any Subsequent Private Financing involving a Variable Rate Transaction. For purposes hereof, Variable Rate Transaction means a transaction in which the Company or any Subsidiary (i) issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents either (A) at a conversion, exercise or exchange rate or other price that is based upon and/or varies with the trading prices of or quotations for the Common Stock at any time after the initial issuance of such Common Stock Equivalents, or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such Common Stock Equivalents or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Stock, other than pursuant to a customary weighted average anti-dilution provision or (ii) enters into any agreement (including, without limitation, an equity line of credit or an at-the-market offering) whereby the Company or any Subsidiary may sell securities at a future determined price (other than standard and customary preemptive or participation rights).

17

ARTICLE V.

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1 Fees and Expenses. Each party shall pay the fees and expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants, and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. Counsel to the Company (Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP) shall be paid $25,000 at the initial Closing of the transactions prescribed hereby from the proceeds of the transaction and as part of the flow of funds of such initial Closing.

5.2 Entire Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules hereto and thereto, contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules.

5.3 Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by a party hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by email (with a copy by a nationally recognized overnight courier, signature required), or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service, signature required, addressed to the receiving party at the email or physical address set forth on the Signature Page hereto. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email at the email address set forth on the signature pages to the Exchange Agreement prior to 12:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (ii) the next Business Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email at the email address set forth on the signature pages to the Exchange Agreement on a day that is not a Business Day or later than 12:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Business Day, (iii) the second Business Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, signature required or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto.

5.4 Amendments; Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed, in the case of an amendment, by the Company and Purchasers which purchased at least 51% in interest of the Notes based on the initial Subscription Amounts hereunder or, in the case of a waiver, by the party against whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought, provided that if any amendment, modification or waiver disproportionately and adversely impacts a Purchaser (or group of Purchasers), the consent of such disproportionately impacted Purchaser (or group of Purchasers) shall also be required. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right. Any proposed amendment or waiver that disproportionately, materially and adversely affects the rights and obligations of any Purchaser relative to the comparable rights and obligations of the other Purchasers shall require the prior written consent of such adversely affected Purchaser. Any amendment effected in accordance with this Section 5.4 shall be binding upon each Purchaser and holder of Notes and the Company.

5.5 Headings. The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

18

5.6 Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns. The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Purchaser (other than by merger). Any Purchaser may assign any or all its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom such Purchaser assigns or transfers any Notes, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred Notes, by the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Purchasers.

5.7 No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person.

5.8 Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in New Castle County, State of Delaware. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in New Castle County, State of Delaware for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If either party shall commence an action, suit or proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of the Company under Section 4.2, the prevailing party in such action, suit or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

5.9 Survival. The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Notes for a period of twenty-four (24) months thereafter.

5.10 Execution. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party, it being understood that the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or by e-mail delivery of a .pdf format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

5.11 Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

19

5.12 Remedies. In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, each of the Purchasers and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary damages may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction Documents and hereby agree to waive and not to assert in any action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate.

5.13 Independent Nature of Purchasers Obligations and Rights . The obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document are several and not joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance or non-performance of the obligations of any other Purchaser under any Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or in any other Transaction Document, and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers are in any way acting in concert or as a group with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each Purchaser shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce its rights, including, without limitation, the rights arising out of this Agreement or out of the other Transaction Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional party in any proceeding for such purpose. Each Purchaser has been represented by its own separate legal counsel in its review and negotiation of the Transaction Documents. The Company has elected to provide all Purchasers with the same terms and Transaction Documents for the convenience of the Company and not because it was required or requested to do so by any of the Purchasers.

5.14 Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken, or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

5.15 Construction. The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise the Transaction Documents and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, every reference to share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement.

5.16 Issuance of Common Stock and Warrants. At each Closing, each Purchaser therein shall be issued by the Company: (A) a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the amount obtained by dividing (i) the product of (x) such Purchasers Subscription Amount and (y) five percent (5%) by (ii) the VWAP of the Common Stock on the Closing Date thereof; and (B) cash-exercise common stock purchase warrants in the form of Appendix B hereto (the Warrants) entitling such Purchaser to purchase that number of shares of Common Stock equal to such Purchasers Subscription Amount exercisable at an initial exercise price (subject to adjustment as provided therein of $0.10 above VWAP of the Common Stock on the Closing Date thereof.

5.17WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY, THE PARTIES EACH
KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY AND
EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY.

(Signature Pages Follow)

20

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated above.

LUXURBAN HOTELS
INC.

By: /s/
Brandon Elster

Name: Brandon Elster

Title: Chief Development Officer

See following pages for:

Appendix A: Form of OID Note

Appendix B: Form of Warrant

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

SIGNATURE PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]

21

[PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGES TO SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT]

Purchaser Name: Greenle Partners LLC Series Alpha P.S. 

Signature: /s/ Alan Uryniak 

Title: Manager 

Purchaser Address: ********* 

Email: ********* 

Purchaser EIN: ********* 

SUBSCRIPTION AMOUNT: 

1. Cash Investment: $ 300,000 

2. Prior Receivables Financing Outstandings: $ 0 

3. TOTAL (1+2): $ 300,000 

22

COMPANY DISCLOSURE SCHEDULES

Schedule 3.1(h)

The Companys independent accounting firm has issued a going concern opinion in the Companys most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K. As noted in the Companys recent prospectus supplement, dated July 25, 2024, and in its SEC Reports, the Company has substantial liabilities and current obligations for which the Companys current capital resources are insufficient. The Company actively manages available cash and negotiates payment schedules with vendors and others and has recently undertaken and will continue to undertake capital raising initiatives, including underwritten and private placements of equity and debt, of which the debt issuance and sale prescribed by this Agreement is a part. Subject to the provisions and restrictions of this Agreement, the Company will seek to consummate additional offerings hereafter which may serve to dilute existing stockholders equity ownership percentage, increase the indebtedness of the Company, and encumber the Companys assets. There can be no assurance the Company will be able to raise all required capital on commercially reasonable terms or at all. An investment in the Company should be viewed in all respects as an investment in a distressed situation. The Companys existing capital position difficulties have been exacerbated by recent shutdown of services and payments by its credit card processors and third-party reservation platforms.

The Company has elected to terminate various agreements and relationships during the quarter ending June 30, 2024, as an integral part of the Companys cost cutting plan. This has included the termination of numerous employees, hotel leases, and the Companys franchise relationship with Wyndham Hotels and Resorts. This has resulted in a lawsuit brought by Wyndham against the Company. Although the Company believes it has viable counterclaims against Wyndham and certain landlords respecting terminated hotel leases, and has made reserves on its balance sheet for potential liabilities arising from active and potential claims, there can be no assurance these reserves will prove sufficient or that the Company will have the financial resources to satisfy any judgement rendered against it, that the Company will be able to negotiate settlements on any claims on economically viable terms, or successfully prosecute its own claims and counterclaims. As previously disclosed in the SEC Reports, the Company is a party to other litigations. The Company is in technical or declared default under the majority of its hotel leases and other material agreements. Although the Company has made reserves on its balance sheet for litigation actions, there can be no assurance that the Companys defense and counterclaims in any such litigations will be successful or that such litigations will not result in material liabilities to the Company or that the Company will have the required resources to satisfy any judgement or settlement. The Company was recently subjected to a garnishment as a result of unpaid liabilities arising from an adverse judgement entered in September 2023. The Company is currently a defendant in numerous other lawsuits that could result in liabilities in the near term. The Company has also failed to pay certain sales and use taxes and while it is endeavoring to rectify this delinquency, it has not been able to do fully and may not have the capital resources to timely rectify same.

The Companys capital position has resulted from time to time, including recently, in the cessation of certain services that are material to the Companys operations, including reservation platform services and credit card processing and advance services. The Company will be required to manage these relationships and obtain and utilize capital to continue to access these required services.

The Company has determined that it will need to restate its financial statements as previously filed with its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended March 31, 2024 (Q1-24 10-Q) to correct a material overstatement of revenues in the amount of approximately $13.8 million. The Company will file a Current Report on Form 8-K during the week of August 12, 2024 and file an amendment to the Q1- 24 10-Q. Based on SEC regulations, the Q1-24 10-Q shall be deemed retroactively to have been filed late and the Company will have its ability to utilize Form S-3 suspended as prescribed by SEC regulations. The above-described restatement could trigger legal actions by stockholders and regulatory actions by the SEC or action by Nasdaq. There can be no certainty as to whether such actions will arise or the scope or breadth of such actions or the potential liabilities that would result for the Company.

23

Schedule 3(r)

The Company is obligated to issue shares of common stock to certain holders upon the issuance of common stock under certain prescribed prices.

24
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>luxurban_ex10-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

APPENDIX A

FORM OF OID NOTE

NEITHER THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE, THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH SUCH SECURITIES ARE CONVERTIBLE, NOR THE SECURITIES THAT MAY OTHERWISE BE ISSUABLE UNDER SUCH SECURITIES HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 UNDER SAID ACT.

LUXURBAN HOTELS INC.

SENIOR SECURED OID NOTE

Initial Closing Date: January 21, 2025 Subscription Amount $ 

Date of this Note: ____. 2025 Original Principal Amount: $ 1

Maturity
Date: October ___, 20252 Interest Rate: 12 %

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, LuxUrban Hotels Inc., a Delaware corporation (hereinafter called the Borrower or the Company), hereby promises to pay to the order of [NAME OF LENDER] or its registered assigns (the Holder), the principal sum of the Original Principal Amount set forth hereinabove (the Principal Amount), together with interest thereon, as set forth in this Senior Secured OID Note together with interest on the unpaid Principal Amount, under the terms and conditions provided for herein. This Senior Secured OID Note (including all Senior Secured OID e Notes issued in exchange, transfer or replacement hereof, this Note) is one of several Senior Secured OID Notes issued pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement (as defined below) (collectively, the Notes and such other Senior Secured OID Notes, the Other Notes). Certain capitalized terms used herein are defined in Section 5.1. Other capitalized terms used herein but not defined shall have the meaning given to such terms in the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of the Initial Closing Date set forth hereinabove, between the Borrower and the purchaser(s) identified on the signature pages thereto (the Securities Purchase Agreement).

ARTICLE I. PRINCIPAL TERMS

1.1 Principal Repayment. The entire Principal Amount of this Note shall be due and payable, together with all accrued but unpaid Interest (as defined below), on the Maturity Date set forth hereinabove (the Maturity Date).

1.2 Interest Rate and Payments. The outstanding Subscription Amount of this Note shall accrue interest at the rate of twelve percent (12%) per annum (subject to default adjustment as provided in Article IV hereof) commencing on Date of this Note set forth hereinabove (the Issue Date) and shall be payable in cash monthly in arrears beginning on February __, 2025 and continuing on the first day of each month thereafter until the Principal Amount is paid in full (Interest). Interest shall be computed on the basis of a 365-day year and the actual number of days elapsed.

1 Subscription Amount divided by 80%

2 Nine months from Initial Closing Date

1.3 Application of Payments.
Except as otherwise required by law or by the provisions of this Note, payments received by the Holder hereunder shall be applied first
against Interest accrued on this Note and next in reduction of the outstanding Principal Amount of this Note.

1.4 Waiver and Consent. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Borrower waives demand, presentment, protest, notice of dishonor, suit against or joinder of any other person, and all other requirements necessary to charge or hold the Borrower liable with respect to this Note.

1.5 Prepayment. This Note may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time without penalty to the Borrower.

ARTICLE II. CERTAIN COVENANTS

2.1 Ranking. The payments due under this Note (a) shall rank pari passu with all Other Notes and all Existing Notes, and (b) shall be senior to or pari passu with all other Indebtedness of the Borrower.

2.2 Other Indebtedness. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, without the prior written consent of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding principal amount of the Notes, the Borrower shall not (directly or indirectly through any Subsidiary or Affiliate) incur or suffer to exist any Indebtedness other than Permitted Indebtedness.

2.3 Existence of Liens. So long as this Note is outstanding, the Borrower shall not, and the Borrower shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, allow or suffer to exist any mortgage, lien, pledge, charge, security interest or other similar encumbrance upon or in any property or assets (including accounts and contract rights) owned by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (collectively Liens) other than Permitted Liens.

2.4 Distributions on Capital Stock. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not without the prior written consent of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding principal amount of the Notes, (a) pay, declare or set apart for such payment, any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, property or other securities) on shares of its capital stock other than dividends on shares of its common stock solely in the form of additional shares of common stock or (b) as required under agreements existing as of the date hereof or (c) directly or indirectly or through any Subsidiary make any other payment or distribution in respect of its capital stock except for distributions pursuant to any shareholders rights plan which is approved by a majority of the Borrowers disinterested directors.

ARTICLE III. DISCRETIONARY CONVERSION (COMMON STOCK)

3.1 Voluntary Conversion. From time to time on or after the Issue Date, this Note shall be convertible, in whole or in part, into shares of Common Stock (the Common Stock Conversion Shares). The Holder shall effect conversions by delivering to the Company a Notice of Common Stock Conversion, the form of which is attached hereto as Annex A (each, a Notice of Common Stock Conversion), specifying therein the Principal Amount of this Note to be converted, accrued and unpaid Interest outstanding under this Note to be converted, and the date on which such conversion shall be effected (such date, the Common Stock Conversion Date). If no Common Stock Conversion Date is specified in a Notice of Common Stock Conversion, the Common Stock Conversion Date shall be the date that such Notice of Common Stock Conversion is deemed delivered hereunder. No ink-original Notice of Common Stock Conversion shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Common Stock Conversion form be required. To effect conversions hereunder, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Note to the Company unless the entire principal amount of this Note, plus all accrued and unpaid Interest thereon, has been so converted. Conversions hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding principal amount of this Note in an amount equal to the applicable conversion. The Holder and the Company shall maintain a Common Stock Conversion Schedule showing the Principal Amount(s) converted, the corresponding paydown of interest and the date of such conversion(s). In the event of any dispute or discrepancy, the records of the Holder shall be controlling and determinative in the absence of manifest error. The Holder, and any assignee by acceptance of this Note, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following conversion of a portion of this Note, the unpaid and unconverted principal amount of this Note may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

A-2

3.2
Conversion Price. The per-share conversion price with respect to the conversion of this Note into Common Stock shall initially
be the VWAP of the Common Stock on the trading day immediately preceding the Issue Date of this Note (the Initial Conversion
Price); provided, however, that effective on the first trading day on or after the day that is the thirtieth
(30th) day after the effectiveness date of the Reverse Split (as defined in the Existing Notes SPA), such per-share conversion
price shall automatically adjust to the lowest VWAP during such 30-day period if (and only if) such lowest VWAP is less than the Initial
Conversion Price (such conversion price, as may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Notes, including (if any) as a
result of the Reverse Split, the Conversion Price).

3.3 Mechanics of Conversion.

(a) Conversion Shares Issuable Upon Conversion of Principal Amount, Interest and Mandatory Default Amount. The number of Common Stock Conversion Shares issuable upon a conversion hereunder shall be determined by the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the outstanding principal amount of this Note to be converted and any accrued and unpaid interest to be converted, which amount may include the Mandatory Default Amount, by (y) the Conversion Price then in effect.

(b) Delivery of Shares Upon Conversion. Not later than three (3) trading days after each Voluntary Conversion Date (the Share Delivery Date), the Company shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Holder (A) the Common Stock Conversion Shares which, on or after the date on which such Common Stock Conversion Shares are eligible to be sold under Rule 144 without the need for current public information and the Company has received an opinion of counsel to such effect reasonably acceptable to the Company, shall be free of restrictive legends and trading restrictions (other than those which may then be required by the Purchase Agreement) and (B) a bank check in the amount of accrued and unpaid interest (if the Company has elected or is required to pay accrued interest in cash). All shares required to be delivered by the Company under this Section 3.3 shall be delivered electronically through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions, if available, or physical certificates if not available. If the Common Stock Conversion Date is prior to the date on which such Common Stock Conversion Shares are eligible to be sold under Rule 144 without the need for current public information, the Common Stock Conversion Shares shall bear a restrictive legend in the following form, as appropriate:

THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THESE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDER), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES.

A-3

(c) Failure to Deliver Shares. If, in the case of any Notice of Common Stock Conversion, such shares are not delivered to or as directed by the applicable Holder by the Share Delivery Date, the Holder shall be entitled to elect by written notice to the Company at any time on or before its receipt of such shares, to rescind such conversion, in which event the Company shall promptly return to the Holder any original Note delivered to the Company and the Holder shall promptly return to the Company any Common Stock issued to such Holder pursuant to the rescinded Conversion Notice. Notwithstanding the obligations of the Company contained in Section 3.3(b) to deliver shares, any requirement to deliver shares shall be satisfied by recording share issuances in favor of the Holder in book entry form and delivery to the Holder of written evidence of such share issuances.

(d) Obligation Absolute; Partial Liquidated Damages. The Companys obligations to issue and deliver the Common Stock Conversion Shares upon conversion of this Note in accordance with the terms hereof are absolute and unconditional, irrespective of any action or inaction by the Holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision hereof, the recovery of any judgment against any Person or any action to enforce the same, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged breach by the Holder or any other Person of any obligation to the Company or any violation or alleged violation of law by the Holder or any other Person, and irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the Company to the Holder in connection with the issuance of such Common Stock Conversion Shares; provided, however, that such delivery shall not operate as a waiver by the Company of any such action the Company may have against the Holder. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue actual damages or declare an Event of Default pursuant to Article V hereof for the Companys failure to deliver Common Stock Conversion Shares within the period specified herein and the Holder shall have the right to pursue all remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief. The exercise of any such rights shall not prohibit the Holder from seeking to enforce damages pursuant to any other Section hereof or under applicable law.

(e) Reservation of Shares Issuable Upon Conversion. The Company covenants that it will at all reserve and keep available out of its authorized and unissued shares a number of shares of Common Stock at least equal to that number of shares of Common Stock determined by dividing 200% of the then aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Notes by the then applicable Conversion Price for the sole purpose of issuance upon conversion of this Note, free from preemptive rights or any other actual contingent purchase rights of Persons other than the Holder (and the other holders of the Notes). The Company covenants that all shares of Common Stock that shall be so issuable shall, upon issue, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.

(f) Legend Provisions. Certificates evidencing the Common Stock Conversion Shares shall not contain any legend (including the legend set forth in Section 3.3(b) hereof): (i) while a registration statement covering the resale of such security is effective under the Securities Act, (ii) following any sale of such Common Stock Conversion Shares pursuant to Rule 144, (iii) if such Common Stock Conversion Shares are eligible for sale under Rule 144, without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information required under Rule 144 as to such Common Stock Conversion Shares and without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions, or (iv) if such legend is not required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the Commission). The Company shall cause its counsel to issue a legal opinion to the Transfer Agent promptly after the events described in clauses (i) - (iv) in the immediately preceding sentence if required by the Companys transfer agent to effect the removal of the legend hereunder. If all or any Notes are converted at a time when there is an effective registration statement to cover the resale of the Common Stock Conversion Shares, or if such Common Stock Conversion Shares may be sold under Rule 144 and the Company is then in compliance with the current public information required under Rule 144, or if the Common Stock Conversion Shares may be sold under Rule 144 without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information required under Rule 144 as to such Common Stock Conversion Shares and without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or if such legend is not otherwise required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and

A-4

pronouncements issued by the staff of the Commission) then such Common Stock Conversion Shares shall be issued free of all legends. The Company agrees that following such time as such legend is no longer required under this Section 3.3(b), it will, no later than three Business Days following the delivery by a Purchaser to the Company or the transfer agent of a certificate representing Common Stock Conversion Shares issued with a restrictive legend (such third Business Day, the Legend Removal Date), deliver or cause to be delivered to such Purchaser a certificate representing such shares that is free from all restrictive and other legends. The Company may not make any notation on its records or give instructions to the transfer agent that enlarge the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Section 3. Common Stock Conversion Shares subject to legend removal hereunder shall be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Purchaser by crediting the account of the Purchasers prime broker with the Depository Trust Company System as directed by such Purchaser.

(g) Penalty. In addition to such Purchasers other available remedies, the Company shall pay to a Purchaser, in cash, as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Common Stock Conversion Shares (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date such securities are submitted to the Transfer Agent) delivered for removal of the restrictive legend and subject to Section 3.3(b), $10 per Business Day (increasing to $20 per Business Day five (5) Business Days after such damages have begun to accrue) for each Business Day after the Legend Removal Date until such certificate is delivered without a legend. Nothing herein shall limit such Purchasers right to pursue actual damages for the Companys failure to deliver certificates representing any securities as required by tis Note, and such Purchaser shall have the right to pursue all remedies available to it at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief.

(h) Fractional Shares. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares of Common Stock shall be issued upon the conversion of this Note. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such conversion, the Company shall at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Conversion Price or round up to the next whole share.

(i) Transfer Taxes and Expenses. The issuance of certificates for shares of the Common Stock on conversion of this Note shall be made without charge to the Holder hereof for any documentary stamp or similar taxes that may be payable in respect of the issue or delivery of such certificates, provided that, the Company shall not be required to pay any tax that may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issuance and delivery of any such certificate upon conversion in a name other than that of the Holder of this Note so converted and the Company shall not be required to issue or deliver such certificates unless or until the Person or Persons requesting the issuance thereof shall have paid to the Company the amount of such tax or shall have established to the satisfaction of the Company that such tax has been paid. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Common Stock Conversion.

(j) Holders Conversion Limitations. The Company shall not effect any conversion of principal and/or interest of this Note into Common Stock, and a Holder shall not have the right to convert any principal and/or interest of this Note into Common Stock, to the extent that after giving effect to the conversion set forth on the applicable Notice of Conversion, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates) would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which are issuable upon (i) conversion of the remaining, unconverted principal amount of this Note beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other securities of the Company subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein (including, without limitation, any other Notes or the Warrants) beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates. Except as set forth in the preceding

A-5

sentence, for purposes of this Section 3.3(j), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 3.3(j) applies, the determination of whether this Note is convertible (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates) and of which principal amount of this Note is convertible shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Conversion shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Note may be converted (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates) and which principal amount of this Note is convertible, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation. To ensure compliance with this restriction, the Holder will be deemed to represent to the Company each time it delivers a Notice of Conversion that such Notice of Conversion has not violated the restrictions set forth in this paragraph and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 3.3(j), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, the Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as stated in the most recent of the following: (i) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (ii) a more recent public announcement by the Company, or (iii) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Companys transfer agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within two trading days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Note, by the Holder or its Affiliates since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note held by the Holder. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 3.3(j) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation contained herein or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Note.

3.4 Primary Market Limitation. Unless the approval of the Companys stockholders is not required by the applicable rules of the applicable Trading Market for issuances of Common Stock in excess of the Primary Market Limitation (as defined below), or the Company has obtained such approval, the Company shall not effect any conversion of this Note into Common Stock and the Holder shall not have the right to convert any portion of this Note into Common Stock to the extent that, after giving effect to such exercise, alone or in combination with other holders of Notes and Note Warrants or any related securities would result in the issuance of shares of Common Stock the Holder would have received in respect of its share of Common Stock in excess of its pro rata share of the Primary Market Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the Holders pro rata share of the Primary Market Limitation shall be equal to (i) the original principal amount of the Note purchased by the Holder in the Offering divided by (ii) the aggregate original principal amount of all Notes sold in the Offering and the purchaser price of all other securities aggregated with the Notes for the purposes of the applicable rules of the applicable Primary Market. The Primary Market Limitation shall be 19.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately before the first sale of the Notes (or the first sale of any other securities aggregated with the Notes for the purposes of the applicable rules of the applicable Primary Market, if earlier). The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of these Notes.

3.5 Termination of Rights. Upon the conversion of this Note in full in accordance with the terms of this Article IV, this Note shall be automatically cancelled and shall no longer be outstanding, and all rights with respect to the Note, whether arising hereunder or otherwise, shall terminate, except for the rights of the Holder to receive shares of Common Stock in exchange for the Note as provided herein.

A-6

3.6 Stock Dividends and Stock Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Note is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions payable in shares of Common Stock on shares of Common Stock or any Common Stock Equivalents (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon conversion of, or payment of interest on, the Notes), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of a reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares or (iv) issues, in the event of a reclassification of shares of the Common Stock, any shares of capital stock of the Company, then the Common Stock Conversion Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Company) outstanding immediately before such event, and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

3.7 Subsequent Equity Sales. If, at any time while this Note is outstanding the Company or any Subsidiary, as applicable, sells or grants any option to purchase or sells or grants any right to reprice, or otherwise disposes of or issues (or announces any sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition), any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents entitling any Person to acquire shares of Common Stock in any transaction at an effective price per share that is lower than the then Common Stock Conversion Price then in effect (such lower price, the Base Common Stock Conversion Price and such issuances, collectively, a Dilutive Issuance) (if the holders of the Existing Notes or the Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents so issued shall at any time, whether by operation of purchase price adjustments, reset provisions, floating conversion, exercise or exchange prices or otherwise, or due to the terms of the Existing Notes or warrants, options or rights per share which are issued in connection with such issuance, be entitled to receive shares of Common Stock at an effective price per share that is lower than the Common Stock Conversion Price, such issuance shall be deemed to have occurred for less than the Common Stock Conversion Price on such date of the Dilutive Issuance), then the Common Stock Conversion Price shall be reduced to equal the Base Common Stock Conversion Price. Such adjustment shall be made whenever such Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are issued. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no adjustment will be made under this Section 3.7 in respect of an Exempt Issuance. The Company shall notify the Holder in writing, no later than the trading day following the issuance of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents subject to this Section 3.7, indicating therein the applicable issuance price, or applicable reset price, exchange price, exercise price, conversion price and other pricing terms (such notice, the Dilutive Issuance Notice). For purposes of clarification, whether or not the Company provides a Dilutive Issuance Notice pursuant to this Section 3.7, upon the occurrence of any Dilutive Issuance, the Holder is entitled to receive a number of Common Stock Conversion Shares based upon the Base Common Stock Conversion Price on or after the date of such Dilutive Issuance, regardless of whether the Holder accurately refers to the Base Common Stock Conversion Price in the Notice of Common Stock Conversion.

3.8 [Reserved].

3.9 Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Note is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after the issuance of this Note, then, in each such case, upon conversion of this Note, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of this Note (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation or Primary Market Limitation).

A-7

3.10 Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Note is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company, directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Common Stock, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with another Person whereby such other Person acquires more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination) (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent conversion of this Note under Article IV, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Conversion Share that would have been issuable upon such conversion immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 4(d) on the conversion of this Note), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Note is convertible immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any Beneficial Ownership Limitation or Primary Market Limitation on the conversion of this Note). For purposes of any such conversion, the determination of the Conversion Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one (1) share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Conversion Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any conversion of this Note following such Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Note in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3.10 pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the holder of this Note, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Note a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Note which is convertible for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon conversion of this Note (without regard to any limitations on the conversion of this Note) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with a conversion price which applies the conversion price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such conversion price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Note immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Note referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Note with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein.

A-8

3.11 Calculations. All calculations under this Article IV shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes of this Article IV, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Company) issued and outstanding.

3.12 Notice to the Holder.

(a) Adjustment to Conversion Price. Whenever the Common Stock Conversion Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Article IV, the Company shall promptly deliver to each Holder a notice setting forth the Common Stock Conversion Price after such adjustment and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

(b) Notice to Allow Conversion by Holder. If (i) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common Stock, (ii) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (iii) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock of rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (iv) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property, (v) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, or (vi) the Company shall wish to prepay this Note, in whole or in part, prior to the Maturity Date, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be filed at each office or agency maintained for the purpose of conversion of this Note, and shall cause to be delivered to the Holder at its last address as it shall appear upon the Note Register, at least twenty (20) calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer, share exchange or pre-payment is expected to become effective or close or be paid, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange, provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to convert this Note during the 20-day period commencing on the date of such notice through the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

A-9

ARTICLE IV. EVENTS OF DEFAULT

The occurrence of any of the following events of default shall each be an Event of Default, with no right to notice or the right to cure except as specifically stated:

4.1 Failure to Pay Principal or Interest. The Borrower fails to pay the Principal Payments or Interest thereon when due on this Note and such failure continues for a period of at least five (5) Business Days.

4.2 Breach of Covenants. The Borrower breaches any material covenant or other material term or condition contained in this Note or in the Securities Purchase Agreement or the Security Agreement (as defined in the Existing Notes SPA) and such breach continues for a period of ten (10) days after written notice thereof to the Borrower from the Holder.

4.3 Receiver or Trustee. The Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors or applies for or consents to the appointment of a receiver or trustee for it or for a substantial part of its property or business, or such a receiver or trustee is otherwise appointed.

4.4 Bankruptcy. Bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings, voluntary or involuntary, for relief under any bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors are instituted by or against the Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower.

4.5 Liquidation. The Borrower commences any dissolution, liquidation, or winding up of Borrower or any substantial portion of its business.

4.6 Failure of Common Stock Delivery. The Borrower shall fail for any reason to deliver the required number of shares of Common Stock to a Holder prior to the Payment Delivery Date therefor pursuant to Section 3.1; or the Borrower shall fail for any reason to deliver the required number of shares of Common Stock to a Holder prior to the third trading day after a Common Stock Conversion Date pursuant to Section 3.3(b) or the Borrower shall provide at any time notice to the Holder, including by way of public announcement, of the Companys intention to not honor requests for conversions of any Notes in accordance with the terms hereof;

4.7 Cessation of Operations. The Borrower ceases operations or Borrower admits it is otherwise generally unable to pay its debts as such debts become due, provided, however, that any disclosure of the Borrowers ability to continue as a going concern shall not be an admission that the Borrower cannot pay its debts as they become due.

4.8
Other Defaults. The Company or any Subsidiary shall default on any of its obligations under any mortgage(s), credit agreement(s)
or other facility(ies), indenture agreement(s), debt agreement(s), factoring agreement(s), or other instrument(s) under which there may
be issued, or by which there may be secured or evidenced, any indebtedness for borrowed money or money due under any factoring, merchant
cash advance or similar financing greater than $1,000,000 in the aggregate, whether such indebtedness now exists or shall hereafter be
created, and (b) results in such indebtedness becoming or being declared due and payable prior to the date on which it would otherwise
become due and payable.

4.9 Delisting Events. The (a) Common Stock shall be delisted for listing or quotation on the Nasdaq Capital Markets and shall thereafter not be eligible to resume listing or quotation for trading thereon within twenty- one Business Days or (b) transfer of shares of Common Stock through the Depository Trust Company System (the DTC) is no longer available as a result of any action or default by the Company after any applicable cure period provided by DTC;

4.10 Failure on Reserve. The Company shall fail to maintain sufficient reserved shares pursuant to Section 3.3(e) of this Note.

A-10

4.11 Judgments. Any monetary judgement, writ or similar final process shall be entered or filed after the date hereof against the Company, any subsidiary or any of their respective property or assets for more than $500,000, and such judgement, writ or similar process shall remain unvacated, unbonded, or unstayed for a period of 45 calendar days thereafter.

4.12 Exchange Act Reports Failure. The Company fails to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission after the date hereof any required reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, in all cases subject to available filing extensions as provided under the rules and regulations of the Exchange Act.

Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default specified in this Article IV, (i) automatically thereupon the Interest under this Note shall accrue at the rate of eighteen percent (18%) per annum, and (ii) upon written notice of declaration of default by holders of at least a majority of the principal of the then outstanding Notes, this Note shall become immediately due and payable in an amount equal to the Mandatory Default Amount (as defined below) and the Borrower shall pay to the Holder, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, an amount equal to the then outstanding such Mandatory Default Amount without further demand, presentment or notice, all of which hereby are expressly waived, together with all costs, including, without limitation, legal fees and expenses of collection, and the Holder shall be entitled to exercise all other rights and remedies available at law or in equity. Mandatory Default Amount means the payment of 110% (Default Premium) of the outstanding Principal Amount of this Note and all accrued and unpaid Interest under this Note through the date of payment, in addition to the payment of all other amounts, costs, expenses and liquidated damages due in respect of this Note; provided that (A) if at such time the Company may issue shares to the Holder in shares of its Common Stock that, upon such issuance, are registered for resale under the Securities Act or eligible for resale under Rule 144 and may be issued hereunder to the Holder without violate the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined in Section 3.3(j) or the Primary Market Limitation (as defined in Section 3.4), then (i) the Company may, at its option, pay in shares of Common Stock such Mandatory Default Amount to the Holder in consecutive bi-weekly installments not exceeding twenty-four (24) (provided that in no event may any such installment exceed twenty percent (20%) of the average trading volume of the Common Stock its Trading Market over the five (5) trading days immediately preceding the delivery date thereof hereunder), (ii) the Default Premium shall be 120% with respect to the portion so paid in shares of Common Stock, and (iii) for such purpose, the Common Stock will be valued at the lowest VWAP of the common Stock over the five (5) trading days immediately preceding the delivery date thereof hereunder, and (B) and, notwithstanding the foregoing, from and after the Maturity Date the Company may not pay the Mandatory Default Amount (or any portion thereof) in shares of Common Stock except to the extent consented to in advance by the Holder.

ARTICLE V. MISCELLANEOUS

5.1 Certain Definitions.

(a) Contingent Obligation means, as to any Person, any direct or indirect liability, contingent or otherwise, of that Person with respect to any indebtedness, lease, dividend or other obligation of another Person if the primary purpose or intent of the Person incurring such liability, or the primary effect thereof, is to provide assurance to the obligee of such liability that such liability will be paid or discharged, or that any agreements relating thereto will be complied with, or that the holders of such liability will be protected (in whole or in part) against loss with respect thereto.

(b) Indebtedness means (1) all indebtedness for borrowed money, (2) all obligations issued, undertaken or assumed as the deferred purchase price of property or services (including, without limitation, capital leases in accordance with GAAP) (other than trade payables entered into in the ordinary course of business, including payables under the terms of leases in the ordinary course of business), (3) all reimbursement or payment obligations with respect to letters of credit, surety bonds and other similar instruments, (4) all obligations evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or similar instruments, including obligations so evidenced incurred in connection with the acquisition of property, assets or businesses, (5) all indebtedness created or arising under any conditional sale or other title retention

A-11

agreement, or incurred as financing, in either case with respect to any property or assets acquired with the proceeds of such indebtedness (even though the rights and remedies of the seller or bank under such agreement in the event of default are limited to repossession or sale of such property), (6) all monetary obligations under any leasing or similar arrangement which, in connection with GAAP, consistently applied for the periods covered thereby, is classified as a capital lease, (7) all indebtedness referred to in clauses (1) through (6) above secured by (or for which the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any mortgage, lien, pledge, charge, security interest or other encumbrance upon or in any property or assets (including accounts and contract rights) owned by any Person, even though the Person which owns such assets or property has not assumed or become liable for the payment of such indebtedness, and (8) all Contingent Obligations in respect of indebtedness or obligations of others of the kinds referred to in clauses (1) through (7) above.

(c) Permitted Indebtedness means (1) the Indebtedness evidenced by this Note, the Other Notes or the Existing Notes, (2) Indebtedness incurred by the Company that is made expressly subordinate in right of payment to the Indebtedness evidenced by this Note, (3) Purchase Money Indebtedness, (4) Indebtedness to trade creditors incurred in the ordinary course of business, including Indebtedness under the terms of leases in the ordinary course of business, and (5) Indebtedness incurred under any factoring, merchant cash advance or similar financing not in excess of (at any one time outstanding) the amount of such Indebtedness outstanding on the Initial Closing Date as set forth hereinabove.

(d) Permitted Liens means (1) any Lien for taxes not yet due or delinquent or being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings for which adequate reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP, (2) any statutory Lien arising in the ordinary course of business by operation of law with respect to a liability that is not yet due or delinquent, (3) any Lien created by operation of law, such as materialmens liens, mechanics liens and other similar liens, arising in the ordinary course of business with respect to a liability that is not yet due or delinquent or that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, (4) Liens (A) upon or in any equipment acquired or held by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to secure the purchase price of such equipment or indebtedness incurred solely for the purpose of financing the acquisition or lease of such equipment, or (B) existing on such equipment at the time of its acquisition, provided that the Lien is confined solely to the property so acquired and improvements thereon, and the proceeds of such equipment, (5) Liens incurred in connection with the extension, renewal or refinancing of the indebtedness secured by Liens of the type described in clauses (1) through (4) above, provided that any extension, renewal or replacement Lien shall be limited to the property encumbered by the existing Lien and the principal amount of the Indebtedness being extended, renewed or refinanced does not increase, (6) leases, subleases, licenses and sublicenses granted to others in the ordinary course of the Companys business, not interfering in any material respect with the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (7) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payments of custom duties in connection with the importation of goods, and (8) Liens arising from judgments, decrees or attachments in circumstances not constituting an Event of Default under Section 4.4.

(e) Purchase Money Indebtedness means Indebtedness (including capital lease obligations as defined under GAAP), incurred at the time of, or within 20 days after, the acquisition of any fixed assets for the purpose of financing all or any part of the acquisition cost thereof.

5.2 Failure or Indulgence Not Waiver. No failure or delay on the part of the Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privileges. All rights and remedies existing hereunder are cumulative to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies otherwise available.

A-12

5.3 Notices. All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be given in accordance with Section 5.3 of the Securities Purchase Agreement.

5.4 Amendments. This Note and any provision hereof may only be amended or waived by an instrument in writing signed by the Borrower and the holders of a majority of the then outstanding principal under the Notes.

5.5 Assignability. This Note shall be binding upon the Borrower and its successors and assigns, and shall inure to be the benefit of the Holder and its successors and assigns. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the rights, interests or obligations of the Borrower hereunder may not be assigned, by operation of law or otherwise, in whole or in part, by the Borrower without the prior signed written consent of the Holder, which consent may be withheld at the sole discretion of the Holder (any such assignment or transfer shall be null and void if the Borrower does not obtain the prior signed written consent of the Holder). This Note or any of the severable rights and obligations inuring to the benefit of or to be performed by Holder hereunder may be assigned by Holder to a third party, in whole or in part, without the need to obtain the Borrowers consent thereto. Notwithstanding anything in this Note to the contrary, this Note may be pledged as collateral in connection with a bona fide margin account or other lending arrangement.

5.6 Security Agreement. The Company and the Collateral Agent (as defined in the Security Agreement), as collateral agent for all holders of the Notes and Existing Notes (the Collateral Agent) shall execute the Existing Notes and Security Agreement Modification. The Holder hereby grants the Collateral Agent all necessary authority to act in the interests of all holders of the Notes and Existing Notes under the terms of the Security Agreement and any enforcement of rights thereunder and agrees to hold the Collateral Agent harmless for all actions taken by the Collateral with respect thereto other than through gross negligence and fraud.

5.7 Cost of Collection. If default is made in the payment of this Note, the Borrower shall pay the Holder hereof costs of collection, including reasonable attorneys fees.

5.8 Governing Law. This Note shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to the principles of conflicts of law (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction).

5.9 Exclusive Jurisdiction. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretation, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Note (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, employees or agents) shall only be commenced in the state and federal courts sitting in New Castle County, State of Delaware (the Delaware Courts). Each party hereto hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Courts for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of the Note), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of such Delaware Courts, or such Delaware Courts are improper or inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Note and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by applicable law. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Note or the transactions contemplated hereby.

A-13

5.10 JURY TRIAL WAIVER. THE BORROWER AND THE HOLDER HEREBY WAIVE A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM BROUGHT BY EITHER OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGAINST THE OTHER IN RESPECT OF ANY MATTER ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS NOTE.

5.11 Adjustment for More Favorable Terms Contained in Future Financings or Existing Financings. So long as this Note is outstanding, upon any issuance or existing issuance by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of any Common Stock Equivalents with any term more favorable to the holder of such security or with a term in favor of the holder of such security that was not similarly provided to the Holder in this Note, then the Company shall notify the Holder of such additional or more favorable term and such term, at the Holders option, shall become a part of this Note and its supporting documentation. The types of terms contained in the other security that may be more favorable to the holder of such security include, but are not limited to, terms addressing conversion discounts, conversion look back periods, interest rates, original issue discount percentages and warrant coverage.

5.12 Usury. If it shall be found that any interest or other amount deemed interest due hereunder violates the applicable law governing usury, the applicable rate of interest due hereunder shall automatically be lowered to equal the maximum rate of interest permitted under applicable law. The Borrower covenants (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) that it shall not at any time insist upon, plead, or in any manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any stay, extension or usury law or other law which would prohibit or forgive the Borrower from paying all or any portion of the principal of or interest on this Note as contemplated herein, wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, or which may affect the covenants or the performance of this Note, and the Borrower (to the extent it may lawfully do so) hereby expressly waives all benefits or advantage of any such law, and covenants that it will not, by resort to any such law, hinder, delay or impede the execution of any power herein granted to the Holder, but will suffer and permit the execution of every such power as though no such law has been enacted.

** signature page follows **

A-14

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Borrower has caused this Note to be signed in its name by its duly authorized officer on the Issue Date.

LUXURBAN HOTELS, INC.

By: 

Name: Brandon Elster

Title: Chief Development Officer

A-15
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>luxurban_ex10-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

APPENDIX B

FORM OF WARRANT

THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THESE SECURITIES AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE THEREOF HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. SUCH SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDER), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, SUCH SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES.

NUMBER WA-_____________________ ISSUANCE DATE: January ___, 2025

THIS WARRANT WILL BE VOID IF NOT EXERCISED PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION DATE

(DEFINED BELOW)

LUXURBAN HOTELS INC.

WARRANT

THIS
WARRANT CERTIFIES THAT, for value received _______________, is the registered holder (the Holder) of a warrant or
warrants (the Warrant(s)) and is entitled to purchase up to ________________ fully paid and non-assessable shares
of common stock, par value $0.00001 per share (Shares), of LUXURBAN HOTELS INC., a Delaware corporation (the Company)
at a purchase price per Share (the Exercise Price) equal to $_____1 per share (as may be adjusted from
time to time in accordance with this Warrant, including as a result of the Reverse Split). This Warrant is issued pursuant to that certain
Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 21, 2025 (Issuance Date), between the Company and the Holder
(the Securities Purchase Agreement) and other investors in a private placement (the Offering)
relating to the sale of Senior Secured OID Notes (the Notes) of the Company. Capitalized terms not defined herein
shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Securities Purchase Agreement. This certificate (Warrant Certificate)
represents the Warrant(s) referred to herein.

1. Term and Exercise of Warrants

(a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, this Warrant shall be exercisable, in whole or in part, commencing on the Issuance Date (the Exercisable Date) and ending on the five-year anniversary of the Issuance Date (the Expiration Date). Within two business days of the filing of Issuance Date, the Company shall deliver written instruction to its common stock transfer agent to reserve all shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant.

(b) The Warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase Shares from the Company, commencing on the Exercisable Date upon surrender of this Warrant, delivery of the Notice of Exercise form attached hereto (the Notice of Exercise) duly executed to the office of the Company, LUXURBAN HOTELS INC., Attention: Chief Financial Officer, 2125 Biscayne Blvd, Suite 253, Miami, FL 33137 mikej@luxurbanhotels.com (or such other office or agency of the Company as it may designate by notice in writing to the Holder at the address of the Holder appearing on the books of the Company) and payment of the Exercise Price (by cash or by check or bank draft payable to the order of the Company) whereupon the Holder shall be entitled to receive from the Company a stock certificate representing the number of Shares so purchased. In no event will the Company be required to net cash settle any warrant exercise.

1 Ten cents ($0.10) above VWAP on the trading day immediately preceding the Issuance Date.

2. Issuance of Shares; Holders Exercise Limitations; No Fractional Shares.

(a) Within three business days after the exercise of this Warrant and the clearance of the funds in payment of the applicable Exercise Price (the Delivery Deadline), the Company, at its expense, shall issue to the registered holder of such Warrant a certificate or certificates, or book entry position, for the number of Shares to which he, she or it is entitled, registered in such name or names as may be directed by him, her or it. Upon any exercise of the Warrant for less than the total number of full Shares provided for herein, there shall be issued to the registered holder hereof or the registered holders assignee a new Warrant Certificate covering the number of Shares for which the Warrant has not been exercised.

(b) If, at the time of exercise, the Company has a transfer agent (the Transfer Agent), then upon the exercise of this Warrant in whole or in part, the Company shall, at its expense, take all necessary action, including (if necessary) obtaining and delivering an opinion from its counsel, to ensure that the Transfer Agent shall issue Shares in the name of the Holder (or its nominee) or such other persons as designated by the Holder and in such denominations to be specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise.

(c) If the Transfer Agent is participating in the DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer (FAST) program, and subject to shares being issuable without legend as prescribed by Sections 6 and 7, below, upon written request of the Holder and in lieu of delivering physical certificates representing Shares to be delivered under or in connection with this Warrant Certificate, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Transfer Agent to electronically transmit the Shares to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders prime broker with the DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission (DWAC) system. The time periods for delivery and penalties described herein shall apply to the electronic transmittals described herein. Any delivery not effected by electronic transmission shall be effected by delivery of physical certificates.

(d) The Company shall not affect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with each person or other entity that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by, or is under common control with, the Holder (the Affiliates), and any other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Company common stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates shall include the number of shares of Company common stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Company common stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Company common stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 1(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 1(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations

B-2

promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(d), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Company common stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Company common stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Company common stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within two Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Company common stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Company common stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Company common stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% of the number of shares of the Company common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Company common stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(d), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Company common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Company common stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(d) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(d) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

(e) Primary Market Limitation. Unless the approval of the Companys stockholders is not required by the applicable rules of the applicable trading market for issuances of Common Stock in excess of the Primary Market Limitation (as defined below), or the Company has obtained such approval, the Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant and the Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant to the extent that, after giving effect to such exercise, alone or in combination with other holders of Warrants of like tenor or any related securities would result in the issuance of shares of Common Stock the Holder would have received in respect of its share of Common Stock in excess of its pro rata share of the Primary Market Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the Holders pro rata share of the Primary Market Limitation shall be equal to (i) the original principal amount of the Note purchased by the Holder in the Offering (and not subsequently disposed except through conversion into New Preferred Stock (as defined in such Note), divided by (ii) the aggregate original principal amount of all Notes sold in the Offering and the purchaser price of all other securities aggregated with the Notes and these Warrants for the purposes of the applicable rules of the applicable Primary Market. The Primary Market Limitation shall be 19.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately before the first sale of the Notes (or the first sale of any other securities aggregated with the Notes or these Warrants for the purposes of the applicable rules of the applicable Primary Market, if earlier). The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of these Warrants.

(f) No fraction of a Share will be issued upon any exercise of a Warrant. If the holder of a Warrant would be entitled to receive a fraction of a Share upon any exercise of a Warrant, the Company shall, upon such exercise, issue or cause to be issued only the largest whole number of Shares issuable on such exercise (and such fraction of a Share will be disregarded).

3. Exchange and Registry of Warrant.

(a) Warrant Certificates, when surrendered at the office of the Company by the Holder in person or by attorney duly authorized in writing, may be exchanged without payment of any service charge, for another Warrant Certificate or Warrant Certificates of like tenor and evidencing in the aggregate a like number of Warrants.

B-3

(b) Upon due presentment for registration of transfer of the Warrant Certificate at the office of the Company, a new Warrant Certificate or Warrant Certificates of like tenor and evidencing in the aggregate a like number of Warrants shall be issued to the transferee in exchange for this Warrant Certificate, without charge except for any applicable tax or other governmental charge.

(c) The Company shall keep and properly maintain at its principal executive offices a register for the registration of this Warrant and any transfers thereof. The Company may deem and treat the person in whose name this Warrant is registered on such register as the Holder thereof for all purposes, and the Company shall not be affected by any notice to the contrary, except any assignment, division, combination or other transfer of this Warrant effected in accordance with the provisions of this Warrant.

4. Anti-Dilution Adjustments.

(a) Adjustments for Change in Shares.

(i) In the event that, after the Issuance Date and prior to the exercise in full of this Warrant, the outstanding the number of Shares shall be subdivided (by distribution, subdivision or otherwise), into a greater number of Shares, the number of Shares issuable on the exercise of each Warrant then in effect shall, concurrently with the effectiveness of such subdivision, be equally, ratably and proportionally increased, as determined in good faith by the Board, which determination shall be final and binding on the Holders absent manifest error. In the event the outstanding Shares shall be combined or consolidated, by reclassification or otherwise, into a lesser number of Shares, the number of Shares issuable on the exercise of each Warrant then in effect shall, concurrently with the effectiveness of such subdivision, be equally, ratably and proportionally decreased, as determined in good faith by the Board, which determination shall be final and binding on the Holders absent manifest error.

(ii) In the event that, after the Issuance Date and prior to the exercise in full of this Warrant, the Shares are exchanged for, or converted into, another form of equity security of the Company or of any other entity, this Warrant shall be exercisable for an equivalent number of such equity securities, at an equivalent Exercise Price, in each case as determined by the Board acting reasonably, so as to provide the Holder with rights equitably equivalent to the rights held by the Holder by virtue of this Warrant in effect immediately prior to such exchange or conversion, and each reference herein to the Shares issuable on exercise of this Warrant shall be deemed to be a reference to such other equity securities.

(iii) Whenever the number of shares of Common Stock purchasable upon the exercise of the Warrants is adjusted, as provided in this Section, the Exercise Price shall be adjusted (to the nearest cent) by multiplying such Exercise Price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock purchasable upon the exercise of the Warrants immediately prior to such adjustment, and (y) the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock so purchasable immediately thereafter.

(b) Other Dividends and Distributions. If the Company shall make or declare, or fix a record date for the determination of holders of equity securities entitled to receive, a dividend or any other distribution payable in cash, securities of the Company or other property, then, and in each such event, the Company shall ensure that provisions are made so that the Holder shall receive upon exercise of this Warrant, in addition to the number of the Shares receivable thereupon, the kind and amount of cash, securities of the Company or other property which the Holder would have been entitled to receive had this Warrant been exercised in full into the Shares on the date of such event and had the Holder thereafter, during the period from the date of such event to and including the date this Warrant is exercised, retained such cash, securities or other property receivable by them as aforesaid during such period, giving application to all adjustments called for during such period under this Section with respect to the rights of the Holder; provided, that no such provision shall be made if the Holder receives, simultaneously with the distribution to the holders of equity securities, a dividend or other distribution of such securities, cash or other property in an amount equal to the amount of such securities, cash or other property as the Holder would have received if this Warrant had been exercised in full into the Shares on the date of such event.

B-4

(c) Fundamental Transactions. If, at any time while the Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company or any Subsidiary, directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Common Stock or 50% or more of the voting power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or 50% or more of the voting power of the common equity of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of the Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in this Warrant on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which the Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) of the Warrant on the exercise of the Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Warrant Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of the Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under the Warrant in accordance with the provisions of Section 3(e) of the Warrant pursuant to written agreements prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for the Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to the Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of the Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of the Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of the Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall be added to the term Company under the Warrant (so that from and after the occurrence or consummation of such Fundamental Transaction, each and every provision of the Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead to each of the Company and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally), and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally with the Company, may exercise every right and power of the Company prior thereto and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities shall assume all of the obligations of the Company prior thereto under the Warrant and the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if the Company and such Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally, had been named as the Company herein.

B-5

(d) Subsequent Equity Sales. If, at any time while the Warrant is outstanding, the Company or any Subsidiary, as applicable, sells or grants any option to purchase or sells or grants any right to reprice, or otherwise disposes of or issues (or announces any sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition), any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents entitling any Person to acquire shares of Common Stock in any transaction at an effective price per share that is lower than the then Exercise Price then in effect (such lower price, the Base Common Stock Exercise Price and such issuances, collectively, a Dilutive Issuance) (if the holder of the Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents so issued shall at any time, whether by operation of purchase price adjustments, reset provisions, floating conversion, exercise or exchange prices or otherwise, or due to warrants, options or rights per share which are issued in connection with such issuance, be entitled to receive shares of Common Stock at an effective price per share that is lower than the Common Stock Exercise Price, such issuance shall be deemed to have occurred for less than the Common Stock Exercise Price on such date of the Dilutive Issuance), then the Exercise Price shall be reduced to equal the Base Common Stock Exercise Price. Such adjustment shall be made whenever such Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are issued. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no adjustment will be made under this Section 4(d) in respect of an Exempt Issuance. The Company shall notify the Holder in writing, no later than the trading day following the issuance of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents subject to this Section 4(d), indicating therein the applicable issuance price, or applicable reset price, exchange price, conversion price, exercise price and other pricing terms (such notice, the Dilutive Issuance Notice). For purposes of clarification, whether or not the Company provides a Dilutive Issuance Notice pursuant to this Section 4(d), upon the occurrence of any Dilutive Issuance, the Holder is entitled to receive a number of shares of Common Stock based upon the Base Common Stock Exercise Price on or after the date of such Dilutive Issuance, regardless of whether the Holder accurately refers to the Base Common Stock Exercise Price in the Notice of Exercise.

(e) Certain Events. If any event of the type contemplated by the provisions of this Section but not expressly provided for by such provisions (including, without limitation, the granting of stock appreciation rights, phantom stock rights or other rights with equity features) occurs, then the Board shall make an appropriate adjustment in the number of the Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant so as to protect the rights of the Holder in a manner consistent with the provisions of this Section; provided, that no such adjustment pursuant to this Section 4(c) shall increase the Exercise Price or decrease the number of the Shares issuable hereunder.

(f) Notice of Adjustment. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or readjustment of the number of Shares issuable on the exercise of each Warrant, the Company (at its expense) shall promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the terms hereof and furnish to the Holder a notice setting forth (1) such adjustment or readjustment and showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based and (2) the number of Shares issuable on the exercise of each Warrant at the time in effect.

(g) Closing of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records, other than in the ordinary course, in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

(h) Miscellaneous. All calculations hereunder shall be made to the nearest cent or to the nearest twentieth decimal place of a fractional Share, as the case may be.

B-6

5. Adjustment as required for Stock Exchange Compliance. This Warrant shall be automatically adjusted as required to maintain compliance by the Company with the listing rules and other regulations of the stock exchange upon which the Companys securities are listed (the Primary Market). The Primary Market is presently the Nasdaq Stock Market, LLC.

6. Transferability; Compliance with Securities Laws.

(a) This Warrant may not be transferred or assigned in whole or in part without compliance with all applicable United States, state, and foreign securities laws by the transferor and transferee (including the delivery of investment representation letters and legal opinions reasonably satisfactory to the Company, if requested by the Company). Subject to such restrictions, prior to the Expiration Date, this Warrant and all rights hereunder are transferable by the Holder hereof, in whole or in part, at the office or agency of the Company referred to in Section 1(b) above. Any such transfer shall be made in person or by the Holders duly authorized attorney, upon surrender of this Warrant together with the Form of Transfer attached hereto properly endorsed.

(b) The Holder of this Warrant, by acceptance hereof, acknowledges that this Warrant and the Shares issuable upon exercise hereof are being acquired solely for the Holders own account and not as a nominee for any other party, and for investment, and that the Holder will not offer, sell, or otherwise dispose of this Warrant or any Shares to be issued upon exercise hereof except under circumstances that will not result in a violation of the Securities Act or any state or foreign securities laws. Upon exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall, if reasonably requested by the Company and if required by applicable law or regulation, confirm in writing, in a form satisfactory to the Company, that the Shares so purchased are being acquired solely for Holders own account and not as a nominee for any other party, for investment, and not with a view toward distribution or resale.

(c) The Shares have not been registered under the Securities Act, and this Warrant may not be exercised except by (1) the original purchaser of this Warrant from the Company or (2) an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act. Each certificate representing Shares issued on exercise of this Warrant or other securities issued in respect of such Shares upon any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, merger, consolidation or similar event, shall be stamped or otherwise imprinted with a legend substantially in the following form (in addition to any other legend required under applicable securities laws):

THE SHARES OF COMMON STOCK EVIDENCED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF UNLESS THERE IS AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS COVERING ANY SUCH TRANSACTION OR UNLESS THE COMPANY SHALL HAVE RECEIVED AN OPINION OF ITS COUNSEL THAT REGISTRATION OF SUCH SHARES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND UNDER THE PROVISIONS OF APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS IS NOT REQUIRED.

7. Removal of Restrictive Legends. Neither this Warrant nor any certificates evidencing the Shares or any other equity securities issuable or deliverable under or in connection with this Warrant shall contain any legend restricting the transfer thereof in any of the following circumstances: (i) while a registration statement covering the sale or resale of the Shares is effective under the Securities Act; (ii) following any sale of this Warrant, any of the Shares or any other equity securities issued or delivered to the Holder under or in connection herewith pursuant to Rule 144; (iii) if this Warrant, the Shares or any other equity securities are eligible for sale under Rule 144(b)(1); or (iv) if such legend is not required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the Commission) (collectively, the Unrestricted Conditions). If the Unrestricted Conditions are met at the time of the issuance of the Shares, the Company shall cause its counsel, at its expense, to issue a legal opinion to the Transfer Agent, if required by such Transfer Agent to effect the issuance of the Shares or any other shares of equity securities issuable or deliverable under or in connection with this Warrant, as applicable, without a restrictive legend or removal of the legend hereunder. If the Unrestricted Conditions are met at the time of issuance of the Shares, then the Shares shall be issued free of all legends.

B-7

8. [Reserved].

9. Payment of Taxes. The Company will from time to time promptly pay all taxes and charges that may be imposed in respect of the issuance or delivery of shares upon the exercise of Warrants, but the Company shall not be obligated to pay any transfer taxes in respect of the Warrants or such shares.

10. Representations and Warranties. The Company represents and warrants to, and agrees with, the Holder as follows:

(a) Due Organization. The Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the laws of the state of its formation and has all requisite corporate power and authority to carry on its business as now conducted. The Company is duly qualified to transact business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the failure to so qualify would have a material adverse effect on its business or properties.

(b) Authorization; Binding Obligation. This Warrant has been duly executed by the Company and constitutes its legal, valid and binding obligation, enforceable against it in accordance with the terms of this Warrant. Except as may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors rights, all corporate action has been taken on the part of the Company, its officers, directors, and stockholders necessary for the authorization, execution and delivery of this Warrant. The Company has taken all corporate action required to make all the obligations of the Company reflected in the provisions of this Warrant the valid and enforceable obligations they purport to be. The issuance of this Warrant and the Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant will not be subject to preemptive rights of any stockholders of the Company. No consent, waiver, approval, authorization, exemption, registration, license or declaration is required to be made or obtained by the Company, other than those which have been made or obtained, in connection with (i) the execution or enforceability of this Warrant or (ii) the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated hereby, including the issuance of the Shares upon exercise of this Warrant.

(c) Compliance with Other Instruments. The authorization, execution and delivery of the Warrant will not constitute or result in a default or violation of any law or regulation applicable to the Company or any term or provision of the Companys Certificate of Incorporation or bylaws, or any material agreement or instrument by which it is bound or to which its properties or assets are subject.

(d) Valid Issuance. This Warrant, and all the Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant, and all securities, if any, issuable upon conversion of the Shares, shall, upon issuance, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and free of any liens and encumbrances (including preemptive or similar rights) except for restrictions on transfer provided for (i) in this Warrant, (ii) under applicable federal and state securities laws, or (iii) in the Charter. Based in part upon the representations and warranties of the Holder in this Warrant, this Warrant and all the Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant will be issued in compliance with all applicable federal and state securities laws. The Company covenants that it shall at all times cause to be reserved and kept available out of its authorized and unissued capital stock such number of the Shares and other securities for which this Warrant may be exercisable or for which the Shares may be convertible as will be sufficient to permit the exercise in full of this Warrant.

(e) No Violation; Registration. The Company shall take all such actions as may be necessary to ensure that all the Shares are issued without violation by the Company of any applicable law or governmental regulation or any requirements of any trading market or securities exchange upon which shares of the Companys common stock or other securities constituting the Shares may be listed at the time of such exercise (except for official notice of issuance which shall be immediately delivered by the Company upon each such issuance). If the Unrestricted Conditions are satisfied at the time of exercise of this Warrant, the Company shall cause the Shares, immediately upon such exercise, to be listed on any such trading market or securities exchange upon which shares of common stock or other securities constituting the Shares are listed at the time of such exercise.

B-8

11. No Rights as a Stockholder; No Liability. Except as specifically set forth herein, this Warrant, by itself, does not entitle the registered holder thereof to any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company, including, without limitation, the right to receive dividends, or other distributions, exercise any preemptive rights to vote or to consent or to receive notice as stockholders in respect of the meetings of stockholders or the election of directors of the Company or any other matter. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase the Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase price of any Shares or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company.

12. No Impairment.

(a) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, nothing contained in this Warrant shall affect, limit or impair the rights and remedies of the Holder or its affiliates (x) in their capacity as a lender, creditor, or similar, as applicable, to the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, or (y) pursuant to any other agreements or instruments entered into by the Holder (or its affiliates) and the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, neither the Administrative Agent (as defined in the Loan Agreement) nor any of its affiliates, in exercising their rights as lenders will have any duty to consider (i) its (or its affiliates) status as a direct or indirect shareholder of the Company and its subsidiaries, (ii) its (or its affiliates) direct or indirect ownership of the Shares of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or (iii) any duty it (or its affiliates) may have to any other direct or indirect shareholders of the Company and its subsidiaries, except as may be required under the applicable loan documents.

(b) The Company shall not, by amendment of its Charter or bylaws, through any shareholders, voting or similar agreement, or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities, or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms to be observed or performed by it hereunder, but shall at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all the provisions of this Warrant and in the taking of all such action as may reasonably be requested by the Holder in order to protect the exercise rights of the Holder against dilution or other impairment, consistent with the tenor and purpose of this Warrant. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company (x) will not increase the par value of any the Shares above the then-applicable Exercise Price, (y) will take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant, and (z) will use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

13. Effect of Headings. The section headings herein are for convenience only and are not part of this Warrant and shall not affect the interpretation thereof.

14. Modification and Waiver. Subject to Section 5, this Warrant and any provision hereof may be changed, waived, discharged or terminated only by an instrument in writing signed by the Company, one the one hand, and the holders of a majority of the then outstanding Warrants of like tenor, on the other hand.

15. Notices. Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder or the Company shall be delivered through email, or shall be sent by certified or registered mail, postage prepaid, to the Holder at its address as shown on the books of the Company or to the Company at the address indicated therefor in the first paragraph of this Warrant.

B-9

16. Governing Law. This Warrant shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and the rights of the parties shall be governed by, the laws of the State of Delaware.

17. Nonwaiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of the Holder shall operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies provided herein. If the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

18. Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of the Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of the Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable by the Holder or holder of the Shares.

B-10

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its duly authorized officer.

Dated:

LUXURBAN HOTELS INC.

By: 

Name: Brandon Elster

Title: Chief Development Officer

[Signature Page to Penny Warrant]

B-11

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

To Be Executed by the Registered Holder in Order to Exercise Warrants

The undersigned Registered Holder irrevocably elects to exercise ____________ Warrants represented by this Warrant Certificate, and to purchase the Shares issuable upon the exercise of such Warrants, and requests that Certificates for such shares shall be issued in the name of

(PLEASE TYPE OR PRINT NAME AND ADDRESS)

(SOCIAL SECURITY OR TAX IDENTIFICATION NUMBER)

and be delivered to 

(PLEASE PRINT OR TYPE NAME AND ADDRESS)

and, if such number of Warrants shall not be all the Warrants evidenced by this Warrant Certificate, that a new Warrant Certificate for the balance of such Warrants be registered in the name of, and delivered to, the Registered Holder at the address stated below:

Dated: __________________

(SIGNATURE)

(ADDRESS)

(TAX IDENTIFICATION NUMBER)

(EMAIL ADDRESS

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

To Be Executed by the Registered Holder in Order to Exercise Warrants

The undersigned Registered Holder irrevocably elects to exercise ______________ Warrants represented by this Warrant Certificate, and to purchase the Shares issuable upon the exercise of such Warrants

The undersigned requests that Certificates for such shares shall be issued in the name of

and be delivered to 

(PLEASE PRINT OR TYPE NAME AND ADDRESS)

and, if such number of Warrants shall not be all the Warrants evidenced by this Warrant Certificate, that a new Warrant Certificate for the balance of such Warrants be registered in the name of, and delivered to, the Registered Holder at the address stated below.

Dated: __________________

[ ]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

(ADDRESS AND EMAIL)

(TAX IDENTIFICATION NUMBER)

FORM OF TRANSFER

To Be Executed by the Registered Holder in Order to Transfer Warrants

For Value Received, ___________________ hereby sell, assign, and transfer unto

(PLEASE TYPE OR PRINT NAME AND ADDRESS)

(SOCIAL SECURITY OR TAX IDENTIFICATION NUMBER)

and be delivered to 

(PLEASE PRINT OR TYPE NAME AND ADDRESS)

_______________________________ of the Warrants represented by this Warrant Certificate, and hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint _______________________________ Attorney to transfer this Warrant Certificate on the books of the Company, with full power of substitution in the premises.

Dated: __________________

THE SIGNATURE TO THE ASSIGNMENT OF THE SUBSCRIPTION FORM MUST CORRESPOND TO THE NAME WRITTEN UPON THE FACE OF THIS WARRANT CERTIFICATE IN EVERY PARTICULAR, WITHOUT ALTERATION OR ENLARGEMENT OR ANY CHANGE WHATSOEVER, AND MUST BE GUARANTEED BY A COMMERCIAL BANK OR TRUST COMPANY OR A MEMBER FIRM OF THE NASDAQ, NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE, PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE, OR CHICAGO STOCK EXCHANGE.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>luxurban_ex10-4.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.4
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.4

SECOND MODIFICATION

SECOND MODIFICATION, dated as of January 16, 2025, by and among LuxUrban Hotels Inc. (the Company) and each of the undersigned holders of August 2024 Notes, representing in the aggregate a majority of the principal amount of the outstanding August 2024 Notes. Capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 13, 2024 (August 2024 SPA) and the August 2024 Notes (as defined below), as modified by that certain Modification, dated as of October 18, 2024, by and among the Company and a majority of the principal amount of the outstanding August 2024 Notes.

WHEREAS, the Company sold convertible notes (the August 2024 Notes) and common stock purchase warrants in August 2024 under the terms of the August 2024 SPA;

WHEREAS, the investors under the August 2024 SPA have been and remain desirous of assisting the Company in its efforts improve its capital position as the Company implements its LuxUrban 2.0 strategies;

WHEREAS, in connection therewith, the Company proposes to raise additional funds through the issuance and sale of up to $10,000,000 aggregate principal amount (before giving effect to any original issue discount) of Senior Secured OID Notes (the January 2025 Notes) and common stock purchase warrants under the terms of a Securities Purchase Agreement dated on or about the date hereof (the January 2025 SPA) between the Company and each purchaser identified therein (including any successor holder(s) of January 2025 Notes, the January 2025 Noteholders), and the undersigned holders of August 2024 Notes wish to enable the Company to do so;

WHEREAS, the August 2024 Notes are secured under that certain Amended and Restated Guaranty and Security Agreement made as of November 6, 2024(the Security Agreement), which amended and restated the Guaranty and Security Agreement, dated as of August 13, 2024, by and among the Company, the subsidiaries of the Company named on the signature pages thereto (the Guarantors and individually a Guarantor), and Greenle Partners LLC Series Alpha P.S., as the collateral agent (the Collateral Agent) on behalf of the purchasers of the August 2024 Notes;

WHEREAS, as a condition to the issuance and sale of the January 2025 Notes under the January 2025 SPA, the January 2025 Noteholders require that the August 2024 Notes be modified or amended in order to consent to and permit thereunder: (i) the issuance of January 2025 Notes under the January 2025 SPA as senior secured obligations of the Company, pari passu in all respects with respect to ranking and security to the August 2024 Notes, (ii) the sharing by the holders of August 2024 Notes in the collateral and security provided under the Security Agreement on a pari passu basis, and (iii) the transactions completed by the Transaction Documents (as defined in the January 2025 SPA) generally as provide herein;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is hereby agreed as follows:

1. Consent. Each undersigned holder of August 2024 Notes and Collateral Agent hereby acknowledge and agree that, notwithstanding anything set forth in the August 2024 SPA, August 2024 Notes, Security Agreement or any other Transaction Document (as defined in the August 2024 SPA) to the contrary:

a. the January 2025 Notes are and shall be senior secured obligations of the Company, pari passu in all respects with respect to ranking and security (under the Security Agreement or otherwise) with the August 2024 Notes;

b. the January 2025 Notes shall share in the Pledged Collateral (as defined in the Security Agreement) provided under the Security Agreement on a pari passu basis with the August 2024 Notes; and

c. the transactions completed by the Transaction Documents (as defined in the January 2025 SPA) are consented to and approved in all respects.

2. Security Agreement. In furtherance (and not limitation) of the foregoing, effective upon the issuance of any January 2025 Notes and until there shall no longer be any January 2025 Notes outstanding, the Security Agreement (including, without limitation, the Pledge of the Pledged Collateral under Section 2 thereof and the Guarantors guarantees under Section 21 thereof) shall be for the benefit of (in addition to holders of August 2024 Notes) the January 2025 Noteholders and shall be so interpreted and enforced, mutatis mutandis. Accordingly (and without limitation): Purchasers (as defined in the Security Agreement) shall be read and interpreted as references to holders of August 2024 Notes and holders of January 2025 Notes; capitalized terms not defined in the Security Agreement shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the August 2024 SPA and/or January 2025 SPA, as applicable; Obligations (as defined in the Security Agreement) shall be read and interpreted to include the Companys obligations under the January 2025 Notes; and Event of Default (as defined in the Security Agreement) shall be read and interpreted to include any Event of Default as defined in the January 2025 Notes.

3. This Second Modification may be signed in counterparts.

[Signatures Next Page]

2

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties below have signed this Second Modification as of the date first written above:

Company: Collateral
Agent:

LUXURBAN HOTELS
INC. GREENLE PARTNERS
LLC SERIES ALPHA P.S.

By: /s/
Brandon Elster By: /s/
Alan Uryniak

Name: Brandon Elster Name: Alan Uryniak

Title: Chief Development Officer Title: Managing Member

Guarantors: 

LUXURBAN LLC 

By: /s/
Brandon Elster 

Name: Brandon Elster 

Title: President 

S-BE RENTALS,
LLC 

By: /s/
Brandon Elster 

Name: Brandon Elster 

Title: President 

HOLDER OF AUGUST
2024 NOTES: 

Signature Name: 

Title: 

Entity on behalf of which above signatory has signed: ________________________________

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>luxh-20250121.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>luxh-20250121_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>luxh-20250121_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Stock, $0.00001 par value per share 

13.00% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, $0.00001 par value per share 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>luxh-20250121_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 21, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 21, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41473

Entity Registrant Name LuxUrban Hotels Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001893311

Entity Tax Identification Number 82-3334945

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 212 Biscayne Blvd

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 253

Entity Address, City or Town Miami

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 33137

City Area Code (833)

Local Phone Number 723-7368

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Common Stock, $0.00001 par value per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $0.00001 par value per share

Trading Symbol LUXH

13.00% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, $0.00001 par value per share 

Title of 12(b) Security 13.00% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, $0.00001 par value per share

Trading Symbol LUXHP

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=luxh_CommonStock0.00001ParValuePerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=luxh_SeriesACumulativeRedeemablePreferredMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
3 
23 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://luxh/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

luxh-20250121.xsd 
luxh-20250121_def.xml 
luxh-20250121_lab.xml 
luxh-20250121_pre.xml 
luxurban_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001829126-25-000315-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>luxurban_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001893311 

2025-01-21 
2025-01-21 

0001893311 

luxh:CommonStock0.00001ParValuePerShareMember 

2025-01-21 
2025-01-21 

0001893311 

luxh:SeriesACumulativeRedeemablePreferredMember 

2025-01-21 
2025-01-21 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001893311 
8-K 
2025-01-21 
LuxUrban Hotels Inc. 
DE 
001-41473 
82-3334945 
212 Biscayne Blvd 
Suite 253 
Miami 
FL 
33137 
(833) 
723-7368 
false 
false 
false 
false 
true 
false 
Common Stock, $0.00001 par value per share 
LUXH 
13.00% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, $0.00001 par value per share 
LUXHP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>