<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-009619.txt : 20250310
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-009619.hdr.sgml : 20250310
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250310061349
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-009619
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250306
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250310
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250310

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Beneficient
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001775734
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FINANCE SERVICES [6199]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				721573705
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41715
		FILM NUMBER:		25722039

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		325 N. SAINT PAUL STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 4850
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75201
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2144454705

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		325 N. SAINT PAUL STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 4850
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75201

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Beneficient Co Group, L.P.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190503
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000177573400017757342025-03-062025-03-060001775734BENF:SharesOfClassCommonStockParValue0.001PerShareMember2025-03-062025-03-060001775734BENF:WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneShareOfClassCommonStockParValue0.001PerShareAndOneShareOfSeriesConvertiblePreferredStockParValue0.001PerShareMember2025-03-062025-03-06iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON,
DC 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d)

of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of report (Date of earliest event reported): March 6, 2025

Beneficient

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)

Nevada 001-41715 72-1573705

(State
or Other Jurisdiction 

of Incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (I.R.S.
Employer 

Identification No.)

325 North St. Paul Street, Suite 4850

Dallas, Texas75201

(Address of Principal Executive Offices, and Zip Code)

(214)445-4700

Registrants
Telephone Number, Including Area Code

N/A

(Former
Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written
communication pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) 

Name
of each exchange

on
which registered

Shares
of Class A common stock, par value $0.001 per share BENF Nasdaq
Stock Market LLC

Warrants,
each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A common stock, par value $0.001 per share, and one share of Series A convertible
preferred stock, par value $0.001 per share BENFW Nasdaq
Stock Market LLC

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01
Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

As previously
disclosed, on December 22, 2024, Beneficient (the Company) entered into a Master Agreement, by and among the Company, Beneficient
Company Holdings, L.P., (BCH), Beneficient Company Group, L.L.C., the sole general partner of BCH (BCH GP),
Beneficient Management Partners, L.P. (BMP), and Beneficient Holdings, Inc., (BHI and collectively with the
Company, BCH, BCH GP and BMP, the Parties and such agreement, the Master Agreement). Pursuant to the Master
Agreement, the holders of the preferred equity (the Preferred Equity) of BCH, agreed, among other things, to amend the
governing documents of BCH to allow the Companys public company stockholders to share in the liquidation priority currently reserved
only for the Preferred Equity creating tangible book value attributable to the Companys public company stockholders following
the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Master Agreement (the Transactions).

The
Master Agreement contemplates that in the Transactions, BCH would issue newly established Subclass 4 FLP Unit Accounts of BCH (FLP-4
Unit Accounts) to one or more customers of the Company or its affiliates pursuant to the terms of a subscription agreement, by
and among the applicable customer and the Parties. On March 6, 2025, the Parties, Hatteras Master Fund, L.P. and certain of its affiliates
executed a subscription agreement (the Hatteras Subscription Agreement).

The
foregoing description of the Hatteras Subscription Agreement is a summary only, does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and
qualified in its entirety by reference to, the full text of the Hatteras Subscription Agreement, a form of which is filed as Exhibit
10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated by reference herein. Closing of the Transactions contemplated by the Master
Agreement is subject to, among other things, (i) execution and delivery of each of the transaction documents specified in the Master
Agreement (collectively, the Transaction Documents), (ii) approval from the Companys stockholders of an amendment
to the Companys articles of incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of Class B common stock, par value $0.001
per share, of the Company (the Class B Common Stock) and approval, for purposes of Listing Rule 5635 of The Nasdaq Stock
Market, LLC (Nasdaq) of the issuance of Class B Common Stock pursuant to the Transaction Documents, (iii) approval of the
partners of BCH as necessary with respect to the Transactions and the Transaction Documents and (iv) the Companys submission of
a Listing of Additional Shares Notification Form with Nasdaq with respect to the additional shares of Class A Common Stock, par value
$0.001 per share, issuable with respect to the FLP-4 Unit Accounts and Class B Common Stock issuable pursuant to the Transaction Documents,
and Nasdaq shall not have objected to such issuances.

Item
7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.

On
March 10, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing that it had entered into a binding
agreement to settle all claims in the previously disclosed lawsuits relating to GWG Holdings, Inc. (GWG) in federal court
in the Northern District of Texas and the Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas (GWG Litigation) against
the Company, its subsidiaries, and each of their current and former directors and officers, including its founder and CEO, Brad Heppner
(collectively, the Beneficient Parties). A copy of such press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated
by reference herein.

The
information in this Item 7.01 of Form 8-K, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to liabilities under that section
and is not incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), or the Exchange
Act, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing.

Item
8.01 Other Events.

As
discussed above, on March 6, 2025, the Company entered into a settlement agreement with respect to the GWG Litigation. The proposed
settlement, which is subject to court approval and other conditions, would resolve all claims asserted against the Beneficient Parties
without any admission, concession or finding of any fault, liability or wrongdoing by the Company or any defendant. Under the terms of
the proposed settlement, the plaintiffs will receive an agreed upon amount of cash, which will be paid entirely from funds available
under applicable insurance policies.

Following
the settlement of the GWG Litigation, other GWG-related claims against parties other than the Company, its subsidiaries, and each of
their current and former directors and officers, including its founder and CEO, remain outstanding, including certain claims against
entities related to the Companys founder and CEO to whom the Company owes certain indemnification obligations. The Company intends
to support a vigorous defense against such claims.

Item
9.01 Exhibits and Financial Statements.

(d)
Exhibits.

Exhibit
No. 

Description
of Exhibit

10.1 Form of Subscription Agreement, by and among Beneficent, Beneficient Company Holdings, L.P., Beneficient Company Group, L.L.C., Beneficient Management Partners, L.P., Hatteras Master Fund, L.P. and certain other parties thereto.

99.1 Press Release of Beneficient.

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

Except
for the historical information contained herein, the matters set forth in this Current Report on Form 8-K are forward-looking statements
within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These and other
forward-looking statements are based on managements current views and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties that could
significantly affect expected results. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in
the forward-looking statements include, among others, the risks, uncertainties, and factors set forth under Risk Factors
in the Companys most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and its subsequently filed Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Forward-looking
statements speak only as of the date they are made. The Company assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect
actual results, subsequent events, or circumstances or other changes affecting such statements except to the extent required by applicable
law. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made. Readers are cautioned not to put undue reliance on forward-looking
statements, and, except as required by law, the Company assumes no obligation and does not intend to update or revise these forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.

Important
Information and Where You Can Find It

This Current Report
on Form 8-K may be deemed to be solicitation material in respect of a vote of stockholders to approve an amendment to the Companys
articles of incorporation to increase the authorized shares of Class B Common Stock and the issuance of securities pursuant to the Transactions.
In connection with the requisite stockholder approval, the Company will file with the SEC a preliminary proxy statement and a definitive
proxy statement, which will be sent to the stockholders of the Company, seeking such approvals related to the Transactions.

INVESTORS AND SECURITY
HOLDERS OF THE COMPANY AND THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES ARE URGED TO READ, WHEN AVAILABLE, THE PROXY STATEMENT AND ANY OTHER RELEVANT
DOCUMENTS FILED OR TO BE FILED WITH THE SEC IN CONNECTION WITH THE TRANSACTIONS DESCRIBED HEREIN, AS WELL AS ANY AMENDMENTS OR SUPPLEMENTS
TO THOSE DOCUMENTS, BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE COMPANY AND THE TRANSACTIONS. Investors and security holders
will be able to obtain a free copy of the proxy statement, as well as other relevant documents filed with the SEC containing information
about the Company, without charge, at the SECs website (http://www.sec.gov). Copies of documents filed with the SEC by the Company
can also be obtained, without charge, by directing a request to Investor Relations, Beneficient at 325 North St. Paul Street, Suite 4850,
Dallas, Texas 75201 or email investors@beneficient.com.

Participants
in the Solicitation of Proxies in Connection with Transactions

The Company and certain
of its directors, executive officers and employees may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies in respect of the
requisite stockholder approvals under the rules of the SEC. Information regarding the Companys directors and executive officers
is available in its Annual Report on Form 10-K, which was filed with the SEC on July 9, 2024, and certain current reports on Form 8-K
filed by the Company. Other information regarding the participants in the solicitation of proxies with respect to the transactions described
herein and a description of their direct and indirect interests, by security holdings or otherwise, will be contained in the proxy statement
and other relevant materials to be filed with the SEC. Free copies of these documents, when available, may be obtained as described in
the preceding paragraph.

Not
an Offer of Securities

The information in this
Current Report on Form 8-K is for informational purposes only and shall not constitute, or form a part of, an offer to sell or the solicitation
of an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities. The securities that are the subject of the transactions described
herein have not been registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an
applicable exemption from registration requirements.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

BENEFICIENT

By: /s/
Gregory W. Ezell

Name: Gregory
W. Ezell

Title: Chief
Financial Officer

Dated: March
10, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT

This Subscription Agreement (this
Agreement) is effective as of [____________], 2025 (the Effective Date) entered
into by and among Beneficient Company Holdings, Inc., a Delaware limited partnership (the Partnership), Hatteras
Master Fund, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Master Fund), Beneficient Company Group, L.L.C., a Delaware
limited liability company and the sole general partner of the Partnership (the General Partner), Hatteras
Evergreen Private Equity Fund, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Evergreen), Hatteras Global Private
Equity Partners Institutional, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (GPEP Institutional), Hatteras GPEP
Fund, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (GPEP), Hatteras GPEP Fund II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company (GPEP II) (each of Master Fund, Evergreen, GPEP Institutional, GPEP, and GPEP II, a Participant,
with each Participant advised by Hatteras Funds, LP, a Delaware limited partnership d/b/a Hatteras Investment Partners, the (Participant
Advisor) and collectively, Hatteras). Each of the parties hereto may be referred to as a Party
and collectively as the Parties. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings
ascribed to such terms on Exhibit A attached hereto.

RECITALS

WHEREAS, the Partnership
is governed by that certain Ninth Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of the Partnership, dated as of April 18, 2024 and
amended September 30, 2024 (the Ninth A&R LPA) and it is contemplated that the Partnership will adopt
the Tenth Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement (the Tenth A&R LPA) on or before the Closing
(defined below) (the Ninth A&R LPA, as amended by the Tenth A&R LPA, as may be further amended from time to time, being referred
to as the Partnership LPA); and

WHEREAS, in consideration
for performing its respective obligations hereunder and providing services to be provided by the Participant to or for the benefit of
the Partnership, the Partnership desires to issue the applicable Participant Percentage (defined below) of FLP 4 Accounts (defined below)
to each of the Participants, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the premises set forth above and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged,
the Parties agree as follows:

AGREEMENT

1. Issuance
of FLP 4 Accounts; Rights, Privileges, Limitations, and Obligations.

(a) Issuance
of FLP 4 Accounts. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and in consideration of each Participant performing its
respective obligations hereunder and providing services to or for the benefit of the Partnership, the Partnership agrees to issue the
applicable percentage interest (the Participant
Percentage) of Subclass 4 FLP Unit Accounts
of the Partnership to be established in the Tenth A&R LPA (FLP 4 Accounts)
as set forth on Schedule A attached hereto to each Participant at the Closing. The closing (the Closing)
of the transactions contemplated hereunder shall take place on the date (the Closing Date)
each closing condition set forth in Section 8 of this Agreement is satisfied or waived.

(b) Rights,
Privileges, Limitations, and Obligations. The rights, privileges, limitations and obligations related to the FLP 4 Accounts will
be as set forth in the Partnership LPA, and the FLP 4 Accounts are subject in full to all terms and conditions set forth therein. In
the event of any inconsistency, conflict, or ambiguity between this Agreement and the Partnership LPA, the Partnership LPA shall control.
Upon Closing, each Participant shall be fully bound by, and subject to, all of the terms and conditions of the Partnership LPA as though
an original party thereto and shall be deemed, and will be then admitted as a Limited Partner (as defined in the Partnership LPA) for
all purposes thereof and entitled to all the rights incidental thereto as holder of FLP 4 Accounts. [Schedule I] of the Partnership LPA
shall be deemed updated to reflect the issuance of the FLP 4 Accounts hereunder.

2. Capital Account. Participants
shall make no contribution of capital to the Partnership in connection with the issuance of FLP 4 Accounts and, as a result, Participants
Capital Account (as defined in the Partnership LPA) balance in the Partnership immediately after its receipt of the FLP 4 Accounts shall
be equal to zero, unless the Participant was a Limited Partner in the Partnership prior to such issuance, in which case the Participants
Capital Account balance shall not be increased as a result of its receipt of the FLP 4 Accounts.

3. Tax Matters.

(a) Profits Interest. The
Partnership and Participants intend that (1) the FLP 4 Accounts be treated as profits interests within the meaning of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (Code), Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder, and any published
guidance by the Internal Revenue Service with respect thereto, including, without limitation, Internal Revenue Service Revenue Procedure
93-27, as clarified by Internal Revenue Service Revenue Procedure 2001-43, (2) the issuance of such interests not be a taxable event to
the Partnership or Participants as provided in such Revenue Procedure, and (iii) the Partnership LPA and this Agreement be interpreted
consistently with such intent.

(b) Tax Advisors. Each Participant
and the Participant Advisor hereby acknowledges that neither the Partnership nor any Person acting on behalf of the Partnership has provided,
and is not hereby providing, Participant with tax advice regarding the FLP 4 Accounts, the Partnership or the execution of this Agreement,
and the Partnership has advised each Participant to consult Participants own tax advisor with respect to the tax consequences of
each of the foregoing, including but not limited to any applicable elections, withholdings or other matters relating to (1) the receipt,
forfeiture, ownership or transfer of the FLP 4 Accounts; (2) becoming and being a Limited Partner of the Partnership; and (3) executing
this Agreement.

4. Expense Support; Lock-up.

(a) Expense Support. Subject
to the consummation of the Closing and the terms and conditions of this Agreement, on or after the last day of each calendar month for
the twelve (12) months immediately following the Closing Date (such period, the Expense Support Period), each
Participant shall have the right to deliver an itemized summary of Covered Expenses to the Partnership (each a Covered Expenses
Notice) that have been accrued with respect to such month (or, for the initial and final months during the Expense Support
Period, the number of days during such months following the Closing Date and prior to the expiration of the Expense Support Period, respectively)
in good faith and not previously paid by or on behalf of such Participant as of such date (such amount, the Covered Expense
Amount); provided that the aggregate Covered Expense Amount payable to all Participants for each full calendar month with
respect to each Covered Expenses Notice shall, subject to the Covered Expense Cap, be at least $350,000, or the applicable portion thereof
with respect to any partial calendar month (the Minimum Expense Payment). Within (15) fifteen business days
of the receipt of a Covered Expenses Notice (each a Covered Expense Due Date) providing satisfactory evidence
to the Partnership that the expenses set forth therein are Covered Expenses, the Partnership shall, subject to the Covered Expense Cap,
deliver payment to the applicable Participant in an amount equal to the greater of such Participants Covered Expense Amount and
such Participants Expense Percentage of the Minimum Expense Payment, in exchange for the Lock-up (defined below) by cash, check
or wire of immediately available funds to an account designated by the Participant. Concurrently with the delivery of the Covered Expense
Amount (or Minimum Expense Payment, if applicable), to the extent there are sufficient Class S Ordinary Units available, the Participant
shall assign to the Partnership, and the Partnership shall acquire from the such Participant an amount of Class S Ordinary Units having
a value equal to (40%) forty percent of such Participants Covered Expense Amount (or Minimum Expense Payment, if applicable) with
each such Class S Ordinary Unit valued at a price per unit equal to the 5-day volume weighted average price per share of Common Stock
of the Issuer as of the date immediately preceding any such assignment (the Repurchase Amount). For purposes
of clarity, no additional consideration shall be payable by the Partnership for any such assigned Class S Ordinary Units. If the applicable
Participant holds an insufficient number of Class S Ordinary Units to transfer Class S Ordinary Units having a value equal to the such
Participants entire Repurchase Amount or the Partnership cannot accept such Class S Ordinary Units for any reason, then the Participant
shall assign, and the Partnership shall acquire only those Class S Ordinary Units available (the difference between the number of Class
S Ordinary Units necessary to satisfy the Repurchase Amount and the Class S Ordinary Units actually acquired because of such insufficiency,
the Class S Shortfall); provided that the number of Class S Ordinary Units that would otherwise subsequently
be issued to such Participant as holder of FLP 4 Accounts shall be reduced by the Class S Shortfall. In the event the Covered Expense
Amount (or Minimum Expense Payment, if applicable) is not received by the applicable Participant on or before the Covered Expense Due
Date, then all Restricted Shares (defined below) would be released from the Lock-up until the earlier of (x) the Partnerships delivery
of the Covered Expense Amount (or Minimum Expense Payment, if applicable) plus Covered Expense Interest to the applicable Participant
and (y) Participant has sold Restricted Shares with net proceeds equal to the Covered Expense Amount (or Minimum Expense Payment, if applicable)
plus Covered Expense Interest.

2

(b) Lock-up. During the Expense
Support Period, each Participant agrees not to offer, sell, contract to sell, pledge, or otherwise dispose of, directly or indirectly,
any shares of Common Stock issued in exchange for Class S Ordinary Units issued to Participants with respect to the FLP 4 Accounts (Restricted
Shares), or enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economics
associated with ownership of Restricted Shares. The foregoing restriction is expressly agreed to preclude the Participants from engaging
in any hedging or other transaction which is designed to or which reasonably could be expected to result in a sale or disposition of Participants
Restricted Shares (the Lock-up). For purposes of clarity, the Lock-Up shall not apply to any Common Stock
held by a Participant prior to the Effective Date or acquired by a Participant by other means than in exchange for Class S Ordinary Units.

(c) Additional Limitations.
Without the Issuers prior written consent, each Participant agrees not to sell or otherwise transfer or dispose of any of any shares
of Common Stock issued in exchange for Class S Ordinary Units issued to Participants with respect to the FLP 4 Accounts:

(i) at a price per
share of less than $2.00; or

(ii) in an amount
constituting more than ten percent (10%) of the of the trading volume of the Common Stock on the date of any such trade, as reported by
the principal securities exchange or trading market on which the Common Stock is then listed or traded.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, for
the avoidance of doubt, these restrictions shall not apply to the Partnerships repurchase of Class S Ordinary Units under Section
4(a).

5. Standstill; Contingent Releases.

(a) Standstill Agreement.
From the Effective Date through the Expense Support Period (the Initial Standstill Period), none of the Participants,
the Participant Advisor or their affiliates, directors or officers may initiate, join, support, fund, or voluntarily participate in any
legal action, arbitration or any other proceeding of any kind against the Partnership, General Partner, BHI, BMP, the Issuer, their respective
affiliates or each of the present or former directors, officers, members or managers of the foregoing (the Standstill Agreement).

(i) If at any time
during the Initial Standstill Period, the FLP 4 Realizations amount exceeds $50 million, then the Initial Standstill Period will be extended
by one year from the end of the Initial Standstill Period (the First Extended Standstill Period).

3

(ii) If at any time
during the First Extended Standstill Period, the FLP 4 Realizations amount is at least $100 million, then the First Extended Standstill
Period will be extended by one year from the end of the First Extended Standstill Period (a Second Extended Standstill Period).

(iii) If at any time
during the Second Extended Standstill Period, the FLP 4 Realizations amount is at least $150 million, then the Second Extended Standstill
Period will be extended by one year from the end of the Second Extended Standstill Period (a Third Extended Standstill Period
and the aggregate standstill period provided for under this Section 5(a), the Standstill Period).

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if
during any of the periods provided for under Section 5(a)(i), (ii), or (iii), there has been significant progress towards reaching the
applicable FLP 4 Realizations amount threshold for such period and the Parties agree it is reasonably likely to be met within six (6)
months following the end of such period, such period shall be automatically extended for six (6) months.

During the Standstill Period, any
and all applicable statutes of limitations, statutes of repose, or other time-based defenses that may apply to any claims or potential
claims of any kind by the Participants, the Participant Advisor or their affiliates, directors or officers against the Partnership, General
Partner, BHI, BMP, the Issuer, their respective affiliates, and each of the present or former directors, officers, members, and managers
of the foregoing shall be tolled and suspended. Likewise, any and all claims or potential claims or counterclaims of any kind by the Partnership,
General Partner, BHI, BMP, the Issuer, their respective affiliates, and each of the present or former directors, officers, members, and
managers of the foregoing against the Participants, the Participant Advisor or their affiliates, directors or officers shall be tolled
and suspended. However, this Agreement shall not revive any tolled claim that is time-barred by any statutory or contractual provision
or equitable doctrine as of the date of this Agreement, nor restart the running of any statute of limitations, statute of repose, laches
period, or any similar period of time (whether statutory, equitable, contractual, or otherwise) that has already elapsed, in whole or
in part, as of the date of this agreement. The Parties agree that nothing in this Agreement shall constitute an admission of liability
by any Party or a waiver of any defenses or claims, except as specifically provided herein regarding the tolling of time-based defenses.

(b) Contingent Releases.
Upon the occurrence of a Designated Event as described in clause (1) of the definition (the date of such occurrence, the Release
Date 1), each Participant and the Participant Advisor, on their own behalf and on behalf of their respective directors,
officers, managers and members, automatically and irrevocably releases and forever discharges the Partnership, General Partner, BHI, BMP,
Issuer, their respective affiliates and each of the present or former, directors, officers, members, managers, employees, agents, successors,
and assigns of the foregoing (the Released Parties) from any and all claims, demands, damages, debts, liabilities,
accounts, reckonings, obligations, costs, expenses, liens, actions, and causes of action of every kind and nature whatsoever, whether
known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, both at law and in equity (collectively, the Claims), which each
Participant and the Participant Advisor now has, has ever had, or may hereafter have against the Released Parties arising from or related
to any and all matters from the beginning of time to Release Date 1. This release shall take effect automatically on Release Date 1 without
any further action required by any Party or other person. The Parties acknowledge and agree that this release is self-executing and that
no additional documentation or action is necessary to effectuate this release.

4

(c) Limited Releases. Upon
the occurrence of Designated Event as described in clause (2) of the definition (the date of such occurrence, the Release
Date 2), and solely in the event that a Designated Event as described in clause (1) of the definition has not previously
occurred, each Participant and the Participant Advisor, on their own behalf and on behalf of their respective directors, officers, members,
and managers, automatically and irrevocably releases and forever discharges the Released Parties from any and all Claims which each Participant
and the Participant Advisor now has, has ever had, or may hereafter have against the Released Parties arising from or related to any and
all matters from the beginning of time to Release Date 2 other than Claims for compensatory damages (which shall not include any Claims
for punitive damages, pre-judgment interest, and attorneys fees) arising from the previous transactions between the Participants,
the Participant Advisor and the Partnership and its affiliates. This release shall take effect automatically on Release Date 2 without
any further action required by any Party or other person. The Parties acknowledge and agree that this release is self-executing and that
no additional documentation or action is necessary to effectuate this release.

(d) Enforcement Right. Notwithstanding
the Standstill Agreement set forth above, during the Standstill Period, any Party may bring a claim solely for the purpose of enforcing
the terms of this Agreement. Any such enforcement action shall be limited to seeking specific performance, injunctive relief, or declaratory
judgment to compel compliance with the terms of this Agreement. No Party shall be precluded from defending against any such enforcement
actions. The initiation of an enforcement action under this Section 5(d) shall not affect the tolling of other claims as described above,
nor shall it constitute a waiver of any other rights or defenses under this Agreement.

6. Representations and Warranties
of Participants. Each Participant and the Participant Advisor, severally and not jointly, hereby represents and warrants with respect
to such Participant and the Participant Advisor hereby represents and warrants to BCH and its affiliates, BHI, and BMP, as of the Effective
Date, that:

(a) Power and Authority.
Such Participant and the Participant Advisor has the right, power and authority to execute, deliver and comply with the terms and provisions
of each of the documents and instruments required to be executed in connection with entering into this Agreement and to perform its obligations
attendant thereto. The execution, delivery and performance by such Participant and the Participant Advisor of this Agreement have been
duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of such Participant and Participant Advisor. This Agreement has been duly and validly
executed and delivered by such Participant and the Participant Advisor and constitutes a valid and binding obligation of such Participant
and Participant Advisor, enforceable against such Participant and Participant Advisor in accordance with its terms. The execution, delivery
and performance of this Agreement does not conflict with, or constitute a default under, any instruments governing such Participant or
Participant Advisor, or violate any applicable law, regulation or order, or any agreement to which such Participant or Participant Advisor
is a party or may be bound.

(b) No Registration; Transfers.
Such Participant understands that the FLP 4 Accounts and their offer, sale and distribution will not be registered or qualified under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), or the securities laws of any other applicable
jurisdiction. Such Participant is an accredited investor, as such term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated
under the Securities Act that also meets the applicable requirements of a qualified purchaser under Section 2(a)(51) of
the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the 1940 Act). Such Participant has not been organized or reorganized
(as such terms are interpreted under the 1940 Act) for the specific purpose of acquiring FLP 4 Accounts or for otherwise investing in
the Partnership. Such Participant recognizes that there is no established trading market for FLP 4 Accounts and there is no guaranty that
any public market for FLP 4 Accounts will develop. Such Participant understands and agrees that the FLP 4 Accounts must be held until
they are subsequently registered under the Securities Act and, where required, under the laws of other applicable jurisdictions, or unless
an exemption from registration is available. Such Participant covenants and agrees that it will not offer, sell, pledge, assign, exchange,
transfer, hypothecate, encumber or otherwise dispose of (Transfer) all or any part of its FLP 4 Accounts except
in compliance with applicable law and with the express written consent of the Partnership. Neither such Participant nor any beneficial
owner of such Participant that has (or will have or will share) the power to vote or dispose of FLP 4 Accounts or any securities owned
by such Participant is subject to any bad actor disqualification events set forth in Rule 506(d) of Regulation D under the Securities
Act.

5

(c) Qualification. Such Participant
has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of acquiring the
FLP 4 Accounts. Such Participant recognizes acquiring the FLP 4 Accounts involves substantial risks, including that the FLP 4 Accounts
may ultimately have no value, that any value (including the future value of the FLP 4 Accounts) is speculative, and that the FLP 4 Accounts
are subject to dilution by the issuance of additional Units by the Partnership.

(d) Independent Investigation.
Such Participant has performed its own independent investigation, and obtained such information, as it deems appropriate in order to evaluate
the merits and risks of an investment in the FLP 4 Accounts under the terms set forth in this Agreement and believes that acquiring the
FLP 4 Accounts is suitable and appropriate for such Participant. In making the decision to acquire the FLP 4 Accounts, such Participant
is not relying on any representation and/or warranty of the Partnership or its affiliates or its and their officers, directors, or employees,
BHI, BMP, or any other person, whether oral or written, other than those specifically set forth in this Agreement.

(e) Receipt of Information; Risk
of Loss. Such Participant specifically acknowledges that it has been furnished with any materials relating to the Partnership, the
Issuer, their operations, the offering of FLP 4 Accounts, the management experience of the Partnership and its affiliates, including the
Issuer, and any other matters relating to the Partnership, the Issuer and this investment that such Participant has requested. Such Participant
has performed such due diligence as it deemed appropriate, evaluated the risks of an investment in the Partnership and the Issuer, understands
there are substantial risks of loss incidental to the acquisition of FLP 4 Accounts and has determined that an investment in FLP 4 Accounts
is a suitable and appropriate investment for such Participant. Such Participant has been provided an opportunity to obtain additional
information concerning the offering of FLP 4 Accounts and the Partnership and its affiliates, including the Issuer, and has been given
the opportunity to ask questions of, and receive answers from, the Partnerships officers concerning the terms and conditions of
the offering of FLP 4 Accounts, the Partnership, the Issuer and any other matters pertaining thereto

(f) Investment Intent. Such
Participant is acquiring FLP 4 Accounts for its own account. Such Participant has full investment discretion with respect to such Participants
account, and the full power and authority to make the acknowledgements, representations and agreements herein on behalf of each owner
of each such account, for investment purposes only, and not with an intent to resell or distribute any part thereof. Participant has no
present plans to enter into any contract, undertaking, agreement or arrangement for any such distribution, transfer, resale or disposition.
Such Participant has no need of liquidity with respect to its investment in the Partnership, can afford a complete loss of its investment
in the Partnership and can afford to hold its investment in the Partnership for an indefinite period of time. Such Participant further
acknowledges that the Partnership is not required to list the FLP 4 Accounts for trading and a market for the FLP 4 Accounts does not
exist and may never develop.

6

(g) Confidential Information.
Such Participant acknowledges that it will receive or otherwise have access to confidential, proprietary information concerning or relating
to the Partnership and its affiliates, including the Issuer (collectively, the Confidential Information).
Such Participant agrees that it will not disclose or cause to be disclosed any Confidential Information to any person or use the Confidential
Information for its own purposes or its own account, except in connection with evaluating an investment or continued investment in the
Partnership and the purchase of FLP 4 Accounts (and, in connection with the acquisition of FLP 4 Accounts, may only disclose the Confidential
Information to its officers, employees, agents, affiliates or advisors of such Participant that (1) have a need to know the Confidential
Information solely for purposes of assisting such Participant with respect to its investment in the Partnership and (2) are obligated
to keep such information confidential) and except as otherwise required by any regulatory authority, law or regulation, by legal process
or as otherwise authorized by the Partnership. Such Participant certifies and agrees that, except as disclosed to the Partnership in writing
prior to the date hereof, it is not subject to any law, governmental rule, regulation or legal process in any jurisdiction (including,
without limitation, lawsuits, subpoenas, administrative proceedings or the U.S. Freedom of Information Act, or any comparable laws or
regulations of any U.S. or non-U.S. jurisdiction) requiring such Participant to disclose (on receipt of a request to do so or otherwise)
any information relating to the such Participant or such Participants investment in the Partnership. Such Participant has not reproduced,
duplicated or delivered any of the documents or information provided in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder to any
person, except professional advisors of such Participant or as authorized in writing by the Partnership. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
such Participant (and each employee, representative or other agent of such Participant) may disclose to any and all persons without limitation
of any kind, the tax treatment and tax structure of (1) the Partnership and (2) any of its transactions, and all materials of any kind
(including opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to such Participant relating to such tax treatment and tax structure.

(h) No General Solicitation.
Such Participant is not investing as a result of any general advertisement or solicitation.

(i) Partnership LPA. Such
Participant has received and read a copy of the 10th A&R LPA.

(j) Certain Investment Company
Act Matters. Such Participant understands that neither the Partnership nor the Issuer is registered, and does not expect to register
as an investment company under the 1940 Act. Such Participant would be considered, and the interest in the Partnership held
by such Participant would be considered to be beneficially owned by, one person for purposes of Section 3(c)(1) of the 1940
Act.

(k) Certain Partnership Tax Matters.
If such Participant is a partnership, grantor trust, S corporation or other flow-through entity for federal income tax purposes, it has
not been formed or utilized for the principal purpose of permitting the Partnership to satisfy the 100-partner limitation set forth in
Treasury Regulation Section 1.7704-1(h)(1)(ii).

(l) Certain ERISA Matters.
Such Participant is not (1) an employee benefit plan as defined in Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security
Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA), (2) an employee benefit plan subject to Part 4 of Subtitle B of Title I of
ERISA, (3) a plan described in Section 4975(e)(1) of the Code, or (4) an entity whose underlying assets are considered plan assets
of a plan identified in the foregoing clause (1), (2) or (3) that invested in such entity.

(m) Litigation. There is
no civil, criminal or administrative suit, action, proceeding, arbitration, investigation, review or inquiry pending or threatened against
or affecting such Participant or any of such Participants properties or rights that affects or would reasonably be expected to
affect such Participants ability to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, nor is there any decree, injunction,
rule or order of any governmental authority or arbitrator outstanding against such Participant or any of such Participants properties
or rights that affects or would reasonably be expected to affect such Participants ability to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement.

7

(n) U.S. Person. Such Participant
is a United States person as defined in section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. Such Participant is not a domestic partnership
of which one or more persons or entities that are not United States persons as defined in section 7701(a)(30) of the Code
own an interest in the partnership capital of such domestic partnership, as defined in sections 7701(a)(2) and 7701(a)(4) of the Code.

(o) Private Foundation; Government
Entity. Such Participant is not a private foundation or a government entity as defined in the Investment Advisers Act
Rule 206(4)-5.

(p) Reliance. Such Participant
understands the meaning and legal consequences of the representations and warranties made by such Participant herein and that each of
the Partnership and the General Partner are relying on such representations and warranties
in connection with the determination to issue FLP 4 Accounts to such Participant.

7. Representations and Warranties
of the Partnership and General Partner. The Partnership and General Partner hereby jointly and severally represent and warrant to
the Participants, as of the Effective Date, that:

(a) Power and Authority.
Each of the Partnership and General Partner is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware
and has the right, power and authority to perform its obligations hereunder. The execution, delivery and performance by the Partnership
and the General Partner of this Agreement have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Partnership and General
Partner. This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by Partnership and General Partner and constitutes the valid
and binding obligation of the Partnership and the General Partner, enforceable against the Partnership and General Partner in accordance
with its terms.

(b) Duly Issued. The FLP
4 Accounts that are being issued to each Participant hereunder, when issued, sold and delivered in accordance with the terms and for the
consideration set forth in this Agreement, will be duly and validly issued and free and clear of all liens and restrictions on transfer
other than (1) restrictions on transfer as described herein, under the Partnership LPA or under applicable federal and state securities
laws, and (2) liens created by a Participant or its affiliates.

(c) No Registration Required.
Neither the Partnership, nor any of its affiliates, nor to its knowledge, any person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly,
made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, other than the transactions contemplated hereby,
under circumstances that would require registration of the FLP 4 Accounts under the Securities Act or cause the offering of FLP 4 Accounts
hereunder to be integrated with prior offerings for purposes of the Securities Act.

(d) No General Solicitation.
Neither the Partnership, any of its affiliates, nor, to its knowledge, any person acting on its or their behalf, has engaged in any form
of general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Regulation D) in connection with the issuance of the FLP 4 Accounts.

(e) Disclaimer.
Except for the representations and warranties made by the Partnership that are expressly set forth in this Section 7, the Partnership
and each of its affiliates and representatives expressly disclaim and make no, and shall not be deemed to have made any, representation,
warranty, statement or disclosure of any kind (whether express or implied) to Participant or any of its affiliates or representatives.

8

8. Conditions to the Partnerships
Obligations. The obligations of the Partnership to issue the FLP 4 Accounts to the Participants on the Closing Date and consummate
the other transactions contemplated hereby shall be subject to the following conditions to the extent not waived by the Partnership:

(a) Representations and Warranties.
The representations and warranties made by the Participants and the Participant Advisor in Section 6 hereof shall be true and correct
in all material respects on the Closing Date as if they had been made on and as of such date.

(b) Laws and Government Orders.
There shall not be in force and effect any (1) law or (2) governmental order by any governmental authority of competent jurisdiction,
in either case, enjoining, prohibiting, or making illegal the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereunder.

(c) Officers Certificate.
The Partnership shall have received a certificate signed by each Participant and the Participant Advisor, in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to the Partnership, dated as of the Closing Date, to the effect that each of the conditions specified above in Sections 8(a)
and 8(b) have been satisfied.

(d) Transaction. The consummation
of the Transaction (as defined in the Master Agreement) upon satisfaction of all conditions precedent thereto as contemplated by the Master
Agreement.

(e) Joinder Agreement. Each
Participant shall have executed and delivered a joinder agreement to the Partnership LPA in the form provided on Exhibit B attached
hereto (the Joinder Agreement).

(f) Consents. Each of BHI
and BMP shall have executed and delivered a consent agreement in substantially the form provided on Exhibit C attached hereto (Consents).

(g) Voting Agreement. Each
Participant shall have executed and delivered the voting agreement in substantially the form provided on Exhibit D attached hereto
(Voting Agreement).

9. Conditions to the Participants
Obligations. The obligations of each Participant to acquire the FLP 4 Accounts and consummate the other transactions contemplated
hereby shall be subject to the following conditions to the extent not waived by the Participants:

(a) Representations and Warranties.
The representations and warranties made by the Partnership and the General Partner in Section 7 shall be true and correct in all material
respects on the Closing Date as if they had been made on and as of such date.

(b) FLP 4 Accounts. The Participant
shall have received such Participants FLP 4 Accounts free and clear of all liens and restrictions on transfer other than (1) restrictions
on transfer described herein, under the Partnership LPA or under applicable federal and state securities laws, and (2) liens created by
a Participant or its affiliates.

9

10. Covenants.

(a) Valuation. The Partnership
agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts in assisting Participants with their efforts to secure a third-party valuation of the FLP
4 Accounts following the Closing Date.

(b) Disposition. Upon the
written request of the Participants from time to time following the Closing Date, the Partnership agrees to use commercially reasonable
efforts to assist with the Participants efforts to sell the FLP 4 Accounts in accordance with applicable securities laws to unaffiliated
accredited investors (as defined in Regulation D promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission). In the event a Participant consummates
the sale of its ownership of FLP 4 Accounts for an amount of at least 50% of such Participants Participant Percentage of $[________]
million, a Designated Event as described in clause (1) of the definition shall be deemed to have occurred with respect to such Participant.
For the avoidance of doubt, commercially reasonable efforts under this Section 10(b) shall not require the Partnership or the Issuer to
participate in a road show, to engage or fund the engagement of an investment bank or other financial institution, file any registration
statement or conduct other activities that would divert a meaningful amount of time or resources away from operating the business of the
Partnership or any of its affiliates.

11. Miscellaneous.

(a) Amendments. Neither this
Agreement nor any term hereof may be changed, waived, discharged or terminated without the written consent of the Parties hereto.

(b) Entirety. This Agreement,
the Partnership LPA, the Joinder Agreement and the Voting Agreement set forth the entire understanding of the parties hereto regarding
the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior agreements, communications and discussions, whether oral or written, among the Parties
hereto regarding the subject matter hereof.

(c) Non-Disparagement. Each
Party agrees not to make, publish, or communicate any remarks, comments, or statements disparaging, portraying in a negative light, or
otherwise impairing the reputation, goodwill, or commercial interests of any other Party or its businesses, products, services, directors,
officers, or employees, in any form or medium, for so long as the Parties are subject to the Standstill Agreement in Paragraph 5(a). This
obligation extends to each Partys officers, directors, employees, and agents, but does not restrict any Party from complying with
any applicable law, regulation, or valid court order.

(d) Further Assurances. Each
Party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute and deliver all such
other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other party may reasonably necessary in order to carry out the intent
and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

10

(e) Governing Law. This Agreement
shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware. Each Party hereto (i) consents to personal
jurisdiction before the courts of the State of Delaware, and (ii) agrees that the Delaware Court of Chancery, to the extent it has jurisdiction,
shall be the exclusive forum in connection with any action arising out of or involving this Agreement. If the Court of Chancery lacks
jurisdiction, the Parties agree that such action shall be brought in any other Court in the State of Delaware with jurisdiction (collectively,
the Permitted Courts). The Permitted Courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction of any dispute, case, or controversy
in anyway related to, arising under, or in connection with this Agreement, including extra-contractual claims, and shall be a proper forum
in which to adjudicate such dispute, case, or controversy, and each Party irrevocably: (a) consents to the jurisdiction of the Permitted
Courts in such actions; (b) agrees not to plead or claim that such litigation brought in the Permitted Courts has been brought in an inconvenient
forum; and (c) waives the right to object, with respect to such suit, action, or proceeding, that such court does not have jurisdiction
over such Party.

(f) Jury Trial Waiver. THE
PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY WAIVE ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS
AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND AGREE THAT ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE TRIED BEFORE A COURT AND NOT BEFORE
A JURY.

(g) Counterparts. This Agreement
may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be an original but all of which taken together shall constitute one agreement.

(h) Headings. The headings
in this Agreement are for convenience of reference, and shall not by themselves determine the meaning of this Agreement or of any part
hereof.

[signature pages follow]

11

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
Parties have duly executed this Agreement as of the Effective Date.

PARTNERSHIP

Beneficient Company Holdings, L.P.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

GENERAL PARTNER

Beneficient Company Group, L.L.C.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

MASTER FUND

Hatteras Master Fund, L.P.

By: Hatteras Investment Partners, its Registered Investment Advisor

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

EVERGREEN

Hatteras Evergreen Private Equity Fund, LLC

By: Hatteras Investment Partners, its Registered Investment Advisor

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Signature Page

Subscription Agreement

GPEP INSTITUTIONAL

Hatteras Global Private Equity Partners Institutional, LLC

By: Hatteras Investment Partners, its Registered Investment Advisor

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

GPEP

Hatteras GPEP Fund, LP

By: Hatteras Investment Partners, its Registered Investment Advisor

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

GPEP II

Hatteras GPEP Fund II, LLC

By: Hatteras Investment Partners, its Registered Investment Advisor

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

BMP

Beneficient Management Partners, L.P.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Signature Page

Subscription Agreement

BHI

Beneficient Holdings, Inc.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Signature Page

Subscription Agreement

SCHEDULE A

Participant Percentage

Participant Expense Percentage Participant
Percentage1

Master Fund 83.29% 

Evergreen 12.46% 

GPEP Institutional 1.60% 

GPEP 0.51% 

GPEP II 2.14% 

Total: 100% 

1 Equal to the Expense Percentage
multiplied by Hatteras Aggregate Percentage.

Schedule A

Subscription Agreement

EXHIBIT A

Definitions

(1) BHI means Beneficient Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation.

(2) BMP means Beneficient Management Partners, L.P. a Delaware limited partnership.

(3) Class S Ordinary Units shall mean those certain units of BCH designated as Class S Ordinary Units under the Partnership LPA with the rights pertaining thereto and which are convertible into Common Stock on a one-to-one basis under the Exchange Agreement (as defined in the Partnership LPA) and Section 7.06 of Partnership LPA.

(4) Designated Event shall mean the occurrence of the earliest of (1) FLP 4 Realizations by one or more Participants in an aggregate amount equal to $[__________] million; and (2) four years (4) from the date the Closing Date.

(5) Common Stock means the Class A Common Stock of the Issuer.

(6) Covered Expense means all reasonable, actually incurred third-party expenses of Participants that are incurred in relation to the day-to-day, ordinary course operations of such Participant but in no event in excess of the Covered Expense Cap applicable to such Participant. Fees or expenses of any kind payable or paid to an advisor, manager, or affiliate of such Hatteras fund are not Covered Expenses.

(7) Covered Expense Cap shall mean with respect to each Participant, its Participant Percentage of the Covered Expenses; provided that in aggregate the Covered Expenses shall in no case exceed $5.5 million and (2) the Covered Expenses payable with respect to each monthly period shall not exceed an amount designated with respect to such monthly period by the Audit Committee of the Issuer in its sole discretion that it determines in good faith to be reasonable and necessary to ensure the Issuer is able to satisfy its ordinary course operating expenses (Monthly Cap). The Issuer shall deliver notice to each Participant of the applicable Monthly Cap on or before the Covered Expense Due Date. The Covered Expense Cap shall be reduced by the amount of cash paid by any Participant during the Expense Support Period other than for Covered Expenses.

(8) Covered Expense Interest shall mean the interest accrued on any Covered Expense Amount (or Minimum Expense Payment, if applicable) not paid when due, calculated at the Covered Expense Interest Rate, beginning on the day immediately following the corresponding Covered Expense Due Date and continuing until the date of full payment of such Covered Expense Amount (or Minimum Expense Payment, if appliable), based on a 365-day year and the actual number of days elapsed.

(9) Covered Expense Interest Rate shall mean 12.68% annually, compounded monthly.

(10) Expense Percentage means, with respect to each Participant, the percentage set forth opposite such Participants name on Schedule A attached to the Agreement.

Exhibit A

Subscription Agreement

(11) FLP 4 Realizations the aggregate value of Class S Ordinary Units (at a price per unit equal to the closing price per share of Common Stock as reported on the exchange on which the Common stock is traded, or if the Common Stock is not listed on a national securities exchange, as quoted on the automated quotation system on which the Common Stock is quoted, as of the date immediately prior to the issuance) delivered to Participants as holders of the FLP 4 Accounts.

(12) Hatteras Aggregate Percentage The aggregate percentage of FLP 4 Interests issued to Hatteras.

(13) Issuer means Beneficient, a Nevada corporation.

(14) Master Agreement means that certain Master Agreement dated December 22, 2024 by and among Beneficient, a Nevada corporation, the Partnership, Beneficient Company Group, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company and the sole general partner of the Partnership, and Beneficient Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation.

(15) Person means any individual, estate, corporation, partnership, limited partnership, limited liability company, limited company, joint venture, trust, unincorporated or governmental organization or any agency or political subdivision thereof.

Exhibit A

Subscription Agreement
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.1

Beneficient
Announces Agreement to Settle GWG Litigation

DALLAS,
March 10, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) Beneficient (NASDAQ: BENF) (Beneficient, Ben or the Company),
a technology-enabled platform providing exit opportunities and primary capital solutions and related trust and custody services to holders
of alternative assets through its proprietary online platform, AltAccess, today announced that it has entered into a binding agreement
to settle all claims in the previously disclosed lawsuits relating to GWG Holdings, Inc. (GWG) in federal court in the
Northern District of Texas and the Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas (GWG Litigation) against the Company,
its subsidiaries, and each of their current and former directors and officers, including its founder and CEO, Brad Heppner (collectively,
the Beneficient Parties), for a sum within applicable insurance policy limits.

The
Company and its directors and officers have vigorously contested and continue to contest the allegations in the GWG Litigation, fundamentally
challenging the underlying factual assertions and maintaining substantive and well-founded defenses. The Companys decision to
enter into this settlement agreement was based on eliminating ongoing costs, distractions, and other risks inherent in litigation.

The
proposed settlement, which is subject to court approval and other conditions, would resolve all claims asserted against the Beneficient
Parties without any admission, concession or finding of any fault, liability or wrongdoing by the Company or any defendant. Under the
terms of the proposed settlement, the plaintiffs will receive an agreed upon amount of cash, which will be paid entirely from funds available
under applicable insurance policies.

While
the Company thoroughly disputes the allegations in the GWG Litigation, we are pleased to have reached this agreement. Todays
announcement is a major step toward allowing us to move past this matter so we can continue focusing on executing on our business plan
and enhancing shareholder value, said a Company spokesperson.

Following
the settlement of the GWG Litigation, other GWG-related claims against parties other than the Company, its subsidiaries, and each of
their current and former directors and officers, including its founder and CEO, remain outstanding, including certain claims against
entities related to Beneficients founder and CEO to whom Beneficient owes certain indemnification obligations. The Company intends
to support a vigorous defense against such claims.

Forward
Looking Statements

Except
for the historical information contained herein, the matters set forth in this press release are forward-looking statements within the
meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements
include, but are not limited to, statements regarding approval of the proposed settlement and outstanding GWG-related claims against
entities related to the Companys founder and CEO to whom the Company owes certain indemnification obligations. The words anticipate,
believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intends,
may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project,
should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words
does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements are based on our managements beliefs, as well
as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, them. Because such statements are based on expectations as to future
financial and operating results and are not statements of fact, actual results may differ materially from those projected.

Important
factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements include, among others:
the timing and the final outcome of the GWG Litigation; entry of a final judgment by the court in the GWG Litigation and the risks, uncertainties,
and factors set forth under Risk Factors in the Companys most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and its subsequently
filed Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made. The Company assumes no obligation
to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, subsequent events, or circumstances or other changes affecting such statements
except to the extent required by applicable law.

Forward-looking
statements speak only as of the date they are made. Readers are cautioned not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements, and,
except as required by law, the Company assumes no obligation and does not intend to update or revise these forward-looking statements,
whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>benf-20250306.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>benf-20250306_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>benf-20250306_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.001 per share 

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A common stock, par value $0.001 per share, and one share of Series A convertible preferred stock, par value $0.001 per share 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>benf-20250306_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-009619-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001775734 

2025-03-06 
2025-03-06 

0001775734 

BENF:SharesOfClassCommonStockParValue0.001PerShareMember 

2025-03-06 
2025-03-06 

0001775734 

BENF:WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneShareOfClassCommonStockParValue0.001PerShareAndOneShareOfSeriesConvertiblePreferredStockParValue0.001PerShareMember 

2025-03-06 
2025-03-06 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001775734 
8-K 
2025-03-06 
Beneficient 
NV 
001-41715 
72-1573705 
325 North St. Paul Street 
Suite 4850 
Dallas 
TX 
75201 
(214) 
445-4700 
false 
true 
false 
false 
Shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.001 per share 
BENF 
NASDAQ 
Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A common stock, par value $0.001 per share 
BENFW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Mar. 06, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 06, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41715

Entity Registrant Name Beneficient

Entity Central Index Key 0001775734

Entity Tax Identification Number 72-1573705

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 325 North St. Paul Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 4850

Entity Address, City or Town Dallas

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 75201

City Area Code (214)

Local Phone Number 445-4700

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material true

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Shares
of Class A common stock, par value $0.001 per share

Trading Symbol BENF

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A common stock, par value $0.001 per share, and one share of Series A convertible preferred stock, par value $0.001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants,
each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A common stock, par value $0.001 per share

Trading Symbol BENFW

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=BENF_SharesOfClassCommonStockParValue0.001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=BENF_WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneShareOfClassCommonStockParValue0.001PerShareAndOneShareOfSeriesConvertiblePreferredStockParValue0.001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
3 
24 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://Beneficient.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

benf-20250306.xsd 
benf-20250306_def.xml 
benf-20250306_lab.xml 
benf-20250306_pre.xml 
form8-k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>