<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001641172-25-002514.txt : 20250403
<SEC-HEADER>0001641172-25-002514.hdr.sgml : 20250403
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250403085526
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001641172-25-002514
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250331
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Shareholder Nominations Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 14a-11
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250403
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250403

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Eterna Therapeutics Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000748592
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		EIN:				311103425
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11460
		FILM NUMBER:		25807635

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1035 CAMBRIDGE STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 18A
		CITY:			CAMBRIDGE
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02141
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(617) 798-6700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10531 4S COMMONS DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 166-550
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92127

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Brooklyn ImmunoTherapeutics, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210325

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NTN BUZZTIME INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20051230

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NTN COMMUNICATIONS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false0000748592Eterna Therapeutics Inc.00007485922025-03-312025-03-31iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 31, 2025

Ernexa
Therapeutics Inc.

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

Delaware 001-11460 31-1103425

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

1035
Cambridge Street, Suite 18A 

Cambridge,
MA 02141

(Address
of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip
Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (617)798-6700

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
symbol Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock, par value $0.005 per share ERNA The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 or Rule 12b-2
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934:

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On
March 31, 2025, Ernexa Therapeutics Inc. (the Company) entered into a securities purchase agreement (the SPA)
with certain accredited investors and a related registration rights agreement (the RRA). Pursuant to the SPA, the Company
agreed to issue and sell to the investors, and the investors agreed to purchase from the Company, in a private placement, an aggregate
of 58,262,918shares
of common stock at a purchase price of $0.1046 per share, and pre-funded warrants to purchase up to 11,048,736
shares of common stock, at a purchase price of
$0.0996 per pre-funded warrant. The pre-funded warrants will be exercisable until exercised in full at a nominal exercise of $0.005 per
share and may not be exercised to the extent such exercise would cause the holder to beneficially own more than 4.99% or 9.99%, as applicable,
of the Companys outstanding common stock.

Upon
the initial closing of the SPA, on April 2,2025,
we sold to the investors an aggregate of 9,934,016 shares
of common stock and 509,736 pre-funded
warrants (such shares, including the shares underlying the pre-funded warrants equal to 19.99% of the Companys outstanding shares
as of March 31, 2025. The second closing under the SPA, for the sale of 48,328,902shares of common stock and 10,539,000pre-funded warrants, will occur upon satisfaction or waiver
of certain conditions, including without limitation, receipt of stockholder approval for such issuance as required under applicable Nasdaq
listing rules. Pursuant to the SPA, we agreed to hold a shareholder meeting to seek such shareholder approval as soon as reasonably possible,
and no later than June 30, 2025 (or July 30, 2025 if the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) reviews the preliminary
proxy statement for such meeting.

Under
the RRA, the Company agreed to file a registration statement for the resale of the shares issued, and the shares underlying the pre-funded
warrants issued in the initial closing under the SPA within 15 days of the initial closing under the SPA, and to file an additional registration
statement within 10 days after the second closing under the SPA, for the resale of the shares issued and the shares underlying the pre-funded
warrants issued under the second closing under the SPA. The Company also agreed to use its reasonable best efforts to have the initial
registration statement declared effective within 45 days from the filing date (or 60 days if the registration statement is reviewed by
the SEC) and to have the additional registration statement declared effective within 30 days of the filing date (or 60 days if the registration
statement is reviewed by the SEC).

Investors
under the SPA include Charles Cherington and Nicholas Singer (through an affiliated entity). Mr. Cherington, prior to the initial closing,
owned approximately 32% of the Companys outstanding common stock, and is also a noteholder and former director of the Company.
Mr. Singer is a former director of the Company. Mr. Cherington and Mr. Singer participated in the private placement on the same terms
and conditions as all other investors.

In
connection with the foregoing, the Company relied upon the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, and Regulation D thereunder, for transactions not involving a public offering.

The
foregoing summary description of the SPA, RRA, and pre-funded warrants does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety
by reference to the full text of such documents which are filed as exhibits to this report and are incorporated herein by reference.

Item
3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The
information in Item 1.01 of this report is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02.

Item
5.08 Shareholder Director Nominations

On
March 31, 2025, the Companys board of directors re-set the date for the Companys 2025 annual meeting of stockholders, (which
was previously expected to be held on May 1, 2025), for June 2, 2025. In accordance with the Companys second amended and restated
bylaws, in order for any business to be brought before such meeting by a stockholder and for any person to be nominated for election
to the Companys board of directors at such meeting by a stockholder, such stockholder must notify the Company of such intention
by notice received at the Companys principal executive offices not later than April 13, 2025. Stockholder proposals intended for
inclusion in the Companys proxy statement for the meeting pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act must be received at the
Companys principal executive offices no later than April 13, 2025. In addition, all such stockholder notices and stockholder proposals must conform to
the applicable requirements of the Companys second amended and restated bylaws, the rules and regulations promulgated under the
Exchange Act and other applicable law. All such notices and stockholder proposals are to be directed to: Ernexa Therapeutics Inc., Attention:
Secretary, 1035 Cambridge Street, Suite 18A, Cambridge, MA 02141.

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits

Exhibit
No. Description

10.1 Securities Purchase Agreement

10.2 Registration Rights Agreement

10.3 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

-2-

SIGNATURE

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, hereunto duly authorized.

Ernexa
Therapeutics Inc.

Dated:
April 3,2025 By: /s/
Sanjeev Luther

Sanjeev
Luther

President
and Chief Executive Officer

-3-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This
Securities Purchase Agreement (this Agreement) is dated as of March 31, 2025, between Ernexa Therapeutics
Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto (each, including
its successors and permitted assigns, a Purchaser and collectively, the Purchasers).

WHEREAS,
subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act (as defined below),
and Rule 506 promulgated thereunder, the Company desires to issue and sell to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser, severally and not jointly,
desires to purchase from the Company, securities of the Company as more fully described in this Agreement.

NOW,
THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt
and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser agree as follows:

ARTICLE
I.

DEFINITIONS

1.1 Definitions.
In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings
set forth in this Section 1.1:

Acquiring
Person shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.5.

Action
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(j).

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial
banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place,
non-essential employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the
direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial
banks in The City of New York generally are open for use by customers on such day.

Closing
means the First Closing and/or the Subsequent Closing, as the context requires.

Closing
Date means the First Closing Date and/or the Subsequent Closing Date, as the context requires.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.005 per share, and any other class of securities into which such
securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Disclosure
Schedules means the Disclosure Schedules of the Company delivered concurrently herewith.

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exempt
Issuance means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock, restricted share units or options to employees, consultants, officers,
or directors of the Company pursuant to any share or option plan in existence as of the date hereof; (b) shares of Common Stock upon
the exercise or exchange of or conversion of securities exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into shares of Common Stock issued
and outstanding on the date of this Agreement, provided that such securities have not been amended since the date of this Agreement to
increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities or to
extend the term of such securities; (c) securities issuable pursuant to this Agreement, and (d) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions
or strategic transactions (whether by merger, consolidation, purchase of equity, purchase of assets, reorganization or otherwise) approved
by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company and (e) up to 300,000 shares of Common Stock the Company may issue as consideration
for settlement of Proceedings.

FCPA
means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

First
Closing means the closing of the purchase and sale of the First Closing Securities pursuant to Section 2.1(a).

First
Closing Date means the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable
parties thereto, and all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchasers obligations to pay the First Closing Subscription Amount and
(ii) the Companys obligations to deliver the First Closing Securities, in each case, have been satisfied or waived.

First
Closing Pre-Funded Warrants means the pre-funded Common Stock purchase warrants delivered to the Purchasers at the First Closing
in accordance with Section 2.2(a) hereof, in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto.

2

First
Closing Securities means the First Closing Shares, the First Closing Pre-Funded Warrants and the First Closing Warrant Shares.

First
Closing Shares means the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to each Purchaser at the First Closing pursuant to this
Agreement, which for the avoidance of doubt, will in the aggregate be not more than 19.99% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock
or voting power as of the date of this Agreement.

First
Closing Subscription Amount means, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be paid for the First Closing Shares and
the First Closing Pre-Funded Warrants (if any) purchased hereunder.

First
Closing Warrant Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the First Closing Pre-Funded Warrants.

GAAP
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Indebtedness
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(bb).

Intellectual
Property Rights shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(p).

Legend
Removal Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.1(c).

Liens
means a lien, charge pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

Material
Adverse Effect shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1(b).

Material
Permits shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(n).

Per
Share Purchase Price equals $0.1046, subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock
combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement and prior to the applicable
Closing Date.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Pre-Funded
Warrants means the First Closing Pre-Funded Warrants and the Subsequent Closing Pre-Funded Warrants.

3

Proceeding
means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

Proxy
Statement shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.16(a).

Purchaser
Party shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.8.

Registration
Rights Agreement means the Registration Rights Agreement, dated on or about the date hereof, among the Company and the Purchasers,
substantially in the form of Exhibit B attached hereto.

Registration
Statement means a registration statement meeting the requirements set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement and covering
the resale by the Purchasers of the Shares and the Warrant Shares.

Required
Approvals shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e).

Rule
144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

Rule
424 means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule

SEC
Reports shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Securities
means the Shares, the Pre-Funded Warrants and the Warrant Shares.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Shares
means the First Closing Shares and the Subsequent Closing Shares.

Short
Sales means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be
deemed to include locating and/or borrowing shares of Common Stock).

Stockholder
Approval shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.16(a).

Stockholder
Approval Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.16(a).

4

Stockholder
Meeting shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.16(a).

Stockholder
Meeting Outside Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.16(a).

Subscription
Amount means, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate of the First Closing Subscription Amount and the Subsequent Closing Subscription
Amount as specified below such Purchasers name on the signature page of this Agreement and next to the heading Subscription
Amount, in United States dollars and in immediately available funds.

Subsequent
Closing means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Subsequent Closing Securities pursuant to Section 2.1(b).

Subsequent
Closing Date means the Trading Day on which (i) the Purchasers obligations to pay the Subsequent Closing Subscription
Amount and (ii) the Companys obligations to deliver the Subsequent Closing Securities, in each case, have been satisfied or waived.

Subsequent
Closing Securities means the Subsequent Closing Shares, the Subsequent Closing Pre-Funded Warrants and the Subsequent Closing
Warrant Shares.

Subsequent
Closing Shares means the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to each Purchaser at the Subsequent Closing pursuant to
this Agreement.

Subsequent
Closing Subscription Amount means, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be paid for Subsequent Closing Shares and
Subsequent Closing Pre-Funded Warrants (if any) purchased hereunder.

Subsequent
Closing Pre-Funded Warrants means the pre-funded Common Stock purchase warrants delivered to the Purchasers at the Subsequent
Closing in accordance with Section 2.2(c) hereof, in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto.

Subsequent
Closing Warrant Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Subsequent Closing Pre-Funded Warrants.

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed
or acquired after the date hereof. As of the date of this Agreement, the Companys subsidiaries (excluding dormant subsidiaries)
are Eterna Therapeutics LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Novellus, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and Novellus Therapeutics,
Ltd., a company formed under the laws of Ireland.

Trading
Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

5

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the New York
Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction
Documents means this Agreement, the Pre-Funded Warrants, the Registration Rights Agreement, all exhibits and schedules thereto
and hereto and any other documents or agreements executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

Transfer
Agent means Computershare Trust Company, N.A., the current transfer agent of the Company, and any successor transfer agent
of the Company.

Warrant
Shares means the First Closing Warrant Shares and the Subsequent Closing Warrant Shares.

ARTICLE
II.

PURCHASE AND SALE

2.1 Closings.

(a)
On the First Closing Date, which date shall be April 2, 2025, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the
Company agrees to sell, and the Purchasers severally and not jointly, agree to purchase, an aggregate of $1.1 million of First
Closing Shares and First Closing Pre-Funded Warrants (less an amount equal to the aggregate exercise price of the First Closing Pre-Funded
Warrants purchased hereunder, if any). To the extent that a Purchaser determines, in its sole discretion, that such Purchaser (together
with such Purchasers Affiliates, and any Person acting as a group together with such Purchaser or any of such Purchasers
Affiliates) would beneficially own in excess of 4.99 or 9.99% (such percentage as indicated on the Purchasers signature page attached
hereto) of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of the First Closing
Shares on the First Closing Date (the Beneficial Ownership Limitation), such Purchaser may otherwise elect, in lieu
of purchasing First Closing Shares, to purchase First Closing Pre-Funded Warrants in lieu of First Closing Shares in such manner to result
in the same aggregate First Closing Subscription Amount being paid by such Purchaser to the Company. Each Purchaser shall deliver to
the Company, via wire transfer or a certified check, immediately available funds equal to such Purchasers First Closing Subscription
Amount as set forth on the signature page hereto executed by such Purchaser, and the Company shall deliver to each Purchaser its respective
First Closing Shares and First Closing Pre-Funded Warrants (if any), as determined pursuant to Section 2.2(a), and the Company and each
Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable at the First Closing.

6

(b)
On the Subsequent Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchasers,
severally and not jointly, agree to purchase, an aggregate of $6.2 million of Subsequent Closing Shares and Subsequent Closing
Pre-Funded Warrants (if any) (less an amount equal to the aggregate exercise price of the Subsequent Closing Pre-Funded Warrants purchased
hereunder, if any). To the extent that a Purchaser determines, in its sole discretion, that such Purchaser (together with such Purchasers
Affiliates, and any Person acting as a group together with such Purchaser or any of such Purchasers Affiliates) would beneficially
own in excess of the applicable Beneficial Ownership Limitation immediately after giving effect to the issuance of the Subsequent Closing
Shares on the Subsequent Closing Date, such Purchaser may otherwise elect, in lieu of purchasing Subsequent Closing Shares, to purchase
Subsequent Closing Pre-Funded Warrants in lieu of Subsequent Closing Shares in such manner to result in the same aggregate Subsequent
Closing Subscription Amount being paid by such Purchaser to the Company. Each Purchaser shall deliver to the Company, via wire transfer
or a certified check, immediately available funds equal to such Purchasers Subsequent Closing Subscription Amount as set forth
on the signature page hereto executed by such Purchaser, and the Company shall deliver to each Purchaser its respective Subsequent Closing
Shares and Subsequent Closing Pre-Funded Warrants (if any), as determined pursuant to Section 2.2(c), and the Company and each Purchaser
shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable at the Subsequent Closing. For the avoidance of doubt, a Subsequent
Closing shall not occur if the Stockholder Approval has not occurred or if the other conditions to the Subsequent Closing set forth in
Section 2.3(c) and Section 2.3(d) have not been satisfied or, if permissible, waived.

(c) Upon
satisfaction of the applicable covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, each Closing shall occur remotely via the
electronic exchange of all closing deliverables, or as the parties shall otherwise mutually agree.

2.2 Deliveries.

(a) On
or prior to the First Closing Date, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser the following:

(i) this
Agreement duly executed by the Company;

(ii) a
legal opinion of outside counsel to the Company, addressed to the Purchasers, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Purchasers;

(iii) a
copy of the irrevocable instructions to the Transfer Agent instructing the Transfer Agent to deliver, on an expedited basis, a certificate
evidencing a number of First Closing Shares equal to (i) such Purchasers First Closing Subscription Amount divided by (ii) the
Per Share Purchase Price (less the number of First Closing Pre-Funded Warrants, if any, to be issued to the Purchaser), registered in
the name of such Purchaser, rounded down to the nearest whole share, or, at the election of such Purchaser, evidence of the issuance
of such Purchasers First Closing Shares hereunder as held in DRS book-entry form by the Transfer Agent and registered in the name
of such Purchaser, which evidence shall be reasonably satisfactory to such Purchaser;

7

(iv) the
First Closing Pre-Funded Warrants (if any) issued at the Per Share Purchase Price less a nominal exercise price of $0.005 per First Closing
Warrant Share, registered in the name of the Purchaser (or its nominee as instructed by such Purchaser), to purchase up to the number
of Warrant Shares agreed to between the Company and the applicable Purchaser prior to the First Closing;

(v) the
Company shall have provided each Purchaser with the Companys wire instructions, on Company letterhead and executed by the Chief
Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer; and

(vi) the
Registration Rights Agreement duly executed by the Company.

(b) On
or prior to the First Closing Date, each Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company, the following:

(i) this
Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser;

(ii) such
Purchasers First Closing Subscription Amount by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account of the Company specified
in writing by the Company; and

(iii) the
Registration Rights Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser.

(c) On
or prior to the Subsequent Closing Date, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser the following:

(i) a
legal opinion of outside counsel to the Company, addressed to the Purchasers, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Purchasers;

(ii) a
copy of the irrevocable instructions to the Transfer Agent instructing the Transfer Agent to deliver, on an expedited basis, a certificate
evidencing a number of Subsequent Closing Shares equal to (i) such Purchasers Subsequent Closing Subscription Amount divided by
(ii) the Per Share Purchase Price (less the number of Subsequent Closing Pre-Funded Warrants, if any, to be issued to the Purchaser),
registered in the name of such Purchaser, rounded down to the nearest whole share, or, at the election of such Purchaser, evidence of
the issuance of such Purchasers Subsequent Closing Shares hereunder as held in DRS book-entry form by the Transfer Agent and registered
in the name of such Purchaser, which evidence shall be reasonably satisfactory to such Purchaser;

(iii) the
Subsequent Closing Pre-Funded Warrants (if any) issued at the Per Share Purchase Price less a nominal exercise price of $0.005 per Subsequent
Closing Warrant Share, registered in the name of the Purchaser (or its nominee as instructed by such Purchaser), to purchase up to the
number of Warrant Shares agreed to between the Company and the applicable Purchaser prior to the Subsequent Closing; and

8

(iv) the
Company shall have provided each Purchaser with the Companys wire instructions, on Company letterhead and executed by the Chief
Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer.

(d) On
or prior to the Subsequent Closing Date, each Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company such Purchasers
Subsequent Closing Subscription Amount by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account of the Company specified in writing
by the Company.

2.3 Closing
Conditions.

(a) The
obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the First Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the
accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect,
in all respects) when made and on the First Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained herein (unless
as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate as of such date);

(ii) all
obligations, covenants and agreements of each Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the First Closing Date shall have been
performed; and

(iii) the
delivery by each Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement.

(b) The
respective obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in connection with the First Closing are subject to the following conditions being
met:

(i) the
accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect,
in all respects) when made and on the First Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (unless
as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate as of such date);

(ii) all
obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the First Closing Date shall have been performed;

(iii) the
delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement;

(iv) there
shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company since the date hereof; and

9

(v) from
the date hereof to the First Closing Date, trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the Commission or the Companys
principal Trading Market, and, at any time prior to the First Closing Date, trading in securities generally as reported by Bloomberg
L.P. shall not have been suspended or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on securities whose trades are reported
by such service, or on any Trading Market, nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared either by the United States or New York
State authorities nor shall there have occurred any material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or international
calamity of such magnitude in its effect on, or any material adverse change in, any financial market which, in each case, in the reasonable
judgment of such Purchaser, makes it impracticable or inadvisable to purchase the First Closing Securities at the First Closing.

(c) The
obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Subsequent Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the
First Closing shall have been consummated;

(ii) the
accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect,
in all respects) when made and on the Subsequent Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained herein
(unless as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate as of such date);

(iii) all
obligations, covenants and agreements of each Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the Subsequent Closing Date shall have
been performed;

(iv) the
delivery by each Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.2(d) of this Agreement; and

(v) the
Stockholder Approval shall have been obtained and be in full force and effect as of the Subsequent Closing Date.

(d) The
respective obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in connection with the Subsequent Closing are subject to the following conditions
being met:

(i) the
First Closing shall have been consummated;

(ii) the
accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect,
in all respects) when made and on the Subsequent Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (unless
as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate as of such date);

(iii) all
obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the Subsequent Closing Date shall have been
performed;

10

(iv) the
delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2(c) of this Agreement; and

(v) the
Stockholder Approval shall have been obtained and be in full force and effect as of the Subsequent Closing Date.

ARTICLE
III.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

3.1 Representations
and Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports and in the Disclosure Schedules, which Disclosure Schedules
shall be deemed a part hereof and shall qualify any representation or otherwise made herein to the extent of the disclosure contained
in the Disclosure Schedules, the Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to each Purchaser:

(a) Subsidiaries.
All of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company are set forth in the definition of the term Subsidiary contained
in this Agreement. The Company owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary free
and clear of any Liens, and all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully
paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. If the Company has no subsidiaries,
all other references to the Subsidiaries or any of them in the Transaction Documents shall be disregarded.

(b) Organization
and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing
and in good standing (if the concept of good standing exists in such jurisdiction) under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation
or organization, with the requisite power and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently
conducted. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate
or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified
to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the
business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good
standing, as the case may be, would not have or reasonably be expected to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity
or enforceability of any Transaction Document, (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects
or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the
Companys ability to perform in any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i),
(ii) or (iii), a Material Adverse Effect) and no Proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking,
limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification.

11

(c) Authorization;
Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The
execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further
action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders in connection herewith or therewith other
than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party has been (or
upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will
constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as
limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application
affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance,
injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable
law.

(d) No
Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which
it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby
do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles
of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that
with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or
assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, anti-dilution or similar adjustments,
acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument
(evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by
which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict
with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or
governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations),
or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and
(iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(e) Filings,
Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice to,
or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other Person in
connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the filings required
pursuant to Section 4.4 of this Agreement, (ii) the filings with the Commission pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, (iii)
the notice and/or application(s) to each applicable Trading Market for the issuance and sale of the Securities and the listing of the
Shares and the Warrant Shares for trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby, (iv) the filing of Form D with the Commission
and such filings as are required to be made under applicable state securities laws, and (v) the Stockholder Approval (including, without
limitation, any filings required to be made with the Commission in connection therewith) (collectively, the Required Approvals).

12

(f) Issuance
of the Securities. The Shares are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable Transaction Documents,
will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company other than restrictions
on transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents and arising under applicable securities laws. The Pre-Funded Warrants are duly
authorized and, at the applicable Closing Date, will have been duly executed by the Company and, when issued and paid for in accordance
with the applicable Transaction Documents, will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company
in accordance with their respective terms, except (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as
limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar
as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law, and will be, free and clear of all Liens imposed by
the Company other than restrictions on transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents and arising under applicable securities laws.
The Warrant Shares have been duly and validly authorized and reserved for issuance and, upon exercise of the applicable Pre-Funded Warrants
in accordance with their terms will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and will be free and clear of all encumbrances and
restrictions (other than those created by the Purchasers), except for restrictions on transfer set forth in the Transaction Documents
or imposed by applicable securities laws. Assuming the accuracy of the representations and warranties of each Purchaser in Section
3.2 hereof, the Warrant Shares will be issued in compliance with all applicable federal and state securities laws

(g) Capitalization.
The capitalization of the Company as of the date hereof comprises 100,000,000 shares of Common Stock and 1,000,000 shares of preferred
stock, par value $0.005 per share. As of the date hereof, the Company has 52,244,929 shares of Common Stock outstanding and 156,112 shares
of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding. Except as set forth in the Disclosure Schedules, the Company has not issued any capital stock
since its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options under
the Companys stock option plans, the issuance of shares of Common Stock to employees pursuant to the Companys employee
stock purchase plans and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as of the date of the most
recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act. No Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation,
or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports,
there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to,
or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe
for or acquire, any shares of Common Stock or the capital stock of any Subsidiary, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements
by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents
or capital stock of any Subsidiary. The issuance and sale of the Shares will not obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to issue shares
of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Purchasers). Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, there are no outstanding
securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary with any provision that adjusts the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset
price of such security or instrument upon an issuance of securities by the Company or any Subsidiary. There are no outstanding securities
or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments,
understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or such
Subsidiary. The Company does not have any stock appreciation rights or phantom stock plans or agreements or any similar
plan or agreement. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable, have been issued in compliance in all material respects with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding
shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. There are no stockholders
agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys capital stock to which the Company is a
party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Companys stockholders.

13

(h) SEC
Reports; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be
filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the two
(2) years immediately preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such
material) (the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, being collectively
referred to herein as the SEC Reports). As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects
with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any
untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The financial statements of the Company
included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of
the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with
United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (GAAP),
except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements
may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and
its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended,
subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments.

(i) Material
Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within
the SEC Reports, except as disclosed in a subsequent SEC Report filed or furnished prior to the date hereof, (i) there has been no event,
occurrence or development that has had or that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company
has not incurred any liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practice and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Companys financial statements
pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in filings made with the Commission, (iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting, (iv) the
Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or
made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock and (v) the Company has not issued any equity securities to
any officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant to existing Company stock option plans and as may be issued and sold pursuant to
this Agreement. The Company does not have pending before the Commission any request for confidential treatment of information. Except
for the issuance of the Securities contemplated by this Agreement, no event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or development
has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to occur or exist with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective
businesses, prospects, properties, operations, assets or financial condition that would be required to be disclosed by the Company under
applicable securities laws at the time this representation is made or deemed made that has not been publicly disclosed at least 1 Trading
Day prior to the date that this representation is made.

14

(j) Litigation.
Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, there is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending or,
to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before
or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign)
(collectively, an Action), which (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of
any of the Transaction Documents or the Securities or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be expected
to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer thereof, is or has been the
subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary
duty, which would, if there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. There
has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission involving
the Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order
suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities
Act.

(k) Labor
Relations. No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees of the Company,
which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys or its Subsidiaries employees
is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe that their
relationships with their employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary is,
or is now expected to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information
agreement or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third party, and
the continued employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability with
respect to any of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all U.S. federal, state, local and foreign
laws and regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except
where the failure to be in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect.

15

(l) Compliance.
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that has not been waived
that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor has the Company or
any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture, loan or credit agreement
or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound (whether or not such default
or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree, or order of any court, arbitrator or other governmental
authority or (iii) is in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental authority, including without limitation
all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational health and safety, product quality
and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect.

(m)
Environmental Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws
relating to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface
or subsurface strata), including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants,
or toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the environment, or otherwise
relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials,
as well as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters,
orders, permits, plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder (Environmental Laws);
(ii) have received all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective
businesses; and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval where in each clause (i),
(ii) and (iii), the failure to so comply could be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

(n) Regulatory
Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate federal,
state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports, except
where the failure to possess such permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (Material
Permits), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or
modification of any Material Permit.

16

(o) Title
to Assets. The Company and the Subsidiaries have valid rights to lease or otherwise use all real property that is described in the
SEC Reports and have good and marketable title in or valid rights to lease or otherwise use all personal property owned by them that
is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries, in each case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do
not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property
by the Company and the Subsidiaries, and (ii) Liens for the payment of federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves
have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and the payment of which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property
and facilities held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with
which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in material compliance.

(p) Intellectual
Property. The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark applications,
service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights and similar rights
necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports and which the failure to
so have could have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights). None of, and neither
the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice (written or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual Property Rights has expired,
terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned, within two (2) years from the date of this Agreement.
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within the SEC
Reports, a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge that the Intellectual Property Rights violate or infringe upon the
rights of any Person, except as could not have or reasonably be expected to not have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the
Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable and there is no existing infringement by another Person of any of the
Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality
and value of all of their intellectual properties, except where failure to do so could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(q) Insurance.
The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in
such amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged, including, but not
limited to, directors and officers insurance coverage in such prudent and customary amounts. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has
any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain
similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business without a significant increase in cost.

17

(r) Transactions
with Affiliates and Employees. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, none of the officers or directors of the Company or any Subsidiary
and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to any transaction
with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract, agreement
or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from,
providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director or
such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial
interest or is an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000 other than for (i) payment
of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and (iii) other
employee benefits, including stock option agreements under any stock option plan of the Company.

(s) Sarbanes-Oxley;
Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance in all material respects with all applicable requirements
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that are effective as of the date hereof, and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the
Commission thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof and as of each Closing Date. The Company and the Subsidiaries maintain
a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance
with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with
managements general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets
at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. The Company and the Subsidiaries have established
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries and
designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it
files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commissions
rules and forms. The Companys certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures of
the Company and the Subsidiaries as of the end of the period covered by the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act
(such date, the Evaluation Date). The Company presented in its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange
Act the conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations
as of the Evaluation Date. Since the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in the internal control over financial reporting (as
such term is defined in the Exchange Act) of the Company and its Subsidiaries that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely
to materially affect, the internal control over financial reporting of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

(t) [Reserved].

18

(u) Private
Placement. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, no registration
under the Securities Act is required for the offer and sale of the Securities by the Company to the Purchasers as contemplated hereby.
The issuance and sale of the Securities hereunder does not contravene the rules and regulations of the Trading Market.

(v) Investment
Company. The Company is not required to be registered as, and, immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities, will not
be required to be registered as, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.
The Company shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become required to be registered as an investment company
subject to registration under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(w) Registration
Rights. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports and as contemplated by the Transaction Documents, no Person has any right to cause
the Company or any Subsidiary to effect the registration under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company or any Subsidiary.

(x) Listing
and Maintenance Requirements. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, and the Company
has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common
Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating such registration.
Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, the Company has not, in the 12 months preceding the date hereof, received notice from any Trading
Market on which the Common Stock is or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the listing
or maintenance requirements of such Trading Market. The Common Stock is currently eligible for electronic transfer through the Depository
Trust Company or another established clearing corporation and the Company is current in payment of the fees to the Depository Trust Company
(or such other established clearing corporation) in connection with such electronic transfer.

(y) Application
of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to render inapplicable
any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or other similar
anti-takeover provision under the Companys certificate of incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the laws of its state
of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the Purchasers as a result of the Purchasers and the Company fulfilling their
obligations or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents, including without limitation as a result of the Companys
issuance of the Securities and the Purchasers ownership of the Securities.

(z) Disclosure.
All of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchasers regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries, their respective
businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Disclosure Schedules to this Agreement, is true and correct and does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The press releases disseminated by the Company
during the twelve months preceding the date of this Agreement taken as a whole do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of
the circumstances under which they were made and when made, not misleading. The Company acknowledges and agrees that no Purchaser makes
or has made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically set
forth in Section 3.2 hereof.

19

(aa) No
Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, neither
the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or
sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Securities
to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of (i) the Securities Act which would require the registration of any
such securities under the Securities Act, or (ii) any applicable shareholder approval provisions of any Trading Market on which any of
the securities of the Company are listed or designated.

(bb) Solvency.
Based on the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the First Closing Date, after giving effect to the receipt by the
Company of the proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder, (i) the fair saleable value of the Companys assets exceeds
the amount that will be required to be paid on or in respect of the Companys existing debts and other liabilities (including known
contingent liabilities) as they mature, (ii) the Companys assets do not constitute unreasonably small capital to carry on its
business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted including its capital needs taking into account the particular capital requirements
of the business conducted by the Company, consolidated and projected capital requirements and capital availability thereof, and (iii)
the current cash flow of the Company, together with the proceeds the Company would receive, were it to liquidate all of its assets, after
taking into account all anticipated uses of the cash, would be sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of its liabilities when
such amounts are required to be paid. The Company does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature
(taking into account the timing and amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt). The SEC Reports set forth as of the
date hereof all outstanding secured and unsecured Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary, or for which the Company or any Subsidiary
has commitments. For the purposes of this Agreement, Indebtedness means (x) any liabilities for borrowed money or
amounts owed in excess of $100,000 (other than trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (y) all guaranties,
endorsements and other contingent obligations in respect of indebtedness of others, whether or not the same are or should be reflected
in the Companys consolidated balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable instruments
for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business; and (z) the present value of any lease payments
in excess of $100,000 due under leases required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is
in default with respect to any Indebtedness.

20

(cc) Tax
Status. Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all United States federal, state and local income and all
foreign income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has paid
all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns,
reports and declarations, except for taxes, if any, as are being contested in good faith and as to which adequate reserves have been
established by the Company and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material taxes for
periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material amount
claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary know of no basis
for any such claim.

(dd) No
General Solicitation. Neither the Company nor any Person acting on behalf of the Company has offered or sold any of the Securities
by any form of general solicitation or general advertising. The Company has offered the Securities for sale only to the Purchasers and
certain other accredited investors within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Securities Act.

(ee) Foreign
Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any agent or other
person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful contributions,
gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to
foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds,
(iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf of
which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA.

(ff) Accountants.
The Companys accounting firm is Grant Thornton LLP. To the knowledge and belief of the Company, such accounting firm (i) is a
registered public accounting firm as required by the Exchange Act and (ii) shall express its opinion with respect to the financial statements
to be included in the Companys Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024.

(gg) No
Disagreements with Accountants and Lawyers. There are no material disagreements of any kind presently existing, or reasonably
anticipated by the Company to arise, between the Company and the accountants and lawyers formerly or presently employed by the Company,
which would reasonably be expected to affect the Companys ability to perform any of its obligations under any of the Transaction
Documents, and the Company is current with respect to any fees owed to its accountants and lawyers.

21

(hh) Acknowledgment
Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each of the Purchasers is acting solely
in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby.
The Company further acknowledges that no Purchaser is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity)
with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by any Purchaser or any of their
respective representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby is merely
incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Shares. The Company further represents to each Purchaser that the Companys
decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the
transactions contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives.

(ii) Regulation
M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any action
designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale
or resale of any of the Securities or (ii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for
soliciting another to purchase any other securities of the Company.

(jj) Stock
Option Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company under the Companys stock option plan was granted (i) in accordance
with the terms of the Companys stock option plan and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the
Common Stock on the date such stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock option granted under the
Companys stock option plan has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no Company
policy or practice to knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of stock options with, the
release or other public announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results or
prospects.

(kk) Cybersecurity.
(i)(x) To the Companys knowledge, there has been no security breach or other compromise of or relating to any of the Companys
or any Subsidiarys information technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data (including the data of their
respective customers, employees, suppliers, vendors and any third party data maintained by or on behalf of it), equipment or technology
(collectively, IT Systems and Data) and (y) the Company and the Subsidiaries have not been notified of, and have
no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in, any security breach or other compromise to its
IT Systems and Data; (ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries are presently in compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments,
orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations
relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use,
access, misappropriation or modification, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; (iii)
the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented and maintained commercially reasonable safeguards to maintain and protect its material
confidential information and the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security of all IT Systems and Data; and (iv) the Company
and the Subsidiaries have implemented backup and disaster recovery technology consistent with customary industry standards and practices.

22

(ll) Office
of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, agent,
employee or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign
Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC).

(mm) U.S.
Real Property Holding Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within the meaning
of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

(nn) Bank
Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of
1956, as amended (the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal
Reserve). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly, five percent
(5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent or more of the total equity of a bank
or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or
Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and
to regulation by the Federal Reserve.

(oo) Money
Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable
financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, applicable
money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws),
and no Action or Proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company
or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened.

(pp)
No Disqualification Events. With respect to the Securities to be offered and sold hereunder in reliance on Rule 506 under the
Securities Act, none of the Company, any of its predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer, other officer of
the Company participating in the offering hereunder, any beneficial owner of 20% or more of the Companys outstanding voting equity
securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act)
connected with the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (each, an Issuer Covered Person and, together, Issuer
Covered Persons) is subject to any of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii)
under the Securities Act (a Disqualification Event), except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2)
or (d)(3). The Company has exercised reasonable care to determine whether any Issuer Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification
Event. The Company has complied, to the extent applicable, with its disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e), and has furnished to the
Purchasers a copy of any disclosures provided thereunder.

23

(qq) Other
Covered Persons. The Company is not aware of any person (other than any Issuer Covered Person) that has been or will be paid (directly
or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of purchasers in connection with the sale of any Shares.

(rr) Notice
of Disqualification Events. The Company will notify the Purchasers in writing, prior to the applicable Closing Date of (i) any Disqualification
Event relating to any Issuer Covered Person and (ii) any event that would, with the passage of time, become a Disqualification Event
relating to any Issuer Covered Person.

3.2 Representations
and Warranties of the Purchasers. Each Purchaser, for itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents and warrants as of the
date hereof and as of the applicable Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein, in which case they
shall be accurate as of such date):

(a) Organization;
Authority. Such Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and in good standing
under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited liability company
or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and otherwise
to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance by such
Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership,
limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to which it is a
party has been duly executed by such Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute
the valid and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited
by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application
affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance,
injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable
law.

(b) Own
Account. Such Purchaser understands that the Securities are restricted securities and have not been registered under
the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and not with
a view to or for distributing or reselling such Securities or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state
securities law, has no present intention of distributing any of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable
state securities law and has no direct or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the
distribution of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law (this representation and warranty
not limiting such Purchasers right to sell the Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement or otherwise in compliance with
applicable federal and state securities laws). Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities hereunder in the ordinary course of its business.

24

(c) Purchaser
Status. At the time such Purchaser was offered the Shares, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, it will be either: (i) an accredited
investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7), (a)(8), (a)(9), (a)(12), or (a)(13) under the Securities Act or
(ii) a qualified institutional buyer as defined in Rule 144A(a) under the Securities Act.

(d) Experience
of Such Purchaser. Such Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication and experience
in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the Securities,
and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Such Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the
Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

(e) General
Solicitation. Such Purchaser is not purchasing the Securities as a result of any advertisement, article, notice or other communication
regarding the Securities published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or presented at
any seminar or any other general solicitation or general advertisement.

(f) Access
to Information. Such Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review the Transaction Documents (including all exhibits
and schedules thereto) and the SEC Reports and has been afforded (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed necessary
of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the Securities
and the merits and risks of investing in the Securities; (ii) access to information about the Company and its financial condition, results
of operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the opportunity
to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that is necessary
to make an informed investment decision with respect to the investment.

(g) Certain
Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Purchaser has not, nor has
any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, directly or indirectly executed any purchases or
sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that such Purchaser first
received a term sheet (written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the material terms
of the transactions contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the
case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchasers
assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other
portions of such Purchasers assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets
managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement. Other than to
other Persons party to this Agreement or to such Purchasers representatives, including, without limitation, its officers, directors,
partners, legal and other advisors, employees, agents and Affiliates, such Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures
made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing,
for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect
to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

25

(h) Short
Sales. Each Purchaser represents and warrants to the Company that such Purchaser shall not engage in or effect, in any manner whatsoever,
directly or indirectly, any (i) short sale (as such term is defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO of the 1934 Act (as defined
herein)) of the Common Stock or (ii) hedging transaction, which establishes a net short position with respect to the Common Stock.

The
Company acknowledges and agrees that the representations contained in this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect such Purchasers
right to rely on the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties
contained in any other Transaction Document or any other document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement
or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

ARTICLE
IV.

OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1 Transfer
Restrictions.

(a) The
Securities may only be disposed of in compliance with state and federal securities laws. In connection with any transfer of Securities
other than pursuant to an effective registration statement, to the Company or to an Affiliate of a Purchaser or in connection with a
pledge as contemplated in Section 4.1(b), the Company may require the transferor thereof to provide to the Company an opinion of counsel
selected by the transferor and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the form and substance of which opinion shall be reasonably satisfactory
to the Company, to the effect that such transfer does not require registration of such transferred Securities under the Securities Act.
As a condition of transfer, any such transferee shall agree in writing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement and the Registration
Rights Agreement and shall have the rights and obligations of a Purchaser under this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement.

(b) The
Purchasers agree to the imprinting, so long as is required by this Section 4.1, of a legend on any of the Securities in substantially
the following form:

THIS
SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON
AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY
NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION
FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE
SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT WITH A REGISTERED BROKER-DEALER OR OTHER
LOAN WITH A FINANCIAL INSTITUTION THAT IS AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR
OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

26

The
Company acknowledges and agrees that a Purchaser may from time to time pledge pursuant to a bona fide margin agreement with a registered
broker-dealer or grant a security interest in some or all of the Securities to a financial institution that is an accredited investor
as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act and, if required under the terms of such arrangement, such Purchaser may transfer
pledged or secured Securities to the pledgees or secured parties. Such a pledge or transfer would not be subject to approval of the Company
and no legal opinion of legal counsel of the pledgee, secured party or pledgor shall be required in connection therewith. Further, no
notice shall be required of such pledge. At the appropriate Purchasers expense, the Company will execute and deliver such reasonable
documentation as a pledgee or secured party of Securities may reasonably request in connection with a pledge or transfer of the Securities,
including, if the Securities are subject to registration pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the preparation and filing of
any required prospectus supplement under Rule 424(b)(3) under the Securities Act or other applicable provision of the Securities Act
to appropriately amend the list of Selling Stockholders (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) thereunder.

(c) Certificates
evidencing the Shares and held by non-Affiliates of the Company shall not contain any legend (including the legend set forth in Section
4.1(b) hereof), (i) while a registration statement (including the Registration Statement) covering the resale of such security is effective
under the Securities Act, (ii) following any sale of such Shares pursuant to Rule 144, (iii) if such Shares are eligible for sale under
Rule 144 without the need to comply with the current information requirement contained in Rule 144(c), or (iv) if such legend is not
required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff
of the Commission). The Company shall cause its counsel to issue a legal opinion to the Transfer Agent or the Purchaser if required by
the Transfer Agent to effect the removal of the legend hereunder, or if requested by a Purchaser, respectively. The Company agrees that
at such time as such legend is no longer required under this Section 4.1(c), it will, no later than the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading
Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined below) following the delivery by a Purchaser
to the Company or the Transfer Agent of a certificate representing Shares, as the case may be, issued with a restrictive legend, together
with customary representation letters duly executed by such Purchaser (such date, the Legend Removal Date), deliver
or cause to be delivered to such Purchaser a certificate (or book entry with the Transfer Agent) representing such shares that is free
from all restrictive and other legends. The Company may not make any notation on its records or give instructions to the Transfer Agent
that enlarge the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Section 4. Certificates for Shares subject to legend removal hereunder shall
be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Purchaser by crediting the account of the Purchasers prime broker with the Depository
Trust Company System as directed by such Purchaser. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard
settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock
as in effect on the date of delivery of a certificate representing Shares issued with a restrictive legend.

27

(d) [Reserved.]

(e) Each
Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, agrees with the Company that such Purchaser will sell any Securities
pursuant to either the registration requirements of the Securities Act, including any applicable prospectus delivery requirements, or
an exemption therefrom, and that if Securities are sold pursuant to the Registration Statement, they will be sold in compliance with
the plan of distribution set forth therein, and acknowledges that the removal of the restrictive legend from certificates representing
Securities as set forth in this Section 4.1 is predicated upon the Companys reliance upon this understanding.

4.2 Furnishing
of Information. Until no Purchaser owns Securities, the Company covenants to use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the
registration of the Common Stock under Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act and to use commercially reasonable efforts to file
all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act even if the Company is not then subject
to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act.

4.3 Integration.
The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in
Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities in a manner that would require the
registration under the Securities Act of the sale of the Securities or that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities
for purposes of the rules and regulations of any Trading Market such that it would require shareholder approval prior to the closing
of such other transaction unless shareholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.

4.4 Securities
Laws Disclosure; Publicity. The Company shall (a) on the First Closing Date, or if the First Closing shall have occurred subsequent
to 4:00 p.m. Eastern time on the First Closing Date, on the Trading Day immediately following the First Closing Date, issue a press release
disclosing the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby, and (b) file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including copies of
the Transaction Documents (or the forms thereof) as exhibits thereto, with the Commission within the time required by the Exchange Act.
From and after the issuance of such press release, the Company represents to the Purchasers that it shall have publicly disclosed all
material, non-public information delivered to any of the Purchasers by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective
officers, directors, employees or agents in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The Company and
each Purchaser shall consult with each other in issuing any other press releases with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby,
and neither the Company nor any Purchaser shall issue any such press release nor otherwise make any such public statement without the
prior consent of the Company, with respect to any press release of any Purchaser, or without the prior consent of each Purchaser, with
respect to any press release of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure is
required by law, in which case the disclosing party shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement
or communication. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of any Purchaser, or include the name
of any Purchaser in any filing with the Commission or any regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the prior written consent of such
Purchaser, except (a) as required by federal securities law in connection with (i) the Registration Statement and (ii) the filing of
final Transaction Documents (or disclosure with respect thereto) with the Commission and (b) to the extent such disclosure is required
by law or Trading Market regulations, in which case the Company shall provide the Purchasers with prior notice of such disclosure permitted
under this clause (b).

28

4.5 Shareholder
Rights Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person, that any Purchaser
is an Acquiring Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution
under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by the Company, or that any Purchaser
could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving Securities under the Transaction Documents
or under any other agreement between the Company and the Purchasers.

4.6 Non-Public
Information. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents
and any material non-public information set forth on the Disclosure Schedules, which material terms and conditions and material non-public
information shall be disclosed pursuant to Section 4.4, the Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other Person acting
on its behalf will provide any Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably believes
constitutes, material non-public information in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, unless prior
thereto such Purchaser shall have consented to the receipt of such information and agreed with the Company to keep such information confidential.
The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities
of the Company. To the extent that the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees
or Affiliates delivers any material, non-public information to a Purchaser without such Purchasers consent in contravention of
this Section 4.6, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that such Purchaser shall not have any duty of confidentiality to the Company,
any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates, or a duty to the Company, any
of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates not to trade on the basis of, such
material, non-public information, provided that the Purchaser shall remain subject to applicable law. To the extent that any notice provided
pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries,
the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Company understands
and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.

4.7 Use
of Proceeds. The Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the Securities at the Closings hereunder for working capital
and general corporate purposes and shall not use such proceeds: (a) for the satisfaction of any portion of the Companys debt (other
than payment of trade payables in the ordinary course of the Companys business and prior practices), (b) for the redemption of
any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, (c) for the settlement of any outstanding litigation or (d) in violation of FCPA or OFAC
regulations.

29

4.8 Indemnification
of Purchasers. Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.8, the Company will indemnify and hold each Purchaser and its directors,
officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person
holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls such Purchaser (within the meaning
of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders, agents, members,
partners or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack
of such title or any other title) of such controlling persons (each, a Purchaser Party) harmless from any and all
losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in settlements,
court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or incur as a result
of or relating to (a) any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company in this Agreement
or in the other Transaction Documents or (b) any action instituted against the Purchaser Parties in any capacity, or any of them or their
respective Affiliates, by any stockholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of such Purchaser Party, with respect to any of the
transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (unless such action is solely based upon a material breach of such Purchaser Partys
representations, warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings such Purchaser Party may
have with any such stockholder or any violations by such Purchaser Party of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by such Purchaser
Party which is finally judicially determined to constitute fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct). If any action shall be brought
against any Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Purchaser Party shall promptly
notify the Company in writing, and the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing reasonably
acceptable to the Purchaser Party. Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate
in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Purchaser Party except to the extent
that (i) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized by the Company in writing, (ii) the Company has failed after a reasonable
period of time to assume such defense and to employ counsel or (iii) in such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel, a
material conflict on any material issue between the position of the Company and the position of such Purchaser Party, in which case the
Company shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one such separate counsel. The Company will not be
liable to any Purchaser Party under this Agreement (y) for any settlement by a Purchaser Party effected without the Companys prior
written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (z) to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss, claim,
damage or liability is attributable to any Purchaser Partys breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements
made by such Purchaser Party in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents. The indemnification required by this Section 4.8
shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received
or are incurred. The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to any cause of action or similar right of any Purchaser
Party against the Company or others and any liabilities the Company may be subject to pursuant to law.

4.9 [Reserved].

30

4.10 Listing
of Common Stock. The Company hereby agrees to use reasonable best efforts to maintain the listing or quotation of the Common Stock
on the Trading Market on which it is currently listed, and concurrently with each Closing, the Company shall file a Listing of Additional
Shares Notification Form with the Principal Market for the Shares and the Warrant Shares to be sold at such Closing. The Company further
agrees, if the Company applies to have the Common Stock traded on any other Trading Market, it will then include in such application
all of such Shares and Warrant Shares issued and outstanding as of such date, and will take such other action as is necessary to cause
all such Shares and Shares to be listed or quoted on such other Trading Market as promptly as possible. The Company will then take all
action reasonably necessary to continue the listing and trading of its Common Stock on a Trading Market and will comply in all material
respects with the Companys reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Trading Market. The Company
agrees to use reasonable best efforts to maintain the eligibility of the Common Stock for electronic transfer through the Depository
Trust Company or another established clearing corporation, including, without limitation, by timely payment of fees to the Depository
Trust Company or such other established clearing corporation in connection with such electronic transfer.

4.11 Subsequent
Sales of Securities. From the date hereof until ninety days after the earlier of the (a) Subsequent Closing Date or (b) Stockholder
Meeting Outside Date, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall (i) issue, enter into any agreement to issue or announce the issuance
or proposed issuance of any equity or debt securities, other than the Securities or an Exempt Issuance, or (ii) file any registration
statement or amendment or supplement thereto, other than filing (A) the Registration Statement and any amendments or supplements thereto
and (B) a registration statement on Form S-8 in connection with any employee benefit plan

4.12 Equal
Treatment of Purchasers. No consideration (including any modification of this Agreement) shall be offered or paid to any Person to
amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of this Agreement unless the same consideration is also offered to all
of the parties to this Agreement. For clarification purposes, this provision constitutes a separate right granted to each Purchaser by
the Company and negotiated separately by each Purchaser, and is intended for the Company to treat the Purchasers as a class and shall
not in any way be construed as the Purchasers acting in concert or as a group with respect to the purchase, disposition or voting of
Securities or otherwise.

4.13 Certain
Transactions and Confidentiality. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that neither it,
nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales, including Short
Sales, of any of the Companys securities during the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at such
time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described
in Section 4.4. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that until such time as the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4,
such Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction and the information included in the Disclosure
Schedules.

31

4.14 Form
D; Blue Sky Filings. The Company agrees to timely file a Form D with respect to the Securities as required under Regulation D and
to electronically provide a copy thereof, promptly upon request of any Purchaser. The Company shall take such action as the Company shall
reasonably determine is necessary in order to obtain an exemption for, or to qualify the Securities for, sale to the Purchasers at each
Closing under applicable securities or Blue Sky laws of the states of the United States, and shall provide evidence of
such actions promptly upon request of any Purchaser.

4.15 Acknowledgment
of Dilution. The Company acknowledges that the issuance of the Securities may result in dilution of the outstanding shares of Common
Stock, which dilution may be substantial under certain market conditions. The Company further acknowledges that its obligations under
the Transaction Documents, including, without limitation, its obligation to issue the Shares and the Shares pursuant to the Transaction
Documents, are unconditional (except with respect to the conditions to the Companys obligations as set forth in Section 2.3(a)
of this Agreement) and absolute and not subject to any right of set off, counterclaim, delay or reduction, regardless of the effect of
any such dilution or any claim the Company may have against any Purchaser and regardless of the dilutive effect that such issuance may
have on the ownership of the other stockholders of the Company.

4.16 Stockholder
Approval.

(a) The
Company shall provide each stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders of the Company (the Stockholder Meeting),
which shall be held as soon as reasonably possible following the mailing of the proxy statement to the stockholders of the Company in
respect thereof (the Proxy Statement), but not later than the later of (i) June 30, 2025 or, (ii) if the Commission notifies
the Company that it will review the preliminary Proxy Statement, July 30, 2025 (the Stockholder Meeting Outside Date),
a copy of the Proxy Statement, at the expense of the Company, soliciting each such stockholders affirmative vote at the Stockholder
Meeting for approval of (i) a proposal providing for issuance of the Subsequent Closing Shares and Subsequent Closing Pre-Funded Warrants
(if any) and (ii) if not previously obtained by the Company, a proposal providing for a reverse split of the Common Stock at a ratio
of 1-for-10 to 1-for-15, with the ratio at which the reverse split would be effected to be a ratio within such range to be determined
at the discretion of the Companys Board of Directors, and (iii) such other matters relating thereto as the Purchasers may reasonably
request, in each case in compliance with the rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC, the Companys certificate of
incorporation and bylaws, and applicable law (collectively, the Stockholder Approval, and the date the Stockholder Approval
is obtained, the Stockholder Approval Date). As reasonably promptly as practicable after execution of this Agreement, the
Company shall, in consultation with the Purchasers with respect to the Stockholder Approval, prepare and file with the Commission, the
preliminary Proxy Statement and related proxy materials in compliance with Section 14 of the Exchange Act. As reasonably promptly as
practicable after comments, if any, are received from the Commission thereon and after the furnishing by the Company and the Purchasers
of all information required to be contained therein, the Company shall, in consultation with the Purchasers with respect to comments
related to the Stockholder Approval, prepare and the Company shall file any required amendments to the Proxy Statement with the Commission.
The Company shall notify the Purchasers reasonably promptly of the receipt of any comments from the Commission or its staff and of any
request by the Commission or its staff for amendments or supplements to the Proxy Statement or for additional information and shall supply
the Purchasers with copies of all correspondence between the Company or any of its representatives, on the one hand, and the Commission
or its staff, on the other hand, with respect to the Proxy Statement. The Company shall use its best efforts to resolve any comments
received by the Commission and, if the Proxy Statement is subject to the Commissions review, have the Proxy Statement cleared
by the Commission and shall thereafter mail to the stockholders of the Company as reasonably promptly as possible the Proxy Statement
and all other proxy materials for the Stockholder Meeting.

32

(b)
In connection with the Stockholder Meeting and any adjournment or postponement thereof, (i) the Board of Directors shall recommend that
its stockholders vote in favor of all matters submitted to stockholders at such meeting and (ii) neither the Board of Directors nor any
committee thereof shall withdraw or modify, or propose or resolve to withdraw or modify in a manner adverse to the Purchasers, such recommendation.
The Company shall take all lawful action to solicit from the stockholders of the Company proxies in favor of the Stockholder Approval
and take all other action reasonably necessary or advisable to secure the vote or consent of the stockholders that are required by the
rules of Nasdaq Stock Market LLC and applicable law, including, if necessary or appropriate or if requested by the Purchasers, adjourning
the Stockholder Meeting to solicit additional proxies. For the avoidance of doubt, if requested by the Purchasers and subject to compliance
with applicable law, the Company shall adjourn or postpone the Stockholder Meeting, but no later than three Business Days prior to Stockholder
Meeting Outside Date, if necessary to solicit additional proxies to allow for the matters subject to Stockholder Approval to be duly
adopted and approved by the stockholders of the Company.

4.17 Voting
Agreement. Each Purchaser agrees to vote all shares of Common Stock registered in its name or beneficially owned by it as of the
date hereof and any and all other securities of the Company legally or beneficially acquired by it after the date hereof (other than
the First Closing Shares) at the Stockholder Meeting in favor of the Stockholder Approval (i.e., the proposal providing for issuance
of the Subsequent Closing Shares and Subsequent Closing Pre-Funded Warrants (if any) in compliance with the rules and regulations of
the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC). In the event that such Purchaser fails to vote the shares it is entitled to vote in the manner set forth
above, such Purchaser shall be deemed immediately upon the existence of such breach to have appointed the Chief Executive Officer of
the Company, with full power of substitution, as the proxy of such Purchaser with respect to the matters set forth herein, and hereby
authorizes and directs such proxy to represent and vote such Purchasers shares to ensure that such shares will be voted as set
forth herein. Each Purchaser acknowledges that each proxy granted hereby, including any successive proxy if need be, is given to secure
the performance of a duty, is coupled with an interest, and shall be irrevocable until the duty is performed. Each Purchaser hereby revokes
any and all previous proxies with respect to the shares of the Companys voting capital stock as it relates to the Stockholder
Meeting. Each Purchaser agrees not to grant any proxy with respect to such shares of Common Stock or enter into or agree to be bound
by any voting trust agreement or other arrangement of any kind that is inconsistent with the provisions of this Agreement. Notwithstanding
the foregoing and for clarity, no votes in respect of the First Closing Shares or any First Closing Warrant Shares then outstanding shall
be counted for purposes of determining if the Stockholder Approval has been obtained pursuant to the rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market
LLC.

33

ARTICLE
V.

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1 Termination.
This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchasers obligations hereunder only and without any effect whatsoever
on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other parties, if the First Closing has not
been consummated on or before the fifth (5th) Trading Day following the date hereof, or if the Subsequent Closing has not
been consummated on or before the fifth (5th) Stockholder Meeting Outside Date; provided, however, that no such
termination will affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties).

5.2 Fees
and Expenses. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and expenses
of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the negotiation,
preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement; provided that the Company shall reimburse Purchasers legal
counsel for fees and expenses of $75,000, of which $37,500 shall be paid concurrently with the signing of this Agreement and $37,500
shall be paid at the Subsequent Closing. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including, without limitation, any fees required
for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company and any exercise notice delivered by a Purchaser), stamp taxes
and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the Purchasers (excluding any successors or assigns
thereof).

5.3 Entire
Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, contain the entire understanding of the parties
with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect
to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules.

5.4 Notices.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall
be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile
at the facsimile number or email at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New
York City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered
via facsimile at the facsimile number or email at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that
is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2nd) Trading Day following
the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom
such notice is required to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached
hereto.

34

5.5 Amendments;
Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed, in
the case of an amendment, by the Company and Purchasers which purchased at least 50.1% in interest of the Shares based on the Subscription
Amount hereunder (or, prior to the First Closing, the Company and each Purchaser) or, in the case of a waiver, by the party against whom
enforcement of any such waived provision is sought, provided that if any amendment, modification or waiver disproportionately and adversely
impacts a Purchaser (or group of Purchasers), the consent of at least 50.1% in interest (based on the Subscription Amount hereunder)
of such disproportionately impacted Purchaser (or group of Purchasers) shall also be required. No waiver of any default with respect
to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any
subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party
to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right. Any proposed amendment or waiver that disproportionately,
materially and adversely affects the rights and obligations of any Purchaser relative to the comparable rights and obligations of the
other Purchasers shall require the prior written consent of such adversely affected Purchaser. Any amendment effected in accordance with
this Section 5.5 shall be binding upon each Purchaser and holder of Securities and the Company.

5.6 Headings.
The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any
of the provisions hereof.

5.7 Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective successors and permitted
assigns. The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Purchaser
(other than by merger). Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom such Purchaser assigns
or transfers any Securities in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the applicable Securities, provided that such transferee
agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred Securities, by the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply
to the Purchasers.

5.8 No
Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted
assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person.

5.9 Governing
Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be governed
by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts
of law thereof that would result in the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of New York. Each party agrees
that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders,
partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York.
Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York,
Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby
or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and
agrees not to assert in any Action or Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court,
that such Action or Proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such Proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal
service of process and consents to process being served in any such Action or Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or
certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this
Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained
herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If any party shall commence
an Action or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of the Company under
Section 4.8, the prevailing party in such Action or Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the non-prevailing party for its reasonable attorneys
fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such Action or Proceeding.

35

5.10 Survival.
The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closings and the delivery of the Securities.

5.11 Execution.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement
and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party, it being understood that
the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by electronic signature (including via DocuSign),
facsimile transmission or by e-mail delivery of a .pdf (or similar) format data file, such signature shall create a valid
and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such
electronic , facsimile or .pdf (or similar) signature page were an original thereof.

5.12 Severability.
If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal,
void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force
and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts
to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision,
covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining
terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or
unenforceable.

5.13 Rescission
and Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions of) any
of the other Transaction Documents, whenever any Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction Document
and the Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then such Purchaser may rescind
or withdraw, in its sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election in
whole or in part without prejudice to its future actions and rights.

5.14 Replacement
of Securities. If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall
issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation), or in lieu of
and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company
of such loss, theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also pay any reasonable
third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities.

36

5.15 Remedies.
In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, each of the Purchasers
and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary damages may
not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction Documents and
hereby agree to waive and not to assert in any Action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at law
would be adequate.

5.16 Payment
Set Aside. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document or a
Purchaser enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or
any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by or
are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including,
without limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such
restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect
as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

5.17 Independent
Nature of Purchasers Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document are several
and not joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance or non-performance
of the obligations of any other Purchaser under any Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or in any other Transaction Document,
and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as a partnership, an association,
a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers are in any way acting in concert or as a group
with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each Purchaser shall be entitled to independently
protect and enforce its rights including, without limitation, the rights arising out of this Agreement or out of the other Transaction
Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional party in any Proceeding for such purpose.
Each Purchaser has been represented by its own separate legal counsel in its review and negotiation of the Transaction Documents. The
Company has elected to provide all Purchasers with the same terms and Transaction Documents for the convenience of the Company and not
because it was required or requested to do so by any of the Purchasers. It is expressly understood and agreed that each provision contained
in this Agreement and in each other Transaction Document is between the Company and a Purchaser, solely, and not between the Company
and the Purchasers collectively and not between and among the Purchasers.

5.18 [Reserved.]

5.19 Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted
herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

37

5.20 Construction.
The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise the Transaction Documents
and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall
not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each and every reference to
share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits,
stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement.

5.21 WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY, THE PARTIES
EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY
AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY.

(Signature
Pages Follow)

38

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized
signatories as of the date first indicated above.

ERNEXA THERAPEUTICS
INC. Address for Notice:

By: /s/ Sanjeev Luther Email:

Name: Sanjeev Luther Sandra.Gurrola@eternatx.com

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer 

With a copy to (which shall not constitute
notice): 

Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP 

1185 Avenue of the Americas, 31st Floor 

New York, NY 10036 

Attention: Marc Ross and David Manno 

[REMAINDER
OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

SIGNATURE
PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]

39

[PURCHASER
SIGNATURE PAGES TO SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories
as of the date first indicated above.

Name
of Purchaser: ________________________________________________________

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser: __________________________________

Name
of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________________

Title
of Authorized Signatory: _____________________________________________________

Email
Address of Authorized Signatory: ______________________________________________

Address
for Notice to Purchaser:

Address
for Delivery of Securities to Purchaser (if not same as address for notice):

Subscription
Amount: $__________________________________

Election
to receive Pre-Funded Warrants: Yes No 

Beneficial
Ownership Limitation: 4.99% 9.99% 

EIN
Number: _______________________

[SIGNATURE
PAGES CONTINUE]

40

Disclosure
Schedules to Securities Purchase Agreement, dated March 31, 2025 between Ernexa Therapeutics Inc. and Purchasers

3.1(d)
Upon the First Closing, the Conversion Rate under the Companys Series A Preferred Stock will adjust in accordance with Section
5 of Article IV of the Companys Restated Certificate of Incorporation.

3.1(g)
None.

Exhibit
A

[Form
of Pre-Funded Warrant Attached]

Exhibit
B

[Form
of Registration Rights Agreement Attached]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.2

REGISTRATION
RIGHTS AGREEMENT

This
Registration Rights Agreement (this Agreement) is made and entered into as of March 31, 2025, between Ernexa
Therapeutics Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and each of the purchasers signatory hereto (each such
purchaser, a Purchaser and, collectively, the Purchasers).

This
Agreement is made pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2025, between the Company and each Purchaser (the
Purchase Agreement).

The
Company and each Purchaser hereby agrees as follows:

1. Definitions.

Capitalized
terms used and not otherwise defined herein that are defined in the Purchase Agreement shall have the meanings given such terms in the
Purchase Agreement. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Additional
Registration Statement means the additional Registration Statement required to be filed pursuant to Section 2(a) to cover
the resale of the Registrable Securities issued on the Subsequent Closing Date.

Advice
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(b).

Effectiveness
Date means, (A) with respect to the Initial Registration Statement required to be filed hereunder, the 45th calendar day following
the applicable Filing Date (or, in the event of a full review by the Commission, the 60th calendar day following the applicable
Filing Date), (B) with respect to the Additional Registration Statement required to be filed hereunder, the 30th calendar day following
the applicable Filing Date (or, in the event of a full review by the Commission, the 60th calendar day following the applicable
Filing Date), and (C) with respect to any additional Registration Statements which may be required pursuant to Section 2(c) or Section
3(c), the 30th calendar day following the date on which an additional Registration Statement is required to be filed hereunder (or, in
the event of a full review by the Commission, the 60th calendar day following the date such additional Registration Statement
is required to be filed hereunder); provided, however, that in the event the Company is notified by the Commission that
one or more of the above Registration Statements will not be reviewed or is no longer subject to further review and comments, the Effectiveness
Date as to such Registration Statement shall be the fifth Trading Day following the date on which the Company is so notified if such
date precedes the dates otherwise required above, provided, further, if such Effectiveness Date falls on a day that is not a Trading
Day, then the Effectiveness Date shall be the next succeeding Trading Day.

Effectiveness
Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(a).

Filing
Date means, (i) with respect to the Initial Registration Statement required hereunder, on or prior to the 15th
calendar day following the First Closing Date, (ii) with respect to the Additional Registration Statement, on or prior to the 10th
calendar day following the Subsequent Closing Date, and (iii) with respect to any additional Registration Statements which may
be required pursuant to Section 2(c) or Section 3(c), the earliest practical date on which the Company is permitted by SEC Guidance to
file such additional Registration Statement related to the Registrable Securities.

Holder
or Holders means the holder or holders, as the case may be, from time to time of Registrable Securities.

Indemnified
Party shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(c).

Indemnifying
Party shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(c).

Initial
Registration Statement means the initial Registration Statement filed pursuant to this Agreement.

Losses
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(a).

Plan
of Distribution shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(a).

Prospectus
means the prospectus included in a Registration Statement (including, without limitation, a prospectus that includes any information
previously omitted from a prospectus filed as part of an effective registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A promulgated by the
Commission pursuant to the Securities Act), as amended or supplemented by any prospectus supplement, with respect to the terms of the
offering of any portion of the Registrable Securities covered by a Registration Statement, and all other amendments and supplements to
the Prospectus, including post-effective amendments, and all material incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference
in such Prospectus.

Registrable
Securities means, as of any date of determination, (a) all Shares owned by the Holders at such time, (b) all shares then issued
or issuable upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants owned by the Holders at such time (assuming on such date the Pre-Funded Warrants
are able to be exercised in full without regard to any exercise limitations therein), and (c) any securities issued or then issuable
upon any stock split, dividend or other distribution, recapitalization or similar event with respect to the foregoing; provided, however,
that any such Registrable Securities shall cease to be Registrable Securities (and the Company shall not be required to maintain the
effectiveness of any, or file another, Registration Statement hereunder with respect thereto) for so long as (a) a Registration Statement
with respect to the sale of such Registrable Securities is declared effective by the Commission under the Securities Act and such Registrable
Securities have been disposed of by the Holder in accordance with such effective Registration Statement, (b) such Registrable Securities
have been previously sold in accordance with Rule 144, or (c) such securities become eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale
restrictions and without current public information pursuant to Rule 144 as set forth in a written opinion letter to such effect, addressed,
delivered and acceptable to the Transfer Agent and the affected Holders (assuming that such securities and any securities issuable upon
exercise, conversion or exchange of which, or as a dividend upon which, such securities were issued or are issuable, were at no time
held by any Affiliate of the Company), as reasonably determined by the Company, upon the advice of counsel to the Company.

2

Registration
Statement means any registration statement required to be filed hereunder pursuant to Section 2(a) and any additional registration
statements contemplated by Section 2(c) or Section 3(c) (in each case with respect to the Registrable Securities), including (in each
case) the Prospectus, amendments and supplements to any such registration statement or Prospectus, including pre- and post-effective
amendments, all exhibits thereto, and all material incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference in any such registration
statement.

Rule
415 means Rule 415 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

Rule
424 means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

Selling
Stockholder Questionnaire shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(a).

SEC
Guidance means (i) any publicly-available written or oral guidance of the Commission staff, or any comments, requirements
or requests of the Commission staff and (ii) the Securities Act.

2. Shelf Registration.

(a)
On or prior to each Filing Date, the Company shall prepare and file with the Commission the Initial Registration Statement and the Additional
Registration Statement, each covering the resale of all of the Registrable Securities as of such Filing Date that are not then registered
on an effective Registration Statement for an offering to be made on a continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415. Each Registration Statement
filed hereunder shall be on Form S-3 and shall contain (unless otherwise directed by at least 85% in interest of the Holders) the Plan
of Distribution substantially in the form attached hereto as Annex A and the Selling Stockholder
section substantially in the form attached hereto as Annex B; provided, however, that no Holder shall be required
to be named as an underwriter without such Holders express prior written consent. Subject to the terms of this Agreement,
the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause a Registration Statement filed under this Agreement (including, without limitation,
under Section 3(c)) to be declared effective under the Securities Act as promptly as possible after the filing thereof, but in any event
no later than the applicable Effectiveness Date, and shall use its reasonable best efforts to keep such Registration Statement continuously
effective under the Securities Act until the date that all Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement (i) have been
sold, thereunder or pursuant to Rule 144, or (ii) may be sold without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions pursuant to Rule 144 and
without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information requirement under Rule 144, as determined
by the counsel to the Company pursuant to a written opinion letter to such effect, addressed and acceptable to the Transfer Agent and
the affected Holders (the Effectiveness Period). The Company shall notify the Holders via facsimile or by e-mail
of the effectiveness of a Registration Statement on the same Trading Day that the Company telephonically confirms effectiveness with
the Commission, which shall be the date requested for effectiveness of such Registration Statement. The Company shall, by 9:30 a.m. (New
York City time) on the Trading Day after the effective date of such Registration Statement, file a final Prospectus with the Commission
as required by Rule 424.

(b)
Notwithstanding the registration obligations set forth in Section 2(a), if the Commission informs the Company that (i) all of the Registrable
Securities cannot, as a result of the application of Rule 415, be registered for resale as a secondary offering on a single registration
statement, or (ii) the Subsequent Closing Shares have not been issued prior to the Effectiveness Date, the Company agrees to promptly
inform each of the Holders thereof and use its commercially reasonable efforts to file amendments to the applicable Registration Statement
as required by the Commission, covering the maximum number of Registrable Securities permitted to be registered by the Commission, on
Form S-3, subject to the provisions of Section 2(d); provided, however, that, in the case of clause (i), prior to filing
such amendment, the Company shall be obligated to use diligent efforts to advocate with the Commission for the registration of all of
the Registrable Securities in accordance with the SEC Guidance, including without limitation, Compliance and Disclosure Interpretation
612.09.

3

(c)
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if the Commission or any SEC Guidance sets forth a limitation on the number of
Registrable Securities permitted to be registered on a particular Registration Statement as a secondary offering (and notwithstanding
that the Company used diligent efforts to advocate with the Commission for the registration of all or a greater portion of Registrable
Securities), unless otherwise directed in writing by a Holder as to its Registrable Securities, the number of Registrable Securities
to be registered on such Registration Statement will be reduced, subject to any written contractual registration rights of other stockholders
of the Company as of the date hereof, as follows:

a. First,
the Company shall reduce or eliminate any securities to be included other than Registrable
Securities; and

b. Second,
the Company shall reduce Registrable Securities represented by the Shares (applied, in the
case that some Shares may be registered, to the Holders on a pro rata basis based on the
total number of unregistered Shares held by such Holders).

In
the event of a cutback hereunder, the Company shall give each Holder at least five Trading Days prior written notice along with the calculations
as to such Holders allotment of Registrable Securities to be registered on such Registration Statement. In the event the Company
amends the Initial Registration Statement in accordance with the foregoing, the Company will use its reasonable best efforts to file
with the Commission, as promptly as allowed by Commission or SEC Guidance provided to the Company or to registrants of securities in
general, one or more registration statements on Form S-3 to register for resale those Registrable Securities that were not registered
for resale on the Initial Registration Statement, as amended.

(d)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if Form S-3 is not available for the registration of the resale of Registrable
Securities hereunder, then the Company shall register the resale of the Registrable Securities on Form S-1 or any other applicable form.

(e)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, in no event shall the Company be permitted to name any Holder or affiliate
of a Holder as any underwriter without the prior written consent of such Holder.

3. Registration Procedures.

In
connection with the Companys registration obligations hereunder, the Company shall:

(a)
Not less than five Trading Days prior to the filing of each Registration Statement (except with respect to the Additional Registration
Statement, in which case such period will be one Trading Day) and not less than one Trading Day prior to the filing of any related Prospectus
or any amendment or supplement thereto (excluding any Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and Current Report on
Form 8-K, including any amendment thereto and any similar or successor reports) or any prospectus supplements filed pursuant to Rule
424 in order to update the Registration Statement in connection with the filing of such periodic and current reports) including any document
that would be incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference), the Company shall (i) furnish to each Holder copies of
all such documents proposed to be filed, which documents (other than those incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference) will
be subject to the review of such Holders, and (ii) cause its officers, directors, counsel and independent registered public accountants
to respond to such inquiries as shall be necessary, in the reasonable opinion of respective counsel to each Holder, to conduct a reasonable
investigation within the meaning of the Securities Act. The Company shall not file a Registration Statement or any such Prospectus or
any amendments or supplements thereto to which the Holders of a majority of the Registrable Securities shall reasonably object in good
faith, provided that, the Company is notified of such objection in writing no later than five Trading Days after the Holders have been
so furnished copies of a Registration Statement (except with respect to the Additional Registration Statement, in which case such period
will be one Trading Day) or one Trading Day after the Holders have been so furnished copies of any related Prospectus or amendments or
supplements thereto. Each Holder agrees to furnish to the Company a completed questionnaire in the form attached to this Agreement as
Annex C (a Selling Stockholder Questionnaire) on a date that is not less than two Trading Days prior to the
applicable Filing Date or by the end of the fourth Trading Day following the date on which such Holder receives draft materials in accordance
with this Section 3.3(a).

4

(b)
(i) Prepare and file with the Commission such amendments, including post-effective amendments, to a Registration Statement and the Prospectus
used in connection therewith as may be necessary to keep a Registration Statement continuously effective as to the applicable Registrable
Securities for the Effectiveness Period and prepare and file with the Commission such additional Registration Statements in order to
register for resale under the Securities Act all of the Registrable Securities, (ii) cause the related Prospectus to be amended or supplemented
by any required Prospectus supplement (subject to the terms of this Agreement), and, as so supplemented or amended, to be filed pursuant
to Rule 424, (iii) respond as promptly as reasonably possible to any comments received from the Commission with respect to a Registration
Statement or any amendment thereto and provide as promptly as reasonably possible to the Holders true and complete copies of all correspondence
from and to the Commission relating to a Registration Statement (provided that, the Company shall excise any information contained therein
which would constitute material non-public information regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries), and (iv) comply in all material
respects with the applicable provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act with respect to the disposition of all Registrable
Securities covered by a Registration Statement during the applicable period in accordance (subject to the terms of this Agreement) with
the intended methods of disposition by the Holders thereof set forth in such Registration Statement as so amended or in such Prospectus
as so supplemented.

(c)
If during the Effectiveness Period, the number of Registrable Securities at any time exceeds 100% of the number of shares of Common Stock
then registered in a Registration Statement, then the Company shall file as soon as reasonably practicable, but in any case prior to
the applicable Filing Date, an additional Registration Statement covering the resale by the Holders of not less than the number of such
Registrable Securities.

(d)
Notify the Holders of Registrable Securities to be sold (which notice shall, pursuant to clauses (iii) through (vi) hereof, be accompanied
by an instruction to suspend the use of the Prospectus until the requisite changes have been made) as promptly as reasonably possible
(and in the case of (i)(A) below, not less than one Trading Day prior to such filing) and (if requested by any such Person) confirm such
notice in writing no later than one Trading Day following the day (i)(A) when a Prospectus or any Prospectus supplement or post-effective
amendment to a Registration Statement is proposed to be filed, (B) when the Commission notifies the Company whether there will be a review
of such Registration Statement and whenever the Commission comments in writing on such Registration Statement, and (C) with respect to
a Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment, when the same has become effective, (ii) of any request by the Commission or
any other federal or state governmental authority for amendments or supplements to a Registration Statement or Prospectus or for additional
information, (iii) of the issuance by the Commission or any other federal or state governmental authority of any stop order suspending
the effectiveness of a Registration Statement covering any or all of the Registrable Securities or the initiation of any Proceedings
for that purpose, (iv) of the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification or exemption
from qualification of any of the Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction, or the initiation or threatening of any Proceeding
for such purpose, (v) of the occurrence of any event or passage of time that makes the financial statements included in a Registration
Statement ineligible for inclusion therein or any statement made in a Registration Statement or Prospectus or any document incorporated
or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference untrue in any material respect or that requires any revisions to a Registration Statement,
Prospectus or other documents so that, in the case of a Registration Statement or the Prospectus, as the case may be, it will not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and (vi) of the occurrence or existence of any pending
corporate development with respect to the Company that the Company believes may be material and that, in the determination of the Company,
makes it not in the best interest of the Company to allow continued availability of a Registration Statement or Prospectus; provided,
however, that in no event shall any such notice contain any information which would constitute material, non-public information
regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(e)
Use its reasonable best efforts to avoid the issuance of, or, if issued, obtain the withdrawal of (i) any order stopping or suspending
the effectiveness of a Registration Statement, or (ii) any suspension of the qualification (or exemption from qualification) of any of
the Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction, at the earliest practicable moment.

5

(f)
Furnish to each Holder, without charge, at least one conformed copy of each such Registration Statement and each amendment thereto, including
financial statements and schedules, all documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference to the extent requested
by such Person, and all exhibits to the extent requested by such Person (including those previously furnished or incorporated by reference)
promptly after the filing of such documents with the Commission, provided that any such item which is available on the EDGAR system (or
successor thereto) need not be furnished in physical form.

(g)
Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Company hereby consents to the use of such Prospectus and each amendment or supplement thereto
by each of the selling Holders in connection with the offering and sale of the Registrable Securities covered by such Prospectus and
any amendment or supplement thereto, except after the giving of any notice pursuant to Section 3(d).

(h)
Prior to any resale of Registrable Securities by a Holder, use its reasonable best efforts to register or qualify or cooperate with the
selling Holders in connection with the registration or qualification (or exemption from the Registration or qualification) of such Registrable
Securities for the resale by the Holder under the securities or Blue Sky laws of such jurisdictions within the United States as any Holder
reasonably requests in writing, to keep each registration or qualification (or exemption therefrom) effective during the Effectiveness
Period and to do any and all other acts or things reasonably necessary to enable the disposition in such jurisdictions of the Registrable
Securities covered by each Registration Statement, provided that the Company shall not be required to qualify generally to do business
in any jurisdiction where it is not then so qualified, subject the Company to any material tax in any such jurisdiction where it is not
then so subject or file a general consent to service of process in any such jurisdiction.

(i)
If requested by a Holder, cooperate with such Holder to facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of certificates (or evidence of
book entry transfer) representing Registrable Securities to be delivered to a transferee pursuant to a Registration Statement, which
certificates (or evidence of book entry transfer) shall be free, to the extent permitted by the Purchase Agreement, of all restrictive
legends, and to enable such Registrable Securities to be in such denominations and registered in such names as any such Holder may request.

(j)
Upon the occurrence of any event contemplated by Section 3(d), as promptly as reasonably possible under the circumstances, taking into
account the Companys good faith assessment of any adverse consequences to the Company and its stockholders of the premature disclosure
of such event, prepare a supplement or amendment, including a post-effective amendment, to a Registration Statement or a supplement to
the related Prospectus or any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference, and file any other required document
so that, as thereafter delivered, neither a Registration Statement nor such Prospectus, as the case may be, will contain an untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light
of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. If the Company notifies the Holders
in accordance with clauses (iii) through (vi) of Section 3(d) above to suspend the use of
any Prospectus until the requisite changes to such Prospectus have been made, then the Holders shall suspend use of such Prospectus.
The Company will use its reasonable best efforts to ensure that the use of the Prospectus may be resumed as promptly as is practicable.
The Company shall be entitled to exercise its right under this Section 3(j) to suspend the availability of a Registration Statement and
Prospectus for a period not to exceed 60 calendar days (which need not be consecutive days) in any 12-month period.

6

(k)
Otherwise use commercially reasonable efforts to comply with all applicable rules and regulations of the Commission under the Securities
Act and the Exchange Act, including, without limitation, Rule 172 under the Securities Act, file any final Prospectus, including any
supplement or amendment thereof, with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424 under the Securities Act, promptly inform the Holders in writing
if, at any time during the Effectiveness Period, the Company does not satisfy the conditions specified in Rule 172 and, as a result thereof,
the Holders are required to deliver a Prospectus in connection with any disposition of Registrable Securities and take such other actions
as may be reasonably necessary to facilitate the registration of the Registrable Securities hereunder.

(l)
If then eligible to use Form S-3, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to maintain eligibility for use of Form S-3
(or any successor form thereto) for the registration of the resale of Registrable Securities.

(m)
The Company may require each selling Holder to furnish to the Company a certified statement as to the number of shares of Common Stock
beneficially owned by such Holder and, if required by the Commission, the natural persons thereof that have voting and dispositive control
over the shares.

4.
Registration Expenses. All fees and expenses incident to the performance of or compliance with, this Agreement by the Company
shall be borne by the Company whether or not any Registrable Securities are sold pursuant to a Registration Statement. The fees and expenses
referred to in the foregoing sentence shall include, without limitation, (i) all registration and filing fees (including, without limitation,
fees and expenses of the Companys counsel and independent registered public accountants) (A) with respect to filings made with
the Commission, (B) with respect to filings required to be made with any Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed for
trading, and (C) in compliance with applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws reasonably agreed to by the Company in writing (including,
without limitation, fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company in connection with Blue Sky qualifications or exemptions of the
Registrable Securities), (ii) printing expenses (including, without limitation, expenses of printing certificates for Registrable Securities),
(iii) messenger, telephone and delivery expenses, (iv) fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company, (v) Securities Act liability
insurance, if the Company so desires such insurance, and (vi) fees and expenses of all other Persons retained by the Company in connection
with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. In addition, the Company shall be responsible for all of its
internal expenses incurred in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including, without
limitation, all salaries and expenses of its officers and employees performing legal or accounting duties), the expense of any annual
audit and the fees and expenses incurred in connection with the listing of the Registrable Securities on any securities exchange as required
hereunder. In no event shall the Company be responsible for any underwriting discounts or broker or similar commissions or fees of any
Holder or, except to the extent provided for in the Transaction Documents, any legal fees or other costs of the Holders.

5. Indemnification.

(a)
Indemnification by the Company. The Company shall, notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement, indemnify and hold harmless
each Holder, the officers, directors, members, partners, agents, brokers (including brokers who offer and sell Registrable Securities
as principal as a result of a pledge or any failure to perform under a margin call of Common Stock) investment advisors and employees
(and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any
other title) of each of them, each Person who controls any such Holder (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section
20 of the Exchange Act) and the officers, directors, members, stockholders, partners, agents and employees (and any other Persons with
a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each such
controlling Person, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities,
costs (including, without limitation, reasonable and documented attorneys fees) and expenses (collectively, Losses),
as incurred, arising out of or relating to (1) any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in a Registration
Statement, any Prospectus or any form of prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising
out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein (in the case of any Prospectus or supplement thereto, in light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading
or (2) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any state securities law, or any
rule or regulation thereunder, in connection with the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, except to the extent, but
only to the extent, that (i) such untrue statements or omissions are based solely upon information regarding such Holder furnished in
writing to the Company by such Holder expressly for use therein, or to the extent that such information relates to such Holder or such
Holders proposed method of distribution of Registrable Securities and was reviewed and expressly approved in writing by such Holder
expressly for use in a Registration Statement, such Prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto (it being understood that the
Holder has approved Annex A hereto for this purpose) or (ii) in the case of an occurrence of an event of the type specified in Section
3(d)(iii)-(iv), the use by such Holder of an outdated, defective or otherwise unavailable Prospectus after the Company has notified such
Holder in writing that the Prospectus is outdated, defective or otherwise unavailable for use by such Holder and prior to the receipt
by such Holder of the Advice contemplated in Section 6(b). The Company shall notify the Holders promptly of the institution, threat or
assertion of any Proceeding arising from or in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement of which the Company is
aware. Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of such indemnified
person and shall survive the transfer of any Registrable Securities by any of the Holders in accordance with Section 6(e).

7

(b)
Indemnification by Holders. Each Holder shall, severally and not jointly, indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its directors,
officers, agents and employees, each Person who controls the Company (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section
20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, agents or employees of such controlling Persons, to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law, from and against all Losses, as incurred, to the extent arising out of or based solely upon: any untrue or alleged
untrue statement of a material fact contained in any Registration Statement, any Prospectus, or in any amendment or supplement thereto
or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any Prospectus or supplement thereto, in light of the circumstances
under which they were made) not misleading (i) to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement or omission is contained
in any information so furnished in writing by such Holder to the Company expressly for inclusion in such Registration Statement or such
Prospectus or (ii) to the extent, but only to the extent, that such information relates to such Holders information provided in
the Selling Stockholder Questionnaire or the proposed method of distribution of Registrable Securities and was reviewed and expressly
approved in writing by such Holder expressly for use in a Registration Statement (it being understood that the Holder has approved Annex
A hereto for this purpose), such Prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto. In no event shall the liability of a selling Holder
be greater in amount than the dollar amount of the proceeds (net of all expenses paid by such Holder in connection with any claim relating
to this Section 5 and the amount of any damages such Holder has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue statement or
omission) received by such Holder upon the sale of the Registrable Securities included in the Registration Statement giving rise to such
indemnification obligation.

(c)
Conduct of Indemnification Proceedings. If any Proceeding shall be brought or asserted against any Person entitled to indemnity
hereunder (an Indemnified Party), such Indemnified Party shall promptly notify the Person from whom indemnity is
sought (the Indemnifying Party) in writing, and the Indemnifying Party shall have the right to assume the defense
thereof, including the employment of counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party and the payment of all fees and expenses
incurred in connection with defense thereof, provided that the failure of any Indemnified Party to give such notice shall not relieve
the Indemnifying Party of its obligations or liabilities pursuant to this Agreement, except (and only) to the extent that it shall be
finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction (which determination is not subject to appeal or further review) that such failure
shall have materially and adversely prejudiced the Indemnifying Party.

An
Indemnified Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such Proceeding and to participate in the defense thereof, but
the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Indemnified Party or Parties unless: (1) the Indemnifying Party
has agreed in writing to pay such fees and expenses, (2) the Indemnifying Party shall have failed promptly to assume the defense of such
Proceeding and to employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnified Party in any such Proceeding, or (3) the named parties to
any such Proceeding (including any impleaded parties) include both such Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party, and counsel to
the Indemnified Party shall reasonably believe that a material conflict of interest is likely to exist if the same counsel were to represent
such Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party (in which case, if such Indemnified Party notifies the Indemnifying Party in writing
that it elects to employ separate counsel at the expense of the Indemnifying Party, the Indemnifying Party shall not have the right to
assume the defense thereof and the reasonable and documented fees and expenses of no more than one separate counsel shall be at the expense
of the Indemnifying Party). The Indemnifying Party shall not be liable for any settlement of any such Proceeding effected without its
written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. No Indemnifying Party shall, without the prior written
consent of the Indemnified Party, effect any settlement of any pending Proceeding in respect of which any Indemnified Party is a party,
unless such settlement includes an unconditional release of such Indemnified Party from all liability on claims that are the subject
matter of such Proceeding.

Subject
to the terms of this Agreement, all reasonable fees and expenses of the Indemnified Party (including reasonable fees and expenses, to
the extent incurred, in connection with investigating or preparing to defend such Proceeding in a manner not inconsistent with this Section
5) shall be paid to the Indemnified Party, as incurred, within 10 Trading Days of written notice thereof to the Indemnifying Party, provided
that the Indemnified Party shall promptly reimburse the Indemnifying Party for that portion of such fees and expenses applicable to such
actions for which such Indemnified Party is finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction (which determination is not subject
to appeal or further review) not to be entitled to indemnification hereunder.

8

(d)
Contribution. If the indemnification under Section 5(a) or 5(b) is unavailable to an Indemnified Party or insufficient to hold
an Indemnified Party harmless for any Losses, then each Indemnifying Party shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified
Party, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the Indemnifying Party and Indemnified Party in connection
with the actions, statements or omissions that resulted in such Losses as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative
fault of such Indemnifying Party and Indemnified Party shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in
question, including any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission of a material fact, has
been taken or made by, or relates to information supplied by, such Indemnifying Party or Indemnified Party, and the parties relative
intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such action, statement or omission. The amount paid or
payable by a party as a result of any Losses shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, any
reasonable and documented attorneys or other fees or expenses incurred by such party in connection with any Proceeding to the
extent such party would have been indemnified for such fees or expenses if the indemnification provided for in this Section 5 was available
to such party in accordance with its terms.

The
parties hereto agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 5(d) were determined by pro rata
allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not take into account the equitable considerations referred to in the immediately
preceding paragraph. In no event shall the contribution obligation of a Holder of Registrable Securities be greater in amount than the
dollar amount of the proceeds (net of all expenses paid by such Holder in connection with any claim relating to this Section 5 and the
amount of any damages such Holder has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission
or alleged omission) received by it upon the sale of the Registrable Securities giving rise to such contribution obligation.

The
indemnity and contribution agreements contained in this Section 5 are in addition to any liability that the Indemnifying Parties may
have to the Indemnified Parties.

6. Miscellaneous.

(a)
Remedies. In the event of a breach by the Company or by a Holder of any of their respective obligations under this Agreement,
each Holder or the Company, as the case may be, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law and under this Agreement,
including recovery of damages, shall be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Agreement. Each of the Company and
each Holder agrees that monetary damages would not provide adequate compensation for any losses incurred by reason of a breach by it
of any of the provisions of this Agreement and hereby further agrees that, in the event of any action for specific performance in respect
of such breach, it shall not assert or shall waive the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate.

9

(b)
Discontinued Disposition. By its acquisition of Registrable Securities, each Holder agrees that, upon receipt of a notice from
the Company of the occurrence of any event of the kind described in Section 3(d)(iii) through (vi), such Holder will forthwith discontinue
disposition of such Registrable Securities under a Registration Statement until it is advised in writing (the Advice)
by the Company that the use of the applicable Prospectus (as it may have been supplemented or amended) may be resumed. The Company will
use its reasonable best efforts to ensure that the use of the Prospectus may be resumed as promptly as is practicable.

(c)
Amendments and Waivers. The provisions of this Agreement, including the provisions of this sentence, may not be amended, modified
or supplemented, and waivers or consents to departures from the provisions hereof may not be given, unless the same shall be in writing
and signed by the Company and the Holders of 50.1% or more of the then outstanding Registrable Securities, provided that, if any amendment,
modification or waiver disproportionately and adversely impacts a Holder (or group of Holders), the consent of such disproportionately
impacted Holder (or group of Holders) shall be required. If a Registration Statement does not register all of the Registrable Securities
pursuant to a waiver or amendment done in compliance with the previous sentence, then the number of Registrable Securities to be registered
for each Holder shall be reduced pro rata among all Holders and each Holder shall have the right to designate which of its Registrable
Securities shall be omitted from such Registration Statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a waiver or consent to depart from the provisions
hereof with respect to a matter that relates exclusively to the rights of a Holder or some Holders and that does not directly or indirectly
affect the rights of other Holders may be given only by such Holder or Holders of all of the Registrable Securities to which such waiver
or consent relates; provided, however, that the provisions of this sentence may not be amended, modified, or supplemented
except in accordance with the provisions of the first sentence of this Section 6(c). No consideration shall be offered or paid to any
Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of this Agreement unless the same consideration also is offered
to all of the parties to this Agreement.

(d)
Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be delivered
as set forth in the Purchase Agreement.

(e)
Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns
of each of the parties and shall inure to the benefit of each Holder. The Company may not assign (except by merger) its rights or obligations
hereunder without the prior written consent of all of the Holders of the then outstanding Registrable Securities. Each Holder may assign
their respective rights hereunder in the manner and to the Persons as permitted under Section 5.7 of the Purchase Agreement, provided,
for the avoidance of doubt, no assignment by any party hereto of such partys rights, duties and obligations hereunder shall be
binding upon or obligate Company unless and until the Company shall have received (i) written notice of such assignment as provided in
this Section 6(e) and (ii) the written agreement of the assignee, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, to be bound by the
terms and provisions of this Agreement. Any transfer or assignment made other than as provided in this Section 6(e) shall be null and
void.

10

(f)
No Inconsistent Agreements. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has entered, as of the date hereof, that would have
the effect of impairing the rights granted to the Holders in this Agreement or otherwise conflicts with the provisions hereof.

(g)
Execution and Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall
be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to
the other party, it being understood that both parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered
by facsimile transmission or electronic delivery (including email delivery of a .pdf format data file or DocuSign or similar),
such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with
the same force and effect as if such facsimile, electronic signature or .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

(h)
Governing Law; Waiver of Jury Trial. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this
Agreement shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of Section 5.9 (Governing Law) and Section 5.21 (Waiver of Jury Trial)
of the Purchase Agreement, which sections are incorporated by reference herein and made a part hereof mutatis mutandis.

(i)
Cumulative Remedies. The remedies provided herein are cumulative and not exclusive of any other remedies provided by law.

(j)
Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to
be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall
remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially
reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated
by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would
have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared
invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

(k)
Headings. The headings in this Agreement are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of the Agreement and shall not be
deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

11

(l)
Independent Nature of Holders Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Holder hereunder are several and not joint
with the obligations of any other Holder hereunder, and no Holder shall be responsible in any way for the performance of the obligations
of any other Holder hereunder. Nothing contained herein or in any other agreement or document delivered at any closing, and no action
taken by any Holder pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Holders as a partnership, an association, a joint venture
or any other kind of group or entity, or create a presumption that the Holders are in any way acting in concert or as a group or entity
with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other matters, and the Company acknowledges
that the Holders are not acting in concert or as a group, and the Company shall not assert any such claim, with respect to such obligations
or transactions. Each Holder shall be entitled to protect and enforce its rights, including without limitation the rights arising out
of this Agreement, and it shall not be necessary for any other Holder to be joined as an additional party in any proceeding for such
purpose. The use of a single agreement with respect to the obligations of the Company contained was solely in the control of the Company,
not the action or decision of any Holder, and was done solely for the convenience of the Company and not because it was required or requested
to do so by any Holder. It is expressly understood and agreed that each provision contained in this Agreement is between the Company
and a Holder, solely, and not between the Company and the Holders collectively and not between and among Holders.

********************

(Signature
Pages Follow)

12

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Registration Rights Agreement as of the date first written above.

ERNEXA THERAPEUTICS Inc.

By: /s/ Sanjeev Luther

Name: Sanjeev Luther

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

[SIGNATURE
PAGE OF HOLDERS FOLLOWS]

13

[SIGNATURE
PAGE OF HOLDERS TO RRA]

Name
of Holder: __________________________

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Holder: __________________________

Name
of Authorized Signatory: _________________________

Title
of Authorized Signatory: __________________________

[SIGNATURE
PAGES CONTINUE]

14
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex10-3.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.3

NEITHER
THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED
(THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE
OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

PRE-FUNDED
COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

ERNEXA
THERAPEUTICS INC.

Warrant
Shares: [__] Issue
Date: [__]

THIS
PRE-FUNDED COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, [__] or its assigns (the
Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set
forth, at any time on or after the date hereof (the Initial Exercise Date) until this Warrant is exercised in full
(the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Ernexa Therapeutics Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the Company), up to the number of shares of Common Stock set forth above adjacent to Warrant
Shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares). The purchase price of one share of Common
Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section
1. Definitions. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in that certain
Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement), dated March [ ], 2025, among the Company
and the purchasers signatory thereto.

Section
2. Exercise.

a)
Exercise of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time
or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed PDF
copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice of Exercise).
Within the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined
in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the
Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank,
unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original
Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of
Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this
Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised
in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the
date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a
portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant
Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall
maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection
to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Trading Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this
Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant
Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated
on the face hereof.

b)
Exercise Price. The aggregate exercise price of this Warrant, except for a nominal exercise price of $0.005 per Warrant Share,
was pre-funded to the Company on or prior to the Initial Exercise Date and, consequently, no additional consideration (other than the
nominal exercise price of $0.005 per Warrant Share) shall be required to be paid by the Holder to any Person to effect any exercise of
this Warrant. The Holder shall not be entitled to the return or refund of all, or any portion, of such pre-paid aggregate exercise price
under any circumstance or for any reason whatsoever. The remaining unpaid exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant
shall be $0.005, subject to adjustment as set forth herein (the Exercise Price).

c)
Cashless Exercise. This Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise
in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by
(A), where:

(A)
= as applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of
Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and
delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in
Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option of the Holder, either
(y) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise or (z) the Closing Price of the Common
Stock on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg) as of the time of the Holders
execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a
Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close of regular trading
hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if
the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a)
hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

(B)
= the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X)
= the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such
exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the
Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the characteristics of the Warrants being exercised, and the holding period of the Warrant
Shares being issued may be tacked on to the holding period of this Warrant. The Company agrees not to take any position contrary to this
Section 2(c).

2

Closing
Price means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock
is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the closing price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding
date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from
9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted
average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock
is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market
(or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent closing price per share of the
Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent
appraiser selected in good faith by the Holder and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid
by the Company.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m.
(New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price
of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then
listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market (or a similar
organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent closing price per share of the Common Stock
so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected
in good faith by the Holder and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

d) Mechanics
of Exercise.

i.
Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by
the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository
Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Transfer Agent is then a participant
in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale
of the Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B) the Warrant Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder without volume or manner-of-sale
limitations pursuant to Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants), and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered
in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder
is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earliest
of (i) two (2) Trading Days after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise, (ii) one (1) Trading Day after delivery of the
aggregate Exercise Price to the Company and (iii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery
to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice
of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect
to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate
Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received within the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the
number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period following delivery of the Notice of Exercise. If the Company fails for
any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company
shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise
(based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per
Trading Day on the fifth Trading Day after such liquidated damages begin to accrue) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery
Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is
a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement
Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading
Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise.

3

ii.
Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of
a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing
the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other
respects be identical to this Warrant.

iii.
Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section
2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise by delivering written notice
to the Company at any time prior to the delivery of the Warrant Shares.

iv.
Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to
the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions
of Section 2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required
by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases for the
Holder, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated
receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any,
by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased
exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder
in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed,
and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such
exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common
Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example,
if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise
of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately
preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating
the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing
herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without
limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares
of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

v.
No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise
of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company
shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied
by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

vi.
Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax
or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company,
and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided,
however, that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when
surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may
require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company
shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company
(or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii.
Closing of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise
of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

4

e)
Holders Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the
right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance
after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other
Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)),
would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the
number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude
the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant
beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or
nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject
to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its
Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership
shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being
acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d)
of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith and the calculations
required under this Section 2(e). To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether
this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties)
and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of
Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities
owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each
case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such
determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section
13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the
number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A)
the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement
by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common
Stock outstanding. Upon the written request of the Holder, the Company shall within one Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to
the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall
be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or
its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The
Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be [4.99%/9.99%] of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately
after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon written notice
to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds [4.99%/9.99%] of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving
effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section
2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day
after such written notice is delivered to the Company. In the event that the issuance of shares of Common Stock to the Holder upon exercise
of this Warrant would result in the Holder and the other Attribution Parties being deemed to beneficially own, in the aggregate, more
than the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as determined under Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act), the number of shares so issued by which
the Holders and the other Attribution Parties aggregate beneficial ownership would exceed the Beneficial Ownership Limitation
(the Excess Shares) shall be deemed null and void and shall be cancelled ab initio and any portion of this Warrant so exercised
shall be reinstated, and the Holder shall not have the power to vote or to transfer the Excess Shares. For purposes of clarity, the shares
of Common Stock issuable pursuant to the terms of this Warrant in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall not be deemed to
be beneficially owned by the Holder for any purpose including for purposes of Section 13(d) or Rule 16a-1(a)(1) of the Exchange Act.
The provisions of this Section 2(e) shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms
of this Section 2(e) to correct this Section 2(e) (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial
Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation.
The limitations contained in this Section 2(e) shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

5

Section
3. Certain Adjustments.

a)
Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise
makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares
of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this
Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse
stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the
Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which
the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event
and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately
after such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate
Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately
after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective
immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or reclassification.

b)
Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants,
issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record
holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire,
upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had
held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise
hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for
the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares
of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that, to
the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership
of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held
in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation).

c)
Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or
other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital
or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend,
spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution),
at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable
upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the
date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided,
however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent
(or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such
Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result
in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

6

d)
Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or
more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company (or any Subsidiary),
directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially
all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange
offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender
or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding
shares of Common Stock, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization
or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted
into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions
consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization,
spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires more than
50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making
or party to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business
combination) (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall
have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence
of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this
Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation,
and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction
by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction
(without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination
of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration
issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price
among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration.
If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then
the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such
Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor
(the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other
Transaction Documents in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(e) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at
the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written
instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital
stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise
of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an
exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value
of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of
shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior
to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon
the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after
the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company
shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations
of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named
as the Company herein.

e)
Calculations. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the
case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date
shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

f)
Notice to Holder.

i.
Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company
shall promptly deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment, any resulting adjustment
to the number of Warrant Shares, and a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

7

ii.
Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on
the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the
Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of
capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with
any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company is a party, any sale or transfer of all or
substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or
property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the
Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder at its email address as it shall appear upon
the Warrant Register, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating
(x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a
record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions,
redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer
or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock
of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such
reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect
therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To
the extent that any notice by the Company to the Holder under this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information
regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously disclose such information in a report filed with the
Commission. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the
effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

Section
4. Transfer of Warrant.

a)
Transferability. Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 4(d) hereof
and to the provisions of Section 4.1 of the Purchase Agreement, this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation,
any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company
or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by
the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such
surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee
or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to
the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder
has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days
of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned
in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

8

b)
New Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other warrants issued under the Purchase Agreement upon delivery of
this Warrant to the principal executive offices of the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations
in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to
any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in
exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges
shall be dated the Issue Date first set forth above and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares
issuable pursuant thereto.

c)
Warrant Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the
Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the
registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder,
and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

d)
Transfer Restrictions. If, at the time of the surrender of this Warrant in connection with any transfer of this Warrant, the transfer
of this Warrant shall not be either (i) registered pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and under
applicable state securities or blue sky laws or (ii) permitted under Rule 144 without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or current
public information requirements, the Company may require, as a condition of allowing such transfer, that the Holder or transferee of
this Warrant, as the case may be, comply with the provisions of Section 4.1 of the Purchase Agreement.

e)
Representation by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant
and, upon any exercise hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to
or for distributing or reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities
law, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act.

Section
5.Miscellaneous.

a)
No Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights,
dividends or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly
set forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant
to Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in no event shall the Company be
required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

b)
Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares,
and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant,
shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the
Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant
or stock certificate.

9

c)
Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required
or granted herein shall not be a Trading Day, then such action may be taken, or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Trading
Day.

d)
Authorized Shares.

The
Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a
sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant.
The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with
the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all
such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any
applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants
that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise
of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof
(other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except
and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending
its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale
of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant,
but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary
or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise
immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company
may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof,
as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before
taking any action that would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the
Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from
any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e)
Jurisdiction. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined
in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

10

f)
Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and
the Holder does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g)
Nonwaiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall
operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision
of this Warrant or the Purchase Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant,
which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover
any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of the appellate proceedings,
incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies
hereunder.

h)
Notices. Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall
be delivered in accordance with the notice provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

i)
Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant
to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of
the Holder for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company
or by creditors of the Company.

j)
Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will
be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate
compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to
assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k)
Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall
inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns
of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall
be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l)
Amendment. This Warrant may be modified or amended, or the provisions hereof waived, only with the written consent of the Company
and the Holder.

m)
Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid
under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall
be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining
provisions of this Warrant.

n)
Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed
a part of this Warrant.

o)
Execution. This Warrant may be executed and delivered by e-mail delivery of a .pdf or similar format data file,
in which case such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is
executed) with the same force and effect as if such .pdf or similar format signature page were an original thereof.

********************

(Signature
Page Follows)

11

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above
indicated.

ERNEXA THERAPEUTICS INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

12
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>erna-20250331.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>erna-20250331_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>erna-20250331_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 31, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 31, 2025

Entity File Number 001-11460

Entity Registrant Name Eterna Therapeutics Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0000748592

Entity Tax Identification Number 31-1103425

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 1035
Cambridge Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 18A

Entity Address, City or Town Cambridge

Entity Address, State or Province MA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 02141

City Area Code (617)

Local Phone Number 798-6700

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, par value $0.005 per share

Trading Symbol ERNA

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://eternatx.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

erna-20250331.xsd 
erna-20250331_lab.xml 
erna-20250331_pre.xml 
form8-k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001641172-25-002514-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000748592 

2025-03-31 
2025-03-31 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0000748592 
Eterna Therapeutics Inc. 
8-K 
2025-03-31 
DE 
001-11460 
31-1103425 
1035 Cambridge Street 
Suite 18A 
Cambridge 
MA 
02141 
(617) 
798-6700 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.005 per share 
ERNA 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>