<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001437749-25-004417.txt : 20250219
<SEC-HEADER>0001437749-25-004417.hdr.sgml : 20250219
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250219170533
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-25-004417
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250212
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250219
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250219

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners II Co.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002028516
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42514
		FILM NUMBER:		25641527

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2093 PHILADELPHIA PIKE
		STREET 2:		#1968
		CITY:			CLAYMONT
		STATE:			DE
		ZIP:			19703
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(725) 312-2430

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2093 PHILADELPHIA PIKE
		STREET 2:		#1968
		CITY:			CLAYMONT
		STATE:			DE
		ZIP:			19703
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>atii20250219_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?atii20250219_8k.htm

false000202851600020285162025-02-122025-02-120002028516noticker:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneOrdinaryShareAndOnehalfOfOneRedeemableWarrantCustomMember2025-02-122025-02-120002028516noticker:OrdinarySharesParValueOf00001PerShareCustomMember2025-02-122025-02-120002028516noticker:WarrantsCustomMember2025-02-122025-02-12

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

Form 8-K

Current Report

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

February 12, 2025

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported)

Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners II Co.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

Cayman Islands 

001-42514 

N/A

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

2093 Philadelphia Pike #1968

Claymont, DE 

19703

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

(Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (725) 312-2430

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Units, each consisting of one Ordinary Share and one-half of one redeemable Warrant 

ATIIU 

The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Ordinary Shares, par value of $0.0001 per share 

ATII 

The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Warrants 

ATIIW 

The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 8.01. Other Events.

As previously disclosed on a Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 10, 2025, Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners II Co. (the Company) consummated its initial public offering (the IPO) of 23,000,000 units (the Units), including the exercise in full by the underwriters of an option to purchase up to 3,000,000 Units to cover over-allotments. Each Unit consists of one ordinary share, par value $0.0001 per share (Ordinary Share) and one-half of one redeemable warrant (each, a Warrant) of the Company, with each whole Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Ordinary Share for $11.50 per share (subject to adjustment). The Units were sold at a price of $10.00 per Unit, generating aggregate gross proceeds to the Company of $230,000,000.

Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the Company consummated a private placement (the Private Placement) in which Archimedes Tech SPAC Sponsors II LLC, the Companys sponsor, and BTIG, LLC, the representative of the underwriters in the initial public offering, purchased an aggregate of 840,000 private units at a price of $10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of $8,400,000.

As of February 12, 2025, a total of $231,150,000 of the net proceeds from the IPO and the Private Placement were deposited in a trust account established for the benefit of the Companys public shareholders.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

Exhibit No. 

Description

99.1 

Balance Sheet dated February 12, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Dated: February 19, 2025

ARCHIMEDES TECH SPAC PARTNERS II CO.

By: 

/s/ Long Long

Name: 

Long Long

Title: 

Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex_780139.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
ex_780139.htm

Exhibit 99.1

ARCHIMEDES TECH SPAC PARTNERS II CO.

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

Financial Statement of Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners II Co.: 

Page

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

F-2

Balance Sheet as of February 12, 2025 

F-3

Notes to Financial Statement 

F-4

F-1

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of

Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners II Co.:

Opinion on the Financial Statement

We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners II Co. (the Company) as of February 12, 2025, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statement). In our opinion, the financial statement presents fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of February 12, 2025, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Basis for Opinion

This financial statement is the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statement based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (the "PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statement is free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Companys internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statement, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statement. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statement. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/ Withum Smith + Brown, PC

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2024.

New York, New York

February 19, 2025

F-2

ARCHIMEDES TECH SPAC PARTNERS II CO.

BALANCE SHEET

FEBRUARY 12, 2025

Assets 

Current Assets 

Cash $ 1,859,680 

Prepaid expenses 176,806 

Total current assets 2,036,486 

Prepaid insurance 80,208 

Cash held in Trust Account 231,150,000 

Total Assets $ 233,266,694 

Liabilities, Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption, and Shareholders Deficit 

Current Liabilities 

Accrued expenses $ 1,000 

Accrued offering costs 75,000 

Total current liabilities 76,000 

Deferred underwriting fee 8,050,000 

Total Liabilities 8,126,000 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) 

Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, 23,000,000 shares at redemption value of $10.05 per share 231,150,000 

Shareholders Deficit 

Preference shares, $0.0001 par value; 1,000,000 shares authorized; none issued or outstanding 

Ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value; 400,000,000 shares authorized; 6,590,000 shares issued and outstanding (excluding 23,000,000 shares subject to possible redemption) 659 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit (6,009,965 )

Total Shareholders Deficit (6,009,306 )

Total Liabilities, Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption, and Shareholders Deficit $ 233,266,694 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of this financial statement.

F-3

ARCHIMEDES TECH SPAC PARTNERS II CO.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

FEBRUARY 12, 2025

NOTE 1 ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS

Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners II Co. (the Company) is a blank check company newly incorporated in the Cayman Islands on June 7, 2024. The Company was formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses (the Business Combination). The Company has not selected any Business Combination target, and it has not, nor has anyone on its behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any Business Combination target with respect to an initial Business Combination.

Although the Company may acquire a business in any industry, it intends to focus on companies engaged in the technology industry. The Company is an early stage and emerging growth company, and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies.

As of February 12, 2025, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from June 7, 2024 (inception) through February 12, 2025 relates to the Companys formation and the initial public offering (Initial Public Offering), which is described below. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income from the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering. The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end.

The registration statement for the Companys Initial Public Offering was declared effective on February 10, 2025. On February 12, 2025, the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of 23,000,000 units (the Units and, with respect to the ordinary shares included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares), which includes the full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in the amount of 3,000,000 Units, at $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $230,000,000. Each Unit consists of one ordinary share, par value $0.0001 per share, and one-half of one redeemable warrant (the Public Warrants), each whole Public Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment.

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of an aggregate of 840,000 units (the Private Placement Units) at a price of $10.00 per Private Placement Unit in a private placement to Archimedes Tech SPAC Sponsors II LLC (the Sponsor) and BTIG, LLC, the representative of the underwriters in the Initial Public Offering (BTIG), generating gross proceeds of $8,400,000.

Transaction costs amounted to $13,175,520, consisting of $4,600,000 of cash underwriting fee, $8,050,000 of deferred underwriting fee and $525,520 of other offering costs.

The Companys management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of Private Placement Units, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. The Company must complete one or more initial Business Combinations with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the net assets held in the Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding any deferred underwriting fees and taxes payable on the interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination. The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act).

Following the closing of the Initial Public Offering, on February 12, 2025, an amount of $231,150,000 ($10.05 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units and the sale of the Private Placement Units was held in a trust account (Trust Account), located in the United States and invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations and/or held as cash or cash items (including in demand deposit accounts). The Company will not be permitted to withdraw any of the principal or interest held in the Trust Account except for the withdrawal of interest to pay taxes. The funds held in the Trust Account will not otherwise be released from the Trust Account until the earliest of: (1) the completion of an initial Business Combination; (2) the redemption of any Public Shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to allow redemption in connection with initial Business Combination or to redeem 100% of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete the initial Business Combination within the completion window, as defined below, or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity; and (3) the redemption of the Public Shares if the Company has not completed an initial Business Combination within the completion window, subject to Cayman Islands laws.

F-4

ARCHIMEDES TECH SPAC PARTNERS II CO.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

FEBRUARY 12, 2025

The Company will provide the holders of the outstanding Public Shares (the Public Shareholders) with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company. The Public Shareholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially anticipated to be $10.05 per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest then in the Trust Account, net of funds withdrawn to pay taxes). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Companys warrants. The Public Shares subject to redemption will be recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.

The amended and restated memorandum and articles of association does not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will the Company redeem its Public Shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets to be less than any net tangible asset or cash requirement that may be contained in the agreement relating to the initial Business Combination. As a result, the Company may be able to complete its initial Business Combination even though a substantial majority of the public shareholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if the Company seeks shareholder approval of the initial Business Combination and does not conduct redemptions in connection with the initial Business Combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to the initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration the Company would be required to pay for all public shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed Business Combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to the Company, the Company will not complete the Business Combination or redeem any shares, and all ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and the Company instead may search for an alternate Business Combination.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company seeks shareholder approval of a Business Combination and it does not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a Public Shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act)), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15% of the Public Shares, without the prior consent of the Company.

The Initial Shareholders and the Companys officers and directors entered into a letter agreement, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive: (1) their redemption rights with respect to any shares held by them in connection with the completion of the initial Business Combination; (2) their redemption rights with respect to any shares held by them in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of the obligation to allow redemption in connection with the initial Business Combination or to redeem 100% of the public shares if the Company does not complete the initial Business Combination within the completion window (as defined below) or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity; and (3) their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any founder shares and private shares they hold if the Company fails to complete its initial Business Combination within the completion window as a result of a shareholder vote to amend the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any public shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the completion window). If the Company submits its initial Business Combination to the public shareholders for a vote, the initial shareholders, directors and officers have agreed (and their permitted transferees will agree), pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement entered into with the Company, to vote any shares held by them in favor of the initial Business Combination.

The underwriters have agreed to waive their rights to their deferred underwriting commission (see Note 6) held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the completion window and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the other funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than the Initial Public Offering price per Unit ($10.00).

F-5

ARCHIMEDES TECH SPAC PARTNERS II CO.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

FEBRUARY 12, 2025

The Company will have until 21 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, or until such earlier liquidation date as the Companys board of directors may approve, to complete a Business Combination (the Completion Window). If the Company has not completed a Business Combination within the Completion Window, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (net of funds withdrawn to pay taxes and up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject, in each case, to obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There is no limitation on the Companys ability to raise funds privately or through loans in connection with its initial Business Combination.

In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than the independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below (1) $10.05 per public share or (2) such lesser amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under the Companys indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (except for the Companys independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account.

NOTE 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Basis of Presentation

The accompanying financial statement is presented in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP) and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).

F-6

ARCHIMEDES TECH SPAC PARTNERS II CO.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

FEBRUARY 12, 2025

Emerging Growth Company

The Company is an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Companys financial statement with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used.

Use of Estimates

The preparation of the financial statement in conformity with GAAP requires the Companys management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statement.

Making estimates requires management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statement, which management considered in formulating its estimate, could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual results could differ significantly from those estimates.

Cash and Cash Equivalents

The Company considers all short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The Company had $1,859,680 in cash and no cash equivalents as of February 12, 2025.

Cash Held in Trust Account

As of February 12, 2025, the assets held in the Trust Account, amounting to $231,150,000, were held in cash.

Offering Costs

The Company complies with the requirements of the ASC 340-10-S99 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) Topic 5A Expenses of Offering. Offering costs consist principally of professional and registration fees that are related to the Initial Public Offering. FASB ASC 470-20, Debt with Conversion and Other Options, addresses the allocation of proceeds from the issuance of convertible debt into its equity and debt components. The Company applies this guidance to allocate Initial Public Offering proceeds from the Units between ordinary shares and warrants, using the residual method by allocating Initial Public Offering proceeds first to assigned value of the warrants and then to the ordinary shares. Offering costs allocated to the Public Shares were charged to temporary equity, and offering costs allocated to the Public Warrants and Private Placement Units were charged to shareholders' equity as the warrants associated with units issued in the Initial Public Offering and Private Placement, after management's evaluation, are accounted for under equity treatment.

Income Taxes

The Company accounts for income taxes under ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes, which requires an asset and liability approach to financial accounting and reporting for income taxes. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are computed for differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities that will result in future taxable or deductible amounts, based on enacted tax laws and rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.

ASC Topic 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The Companys management determined that the Cayman Islands is the Companys major tax jurisdiction. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. As of February 12, 2025, there were no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued for interest and penalties. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position.

The Company is considered to be an exempted Cayman Islands company with no connection to any other taxable jurisdiction and is presently not subject to income taxes or income tax filing requirements in the Cayman Islands or the United States. As such, the Companys tax provision was zero for the period presented.

F-7

ARCHIMEDES TECH SPAC PARTNERS II CO.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

FEBRUARY 12, 2025

Concentration of Credit Risk

Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of a cash account in a financial institution, which, at times may exceed the Federal Depository Insurance Corporation coverage of $250,000. Any loss incurred or a lack of access to such funds could have a significant adverse impact on the Companys financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.

Fair Value of Financial Instruments

The fair value of the Companys assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement, approximates the carrying amounts represented in the balance sheet, primarily due to their short-term nature.

Fair Value Measurement

The fair value of the Companys financial assets and liabilities reflects managements estimate of amounts that the Company would have received in connection with the sale of the assets or paid in connection with the transfer of the liabilities in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. In connection with measuring the fair value of its assets and liabilities, the Company seeks to maximize the use of observable inputs (market data obtained from independent sources) and to minimize the use of unobservable inputs (internal assumptions about how market participants would price assets and liabilities). The following fair value hierarchy is used to classify assets and liabilities based on the observable inputs and unobservable inputs used in order to value the assets and liabilities:

Level 1: 

Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. An active market for an asset or liability is a market in which transactions for the asset or liability occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis.

Level 2: 

Observable inputs other than Level 1 inputs. Examples of Level 2 inputs include quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities and quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets that are not active.

Level 3: 

Unobservable inputs based on assessment of the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability.

Warrant Instruments

The Company accounted for the Public and Private Placement Warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering and the private placement in accordance with the guidance contained in FASB ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging, whereby under that provision, the warrants that do not meet the criteria for equity treatment must be recorded as liability. Accordingly, the Company evaluated and classified the warrant instruments under equity treatment at their assigned values.

The fair value of the Public Warrants is $1,725,000, or $0.15 per Public Warrant. The fair value of Public Warrants was determined using Monte Carlo Simulation Model. The Public Warrants have been classified within shareholders deficit and will not require remeasurement after issuance. The following table presents the quantitative information regarding market assumptions used in the valuation of the Public Warrants:

February 12,

2025 

Implied ordinary share price $ 9.93 

Exercise price $ 11.50 

Simulation term (years) 6.5 

Risk-free rate (continuous) 4.49 %

Selected volatility 3.0 %

Calculated value per warrant $ 0.15 

Probability of de-SPAC and market adjustment 11.0 %

Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption

The public shares contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such public shares in connection with the Companys liquidation, or if there is a shareholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Companys initial Business Combination. In accordance with ASC 480-10-S99, the Company classifies public shares subject to possible redemption outside of permanent equity as the redemption provisions are not solely within the control of the Company. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and will adjust the carrying value of redeemable shares to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Immediately upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company recognized the accretion from initial book value to redemption amount value. The change in the carrying value of redeemable shares will result in charges against additional paid-in capital (to the extent available) and accumulated deficit. Accordingly, as of February 12, 2025, the ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders deficit section of the Companys balance sheet. As of February 12, 2025, the ordinary shares subject to possible redemption reflected in the balance sheet are reconciled in the following table:

Gross proceeds $ 230,000,000 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants (1,725,000 )

Ordinary shares issuance costs (13,058,326 )

Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 15,933,326 

Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, February 12, 2025 $ 231,150,000 

F-8

ARCHIMEDES TECH SPAC PARTNERS II CO.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

FEBRUARY 12, 2025

Recent Accounting Standards

In August 2020, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entitys Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) (ASU 2020-06), to simplify certain financial instruments. ASU 2020-06 eliminates the current models that require separation of beneficial conversion and cash conversion features from convertible instruments and simplifies the derivative scope exception guidance pertaining to equity classification of contracts in an entitys own equity. The new standard also introduces additional disclosures for convertible debt and freestanding instruments that are indexed to and settled in an entitys own equity. ASU 2020-06 amends the diluted earnings per share guidance, including the requirement to use the if-converted method for all convertible instruments. ASU 2020-06 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023 and should be applied on a full or modified retrospective basis. Early adoption is permitted, but no earlier than fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company adopted ASU 2020-06 as of inception, June 7, 2024. There was no effect to the Companys presented financial statement.

In November 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-07, Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures. The amendments in this ASU require disclosures, on an annual and interim basis, of significant segment expenses that are regularly provided to the chief operating officer decision maker (CODM), as well as the aggregate amount of other segment items included in the reported measure of segment profit or loss. The ASU requires that a public entity disclose the title and position of the CODM and an explanation of how the CODM uses the reported measure(s) of segment profit or loss in assessing segment performance and deciding how to allocate resources. Public entities will be required to provide all annual disclosures currently required by Topic 280 in interim periods, and entities with a single reportable segment are required to provide all the disclosures required by the amendments in this ASU and existing segment disclosures in Topic 280. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024, with early adoption permitted. The Company adopted ASU 2023-07 on December 31, 2024.

Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Companys financial statement.

NOTE 3 INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING

Pursuant to the Initial Public Offering, the Company sold 23,000,000 Units, which includes a full exercise by the underwriter of their over-allotment option of 3,000,000 Units, at a price of $10.00 per Unit. Each Unit consists of one ordinary share and one-half Public Warrant. Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment (Note 7).

NOTE 4 PRIVATE PLACEMENT

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of an aggregate of 840,000 Private Placement Units at a price of $10.00 per Private Placement Unit in a private placement to the Sponsor and BTIG, generating gross proceeds of $8,400,000. Each Private Placement Unit consists of one ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant (Private Placement Warrants), with each whole Private Placement Warrant entitling the holder to purchase one ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment (Note 7). The proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Units are added to the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Completion Window, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Units held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law).

NOTE 5 RELATED PARTIES

Founder Shares

On June 7, 2024, the Sponsor made a capital contribution of $25,000 to cover certain of the Companys expenses, for which the Company issued 5,750,000 ordinary shares (the Founder Shares).

Pursuant to a letter agreement that the initial shareholders, directors and officers have entered into with the Company, with certain limited exceptions, the Founder Shares are not transferable, assignable or salable (except to directors and officers and other persons or entities affiliated with the initial shareholders, each of whom will be subject to the same transfer restrictions) until the earlier of: (i) six months after the completion of the initial Business Combination; and (ii) subsequent to the initial Business Combination, the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of the public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Founder Shares will be released from the lock-up if (1) the last reported sale price of the Companys ordinary shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and other similar transactions) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period after the initial Business Combination or (2) if the Company completes a transaction after the initial Business Combination which results in all of the Companys shareholders having the right to exchange their shares for cash, securities or other property.

F-9

ARCHIMEDES TECH SPAC PARTNERS II CO.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

FEBRUARY 12, 2025

Administrative Support Agreement

Commencing on the effective date, January 10, 2025, the Company agreed to reimburse the Sponsor or an affiliate thereof in an amount equal to $10,000 per month for office space, administrative and support services. Upon completion of the initial Business Combination or the Companys liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. As of February 12, 2025, there has been $1,000 accrued under this agreement under accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheet.

Promissory Note Related Party

On June 7, 2024, the Sponsor issued an unsecured promissory note to the Company (as amended, the Promissory Note), pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of $290,000. The Promissory Note was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) March 31, 2025 or (ii) the consummation of the Initial Public Offering or (iii) the date on which the Company determines to not proceed with the Initial Public Offering. As of February 12, 2025, the Company had borrowed $290,000 under the Promissory Note which was repaid simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering. Borrowings under this note are no longer available.

Working Capital Loans

In order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Companys officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (Working Capital Loans). If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lenders discretion, up to $1,500,000 of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into units of the post-Business Combination entity at a price of $10.00 per unit. The units would be identical to the Private Placement Units. As of February 12, 2025, no Working Capital Loans were outstanding.

NOTE 6 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

Risks and Uncertainties

The United States and global markets are experiencing volatility and disruption following the geopolitical instability resulting from the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict and the recent escalation of the Israel-Hamas conflict. In response to the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) deployed additional military forces to eastern Europe, and the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and other countries have announced various sanctions and restrictive actions against Russia, Belarus and related individuals and entities, including the removal of certain financial institutions from the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT) payment system. Certain countries, including the United States, have also provided and may continue to provide military aid or other assistance to Ukraine and to Israel, increasing geopolitical tensions among a number of nations. The invasion of Ukraine by Russia and the escalation of the Israel-Hamas conflict and the resulting measures that have been taken, and could be taken in the future, by NATO, the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union, Israel and its neighboring states and other countries have created global security concerns that could have a lasting impact on regional and global economies. Although the length and impact of the ongoing conflicts are highly unpredictable, they could lead to market disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices, credit and capital markets, as well as supply chain interruptions and increased cyber-attacks against U.S. companies. Additionally, any resulting sanctions could adversely affect the global economy and financial markets and lead to instability and lack of liquidity in capital markets.

F-10

ARCHIMEDES TECH SPAC PARTNERS II CO.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

FEBRUARY 12, 2025

Any of the above-mentioned factors, or any other negative impact on the global economy, capital markets or other geopolitical conditions resulting from the Russian invasion of Ukraine, the escalation of the Israel-Hamas conflict and subsequent sanctions or related actions, could adversely affect the Companys search for an initial Business Combination and any target business with which the Company may ultimately consummate an initial Business Combination.

Registration Rights

The holders of the Founder Shares, Private Placement Units (and underlying securities) and any units (and underlying securities) that may be issued on conversion of Working Capital Loans are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of the Initial Public Offering requiring the Company to register such securities for resale (in the case of the Founder Shares, only after conversion to ordinary shares). The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form registration demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggyback registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of the initial Business Combination and rights to require the Company to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. However, the registration rights agreement provides that the Company will not be required to effect or permit any registration or cause any registration statement to become effective until termination of the applicable lock-up period. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.

Underwriting Agreement

The Company granted the underwriters a 45-day option from the date of Initial Public Offering to purchase up to 3,000,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On February 12, 2025, the underwriters exercised their over-allotment option, closing on the 3,000,000 additional Units simultaneously with the Initial Public Offering.

The underwriters were paid a cash underwriting discount of $0.20 per Unit, or $4,600,000 in the aggregate upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. In addition, the underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of $0.35 per Unit, or $8,050,000 in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement.

NOTE 7 SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT

Preference Shares The Company is authorized to issue 1,000,000 preference shares with a par value of $0.0001 per share with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Companys board of directors. As of February 12, 2025, there were no preference shares issued or outstanding.

Ordinary Shares The Company is authorized to issue 400,000,000 ordinary shares with a par value of $0.0001 per share. Holders of ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share. As of February 12, 2025, there were 6,590,000 ordinary shares issued and outstanding, excluding the 23,000,000 shares subject to possible redemption.

Warrants As of February 12, 2025, there were 11,920,000 warrants outstanding, including 11,500,000 Public Warrants and 420,000 Private Placement Warrants. Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units and only whole warrants will trade. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination and (b) 12 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The Public Warrants will expire five years after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation.

F-11

ARCHIMEDES TECH SPAC PARTNERS II CO.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

FEBRUARY 12, 2025

The Company will not be obligated to deliver any ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the ordinary shares underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to the Company satisfying its obligations with respect to registration. No warrant will be exercisable and the Company will not be obligated to issue ordinary shares upon exercise of a warrant unless ordinary shares issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants.

The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than twenty (20) business days after the closing of a Business Combination, it will use its best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the ordinary share issuable upon exercise of the warrants, to cause such registration statement to become effective and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60th business day after the closing of a Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective within a specified period following the consummation of a Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, provided that such exemption is available. If that exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis.

Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding Public Warrants:

in whole and not in part;

at a price of $0.01 per Public Warrant;

upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption, referred to as the 30-day redemption period; and

if, and only if, the last sale price of ordinary shares equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share consolidations, share capitalizations, rights issuances, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders.

If the Company calls the warrants for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so on a cashless basis. In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, management will consider, among other factors, the Companys cash position, the number of warrants that are outstanding and the dilutive effect on the Companys shareholders of issuing the maximum number of ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Companys warrants. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value shall mean the highest closing sale price of the ordinary share for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants.

F-12

ARCHIMEDES TECH SPAC PARTNERS II CO.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

FEBRUARY 12, 2025

In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than $9.20 per ordinary shares (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60% of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the Market Value is below $9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the $18.00 per share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price.

The Private Placement Warrants will be identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units being sold in the Initial Public Offering, subject to certain limited exceptions. 

NOTE 8 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

The Company evaluated subsequent events and transactions that occurred after the February 12, 2025 balance sheet date through February 19, 2025, the date that the financial statement was available to be issued. Based upon this review, the Company did not identify any subsequent events that would have required adjustment or disclosure in the financial statement.

F-13
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>noticker-20250212.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000 - Document - Document And Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink 
link:presentationLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>noticker-20250212_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>noticker-20250212_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Entity [Domain] 

Legal Entity [Axis] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Information [Table] 

Document, Type 

Document, Period End Date 

Entity, Registrant Name 

Entity, Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity, File Number 

Entity, Address, Address Line One 

Entity, Address, City or Town 

Entity, Address, State or Province 

Entity, Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Entity, Emerging Growth Company 

Entity, Ex Transition Period 

Amendment Flag 

Entity, Central Index Key 

Class of Stock [Axis] 

Class of Stock [Domain] 

UnitsEachConsistingOfOneOrdinaryShareAndOnehalfOfOneRedeemableWarrant Custom [Member] 

OrdinarySharesParValueOf00001PerShare Custom [Member] 

Warrants Custom [Member]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>noticker-20250212_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document And Entity Information

Feb. 12, 2025

Document Information [Line Items] 

Entity, Registrant Name Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners II Co.

Document, Type 8-K

Document, Period End Date Feb. 12, 2025

Entity, Incorporation, State or Country Code E9

Entity, File Number 001-42514

Entity, Address, Address Line One 2093 Philadelphia Pike #1968

Entity, Address, City or Town Claymont

Entity, Address, State or Province DE

Entity, Address, Postal Zip Code 19703

City Area Code 725

Local Phone Number 312-2430

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity, Emerging Growth Company true

Entity, Ex Transition Period false

Amendment Flag false

Entity, Central Index Key 0002028516

UnitsEachConsistingOfOneOrdinaryShareAndOnehalfOfOneRedeemableWarrant Custom [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Units, each consisting of one Ordinary Share and one-half of one redeemable Warrant

Trading Symbol ATIIU

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

OrdinarySharesParValueOf00001PerShare Custom [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Ordinary Shares, par value of $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol ATII

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Warrants Custom [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants

Trading Symbol ATIIW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=noticker_UnitsEachConsistingOfOneOrdinaryShareAndOnehalfOfOneRedeemableWarrantCustomMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=noticker_OrdinarySharesParValueOf00001PerShareCustomMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=noticker_WarrantsCustomMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
4 
22 
1 
false 
3 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000 - Document - Document And Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.noticker.com/20250212/role/statement-document-and-entity-information 
Document And Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

atii20250219_8k.htm 
noticker-20250212.xsd 
noticker-20250212_def.xml 
noticker-20250212_lab.xml 
noticker-20250212_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001437749-25-004417-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>atii20250219_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0002028516 

2025-02-12 
2025-02-12 

0002028516 

noticker:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneOrdinaryShareAndOnehalfOfOneRedeemableWarrantCustomMember 

2025-02-12 
2025-02-12 

0002028516 

noticker:OrdinarySharesParValueOf00001PerShareCustomMember 

2025-02-12 
2025-02-12 

0002028516 

noticker:WarrantsCustomMember 

2025-02-12 
2025-02-12 

false 
0002028516 
8-K 
2025-02-12 
Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners II Co. 
E9 
001-42514 
2093 Philadelphia Pike #1968 
Claymont 
DE 
19703 
725 
312-2430 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Units, each consisting of one Ordinary Share and one-half of one redeemable Warrant 
ATIIU 
NASDAQ 
Ordinary Shares, par value of $0.0001 per share 
ATII 
NASDAQ 
Warrants 
ATIIW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>