<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-054821.txt : 20250314
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-054821.hdr.sgml : 20250314
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250314162225
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-054821
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250312
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250314
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250314

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AES CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000874761
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COGENERATION SERVICES & SMALL POWER PRODUCERS [4991]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				541163725
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12291
		FILM NUMBER:		25740317

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4300 WILSON BOULEVARD
		CITY:			ARLINGTON
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			22203
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7035221315

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4300 WILSON BOULEVARD
		CITY:			ARLINGTON
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			22203

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AES CORPORATION
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930328
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d746605d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

AES CORPfalse000087476100008747612025-03-122025-03-12

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 12, 2025

THE AES CORPORATION

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-12291 54-1163725

(State or other jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

4300 Wilson Boulevard 

Arlington, 

VA 22203

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code:

(703)522-1315

NOT APPLICABLE

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share AES New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement 

On March 12, 2025, The AES Corporation (the Company or AES) entered into an Underwriting Agreement (the Underwriting Agreement), among AES and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., BNP Paribas Securities Corp., BofA Securities, Inc., MUFG Securities Americas Inc. and Santander US Capital Markets LLC, as representatives of the several underwriters named therein, pursuant to which AES agreed to offer and sell $800,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 5.800% Senior Notes due 2032 (the Notes) at a public offering price of 100.000% of the principal amount thereof. AES intends to use the net proceeds from the offering of the Notes to fund the concurrent tender offer to purchase any and all of its outstanding 3.300% Senior Notes due 2025 (the Tender Offer) and to pay certain related fees and expenses. The Company intends to use any remaining net proceeds from the proposed offering after completion of the Tender Offer to retire certain other outstanding indebtedness and for general corporate purposes. The closing of the offering of the Notes is expected to occur, subject to certain customary conditions, on March 20, 2025. 

The above description of the Underwriting Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Underwriting Agreement, which is attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 1.1. 

Safe Harbor Disclosure 

This Current Report on Form 8-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933 and of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements are not intended to be a guarantee of future results, but instead constitute the Companys current expectations based on reasonable assumptions. Such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to the proposed use of proceeds from the offering of the Notes. Forward-looking statements are not intended to be a guarantee of future results, but instead constitute AES current expectations based on reasonable assumptions. 

Actual results could differ materially from those projected in AES forward-looking statements due to risks, uncertainties and other factors. Important factors that could affect actual results are discussed in the prospectus supplement related to the offering and AES filings with the SEC, including, but not limited to, the risks discussed under Item 1A: Risk Factors and Item 7: Managements Discussion & Analysis in AES 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K and in subsequent reports filed with the SEC. Potential investors are encouraged to read AES filings to learn more about the risk factors associated with AES business. AES undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except where required by law. 

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits 

Exhibit

No. Description

1.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated March 12, 2025, among The AES Corporation and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., BNP Paribas Securities Corp., BofA Securities, Inc., MUFG Securities Americas Inc. and Santander US Capital Markets LLC, as representatives of the several underwriters

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURE 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

The AES CORPORATION

Dated: March 14, 2025 By: 

/s/ Stephen Coughlin

Name: Stephen Coughlin

Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d746605dex11.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-1.1
<TEXT>
EX-1.1

Exhibit 1.1 

THE AES CORPORATION 

$800,000,000
5.800% Senior Notes Due 2032 

Underwriting Agreement 

March 12, 2025 

Citigroup Global Markets Inc. 

388 Greenwich Street 

New York, New York 10013 

BNP Paribas Securities Corp. 

787 Seventh Avenue 

New York, New York 10019 

BofA Securities, Inc. 

One Bryant Park 

New York, New York 10036 

MUFG Securities Americas Inc. 

1221 Avenue of the Americas, 6th Floor 

New York, New York 10020 

Santander US Capital Markets LLC 

437 Madison Avenue 

New York, New York 10022 

As Representatives of the several
Underwriters listed in Schedule A hereto 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

Introductory. The AES Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company), proposes, upon the terms and conditions set forth in this
agreement (the Agreement), to issue and sell to Citigroup Global Markets Inc. (CGMI), BNP Paribas Securities Corp. (BNPP), BofA Securities, Inc. (BofA), MUFG Securities
Americas Inc. (MUFG), Santander US Capital Markets LLC (Santander) and the several underwriters named on Schedule A hereto (the Underwriters) for whom CGMI, BNPP, BofA, MUFG and Santander are
acting as representatives (in such capacity, the Representatives), $800,000,000 principal amount of its 5.800% Senior Notes due 2032 (the Securities). The Securities will be issued pursuant to an indenture dated
as of December 8, 1998, as amended and supplemented (the Base Indenture), between the Company and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas (as a successor to Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.), as trustee (the Trustee).
Certain terms of the Securities will be established pursuant to a supplemental indenture dated as of the Closing Date (as defined in Section 3 hereof) (the Supplemental Indenture and, together with the Base Indenture, the
Indenture). 

1. Representations and Warranties. The Company represents and warrants to, and agrees
with, each of the Underwriters as of the date hereof that: 

(a) Registration Statement and Prospectus. The Company
has prepared and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) a registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-263244),
which contains a base prospectus (the Base Prospectus), to be used in connection with the public offering and sale of the Securities. Such registration statement, as amended, including the financial statements, exhibits and
schedules thereto, at each time of effectiveness under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (collectively, the Securities Act), including any required information deemed to
be a part thereof at the time of effectiveness pursuant to Rule 430B or 430C under the Securities Act or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (collectively, the Exchange
Act), is called the Registration Statement. Any preliminary prospectus supplement relating to the Securities that is filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b), together with the Base Prospectus, is hereafter
called a Preliminary Prospectus. The term Prospectus shall mean the final prospectus supplement relating to the Securities that is first filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) after the date and time that this Agreement
is executed and delivered by the parties hereto, including the Base Prospectus. Any reference herein to the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include the documents incorporated by
reference therein pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3 under the Securities Act; any reference to any amendment or supplement to any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include
any documents filed after the date of such Preliminary Prospectus or Prospectus, as the case may be, under the Exchange Act, and incorporated by reference in such Preliminary Prospectus or Prospectus, as the case may be; and any reference to any
amendment to the Registration Statement shall be deemed to refer to and include any annual report of the Company filed pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act after the effective date of the Registration Statement that is
incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement. 

(b) Compliance with Registration Requirements. The Company
meets the requirements for use of Form S-3 under the Securities Act. The Registration Statement has become effective upon filing with the Commission under the Securities Act. No stop order suspending the
effectiveness of the Registration Statement is in effect, the Commission has not issued any order or notice preventing or suspending the use of the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus and no proceedings for such
purpose or pursuant to Section 8A of the Securities Act have been instituted or are pending or, to the best knowledge of the Company, are contemplated or threatened by the Commission. Each of the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus when
filed complied in all material respects with the Securities Act. Each of the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, at each time of effectiveness, at the date hereof and at the Closing Date, complied and will comply in all
material respects with the Securities Act and did not and will not contain any untrue statement of a material 

2 

fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading. The Prospectus, as amended or supplemented, as of its
date, at the time of any filing pursuant to Rule 424(b) and, at the Closing Date, did not and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light
of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The representations and warranties set forth in the two immediately preceding sentences do not apply to statements in or omissions from the Registration Statement or any post-effective
amendment thereto, or the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, or any amendments or supplements thereto, made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by any Underwriter expressly for use therein. The
documents incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package (as defined herein) and the Prospectus, when they were filed with the Commission conformed in all material respects to the requirements of the Exchange Act.
Any further documents so filed and incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus or any further amendment or supplement thereto, when such documents are filed with the Commission will conform in
all material respects to the requirements of the Exchange Act. All documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, as of their respective dates, when taken
together with the other information in the Disclosure Package, at the Applicable Time (as defined herein), and, when taken together with the other information in the Prospectus, at the Closing Date, did not and will not include an untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 

(c) Well-Known Seasoned Issuer. (i) At the time of filing the Registration Statement, (ii) at the time of the
most recent amendment thereto for the purposes of complying with Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act (whether such amendment was by post-effective amendment, incorporated report filed pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act
or form of prospectus), (iii) at the time the Company or any person acting on its behalf (within the meaning, for this clause only, of Rule 163(c) of the Securities Act) made any offer relating to the Securities in reliance on the exemption of Rule
163 of the Securities Act, and (iv) at the Applicable Time (as defined herein) (with such date and time being used as the determination date for purposes of this clause (iv)), the Company was and is a well- known seasoned issuer as
defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. The Registration Statement is an automatic shelf registration statement as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act that has been filed with the Commission not earlier than three years prior to
the Closing Date; the Company has not received from the Commission any notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) of the Securities Act objecting to use of the automatic shelf registration statement form; and the Company has not otherwise ceased to be
eligible to use the automatic shelf registration form. 

3 

(d) Disclosure Package. The term Disclosure
Package shall mean (i) the Base Prospectus as amended or supplemented by any Preliminary Prospectus, (ii) the issuer free writing prospectuses as defined in Rule 433 of the Securities Act (each, an Issuer Free Writing
Prospectus), if any, identified in Schedule B hereto, (iii) any other free writing prospectus that the parties hereto shall hereafter expressly agree in writing to treat as part of the Disclosure Package and (iv) the Final Term
Sheet (as defined herein), which also shall be identified in Schedule B hereto. As of 4:45 p.m., New York City time, on the date of this Agreement (the Applicable Time), the Disclosure Package did not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The preceding sentence does not apply to statements in or
omissions from the Disclosure Package made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by any Underwriter expressly for use therein. 

(e) Company Not Ineligible Issuer. (i) At the earliest time after the filing of the Registration Statement relating
to the Securities that the Company or another offering participant made a bona fide offer (within the meaning of Rule 164(h)(2) of the Securities Act) and (ii) as of the Applicable Time (with such date being used as the determination
date for purposes of this clause (ii)), the Company was not and is not an ineligible issuer (as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act), without taking account of any determination by the Commission pursuant to Rule 405 of the
Securities Act that it is not necessary that the Company be considered an ineligible issuer. 

(f) Issuer
Free Writing Prospectuses. Each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, as of its issue date and at all subsequent times through the completion of the offering of Securities under this Agreement or until any earlier date that the Company notified or
notifies the Representatives as described in the next sentence, did not, does not and will not include any information that conflicted, conflicts or will conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package
or the Prospectus. If at any time following issuance of an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus there occurred or occurs an event or development as a result of which such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus conflicted or would conflict with the information
contained in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, the Company has promptly notified or will promptly notify the Representatives and has promptly amended or supplemented or will promptly amend or supplement, at its
own expense, such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus to eliminate or correct such conflict. Any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus not identified on Schedule B, when taken together with the Disclosure Package, did not, and at the Closing Date will not,
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The foregoing three sentences do not
apply to statements in or omissions from any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by any Underwriter expressly for use therein. 

(g) Distribution of Offering Material by the Company. The Company has not distributed nor will it distribute, prior to
the later of the Closing Date and the completion of the Underwriters distribution of the Securities, any offering material in connection with the offering and sale of the Securities other than the Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus and any
Issuer Free Writing Prospectus reviewed and consented to by the Representatives. 

4 

(h) No Applicable Registration or Other Similar Rights. There are no
persons with registration or other similar rights to have any equity or debt securities registered for sale under the Registration Statement or included in the offering contemplated by this Agreement, except for such rights as have been duly waived.

(i) No Material Adverse Change. Except as otherwise disclosed in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus
(exclusive of any amendment or supplement thereto), there has not been a material adverse change, or any development that could reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse change, in the condition, financial or otherwise, earnings,
business or prospects, whether or not arising from transactions in the ordinary course of business, of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole. 

(j) Exchange Act Compliance. The Company is subject to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act and has
filed all periodic reports required to be filed pursuant to the rules and regulations thereunder. 

(k) Brokers.
Other than the discount provided for pursuant to Section 2 of this Agreement, the Company has not paid or agreed to pay to any person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any of its debt securities. 

(l) No Price Stabilization or Manipulation. None of the Company, its affiliates (as defined in Rule 501(b) of Regulation
D under the Securities Act) (affiliates) or any of its or their respective directors, officers or controlling persons has taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or which has constituted or which might
reasonably be expected to cause or result, under the Exchange Act or otherwise, in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Securities. 

(m) Incorporation and Good Standing of the Company and Its Subsidiaries. The Company and each of its subsidiaries and
affiliates which meets the criteria in the definition of significant subsidiary pursuant to Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X under the Securities Act that is
an operating subsidiary (each, a Principal Subsidiary) is listed in Exhibit A to this Agreement and has been duly incorporated or formed, is validly existing as a corporation or other entity in good standing under the laws of the
jurisdiction of incorporation or organization and has the corporate or other power and authority required to carry on its business as it is currently being conducted and to own, lease and operate its properties, and each is duly qualified and is in
good standing as a foreign corporation or other entity authorized to do business in each jurisdiction in which the nature of its business or its ownership or leasing of property requires such qualification, except where the failure to be so
qualified would not have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition or results of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole. 

5 

(n) Capitalization of Subsidiaries. All of the outstanding shares of
capital stock of, or other ownership interests in Principal Subsidiaries that are owned directly or indirectly by the Company have been duly and validly authorized and issued and are fully paid and
non-assessable, and are owned directly or indirectly by the Company. 

(o) The
Securities. The Securities have been duly authorized by the Company, and, when executed and authenticated in accordance with the provisions of the Indenture and delivered to and paid for by the Underwriters, will be entitled to the benefits of
the Indenture, and will be valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable in accordance with their terms except as the enforceability thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium or
similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and by equitable principles of general applicability. 

(p) The
Indenture. The Base Indenture has been duly qualified under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder. The Base Indenture and the Supplemental Indenture have been duly
authorized by the Company and when the Supplemental Indenture is executed and delivered by the Company and the Trustee, the Indenture will be a valid and binding agreement of the Company, enforceable in accordance with its terms except as the
enforceability thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and by equitable principles of general applicability. 

(q) The Underwriting Agreement. This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company. 

(r) Description of Documents. The Securities and the Indenture conform in all material respects as to legal matters to
the description thereof contained in the Prospectus and the Disclosure Package. 

(s) Common Stock of the Company.
All of the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company have been duly authorized and validly issued, are fully paid and non-assessable and were not issued in violation of any preemptive or similar right.

(t) Non-Violation of Existing Instruments. The Company is not in violation
of its charter or its by-laws, and none of its Principal Subsidiaries is in violation of its respective charter or corresponding formation document or, except for any such violations which would not have a
material adverse effect on the business, financial condition or results of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, is not in violation of its by-laws or corresponding organizational
document nor is the Company or any of the Principal Subsidiaries, except as set forth in the Prospectus and the Disclosure Package, in default in the performance of any obligation, agreement or condition contained in any bond, debenture, note or any
other evidence of indebtedness or in any other agreement, indenture or instrument to which the Company or any of its Principal Subsidiaries is a party or by which it or any of its Principal Subsidiaries or its or their respective property is bound
except for any such defaults which have been waived or which, individually or in the aggregate, would not have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition or results of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a
whole. 

6 

(u) No Further Authorizations or Approvals Required. The execution,
delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement, the Indenture and the Securities and the compliance by the Company with all the provisions hereof and thereof and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or by the
Prospectus and the Disclosure Package (i) will not require any consent, approval, authorization or other order of any court, regulatory body, administrative agency or other governmental body under any federal or state law, including, but not
limited to, the Energy Policy Act of 2005, as amended, except such as may be required by state securities or blue sky laws and (ii) will not conflict with or constitute a breach of any of the terms or provisions of, or a default under, the
charter, by-laws or other organizational documents of the Company or any of the Principal Subsidiaries or any agreement, indenture or other instrument to which it or any of the Principal Subsidiaries is a
party or by which it or any of the Principal Subsidiaries or its or their respective property is bound, and will not violate or conflict with any laws, administrative regulations or rulings or court decrees applicable to the Company, any of the
Principal Subsidiaries or its or their respective property, except with respect to state securities or blue sky laws and except (other than with respect to the charter and by-laws or other organizational
documents of the Company) for any such conflicts, breaches, defaults or violations which, individually or in the aggregate, would not have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition or results of operations of the Company and its
subsidiaries, taken as a whole. 

(v) No Material Actions or Proceedings. Except as set forth in the Prospectus and
the Disclosure Package, there are no material legal or governmental proceedings pending to which the Company or any of the Principal Subsidiaries is a party or to which any of their respective property is the subject, and, to the best of the
Companys knowledge, no such proceedings are threatened or contemplated. 

(w) SEC Correspondence. The Company
has not received from the Commission any written comments, questions or requests for modification of disclosure in respect of any reports filed with the Commission pursuant to the Exchange Act and incorporated by reference into the Prospectus and
the Disclosure Package, except for comments, questions or requests (i) that have been satisfied by the provision of supplemental information to the staff of the Commission, (ii) in respect of which the Company has complied through
appropriate disclosure in reports subsequently filed by it with the Commission pursuant to the Exchange Act, or (iii) copies of which the Company has provided to you. 

(x) ERISA Compliance. Except as set forth in the Prospectus and the Disclosure Package, neither the Company nor any of
the Principal Subsidiaries has violated any U.S. federal or state law relating to discrimination in the hiring, promotion or pay of employees nor any applicable U.S. federal or state wages and hours laws, or any provisions of the Employee Retirement
Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, except for any such violations which would not have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition or results of operations of the Company
and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole. 

7 

(y) Title to Properties. Except as set forth in the Prospectus and
the Disclosure Package, the Company and each of the Principal Subsidiaries has good and marketable title, free and clear of all liens, claims, encumbrances and restrictions, except liens for taxes not yet due and payable, to all property and assets
described in the Prospectus and the Disclosure Package as being owned by it, except for any such instances which would not have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition or results of operations of the Company and its
subsidiaries, taken as a whole. All leases to which the Company or any of the Principal Subsidiaries is a party are valid and binding and no default by the Company or any such Principal Subsidiary, or, to the best of the Companys knowledge, by
any other party to any such leases, has occurred or is continuing thereunder, except for any such defaults which would not have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition or results of operations of the Company and its
subsidiaries, taken as a whole; and the Company and the Principal Subsidiaries enjoy peaceful and undisturbed possession under all such leases to which any of them is a party as lessee with such exceptions as do not materially interfere with the use
made by the Company or such Principal Subsidiary. 

(z) Independent Accountants of the Company. Ernst &
Young LLP is an independent registered public accounting firm with respect to the Company as required by the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). 

(aa) Preparation of Financial Statements of the Company. The financial statements of the Company, together with related
schedules and notes, filed with the Commission as a part of or incorporated by reference in the Prospectus and the Disclosure Package (and any amendment or supplement thereto), present fairly the consolidated financial position or results of
operations and statements of cash flow of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries on the basis stated therein at the respective dates and for the respective periods to which they apply; such statements and related schedules and notes have been
prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied throughout the periods involved, except as disclosed therein; and the other financial and statistical information and data set forth in the Prospectus and the
Disclosure Package (and any amendment or supplement thereto), in all material respects, present fairly the information purported to be shown thereby at the respective dates or for the respective periods to which they apply and have been prepared on
a basis consistent with such financial statements and the books and records of the Company. Such financial statements and supporting schedules comply as to form with the applicable accounting requirements of Regulation
S-X and have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles as applied in the United States applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods involved, except as may be expressly
stated in the related notes thereto. No other financial statements or supporting schedules are required to be included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement. The financial data set forth in the Preliminary Prospectus and the
Prospectus under the caption SummarySummary Historical Consolidated Financial Information, 

8 

fairly present the information set forth therein on a basis consistent with that of the audited financial statements contained or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement. The
interactive data in eXtensbile Business Reporting Language included or incorporated by reference in the Prospectus and the Disclosure Package (and any amendment or supplement thereto) fairly presents the information called for in all material
respects and has been prepared in accordance with the Commissions rules and guidelines applicable thereto. 

(bb)
All Necessary Permits, etc. Each of the Company and the Principal Subsidiaries has such permits, licenses, franchises and authorizations of governmental or regulatory authorities (permits) which are required to have been
obtained by it prior to the date hereof and which are material to the ownership or leasing and operation of or construction of its respective properties and to the conduct of its business in the manner described in the Prospectus and the Disclosure
Package, except for any such permits, the failure of which to have, individually or in the aggregate, would not have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition or results of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken
as a whole, and subject to such qualifications as may be set forth in the Prospectus and the Disclosure Package; each of the Company and the Principal Subsidiaries has fulfilled and performed all of its material obligations with respect to such
permits required to have been fulfilled and performed prior to the date hereof and no event has occurred which allows, or after notice or lapse of time would allow, revocation or termination thereof or result in any other material impairment of the
rights of the holder of any such permit, subject in each case to such qualification as may be set forth in the Prospectus and the Disclosure Package; and, except as described in the Prospectus and the Disclosure Package, such permits do not
materially interfere with the use or operation of the electric power generation facilities of the Principal Subsidiaries as currently used or operated or as contemplated to be used or operated. 

(cc) Compliance with Utilities Regulations. Each of the Companys domestic generating facilities (other than the
generating facilities of Indianapolis Power & Light Company and The Dayton Power and Light Company) is either a qualifying small power production facility or a qualifying cogeneration facility under the Federal Power
Act, as amended by Section 201 of the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 and the regulations of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission promulgated thereunder or is owned by an exempt wholesale generator under the
Public Utility Holding Company Act of 2005 and the regulations of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission promulgated thereunder, and each such facilitys current use, operation and ownership are consistent with such facilitys status as
a qualifying facility or as being owned by an exempt wholesale generator, as the case may be. 

(dd)
Company Not an Investment Company. The Company is not, and after giving effect to the offering and issuance of the Securities and the application of the proceeds thereof will not be required to register as an investment
company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder (the Investment Company Act). 

9 

(ee) Compliance with and Liability Under Environmental Laws. Except
as set forth in the Prospectus and the Disclosure Package, each of the Company, each Principal Subsidiary and any other subsidiary or entity which the Company may be deemed to operate is in compliance with all applicable foreign, federal, state and
local environmental (including, without limitation, the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation & Liability Act of 1980, as amended), safety or similar law, rule and regulation, and there are no costs or liabilities associated
with any such law, rule or regulation, except for any such non-compliances, costs or liabilities which, individually or in the aggregate, would not have a material adverse effect on the business, financial
condition or results of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole. 

(ff) Capitalization. The
Companys authorized capitalization is as set forth in the Prospectus and the Disclosure Package. 

(gg) Internal
Controls and Procedures; Disclosure Controls. Except as disclosed in the Prospectus and the Disclosure Package, the Company and each of its Principal Subsidiaries maintain (i) effective internal control over financial reporting as defined
in Rule 13a-15 and Rule 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, and (ii) a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurances that
(A) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; (B) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain
accountability for assets; (C) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; and (D) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable
intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. Except as disclosed in the Prospectus and the Disclosure Package, the Company and each of its Principal Subsidiaries maintain an effective system of disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act) that is designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits under the
Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms, including controls and procedures designed to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to
the Companys management as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. The Company and its Principal Subsidiaries have carried out evaluations of the effectiveness of their disclosure controls and procedures as
required by Rule 13a-15 of the Exchange Act. 

(hh) Sarbanes-Oxley
Compliance. Except as otherwise disclosed in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there is and has been no failure on the part of the Company or any of the Companys directors or officers, in their capacities as such, to comply in all
material respects with any provision of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and regulations promulgated in connection therewith (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act), including Section 402 related to loans and Sections 302 and
906 related to certifications. 

10 

(ii) No Unlawful Contributions or Other Payments. Neither the Company
nor any of its subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any director, officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is aware of or has taken any action, directly or indirectly, that would result in a
violation by such persons of the FCPA that would be material to this transaction, including, without limitation, making use of the mails or any means or instrumentality of interstate commerce corruptly in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to
pay or authorization of the payment of any money, or other property, gift, promise to give, or authorization of the giving of anything of value to any foreign official (as such term is defined in the FCPA) or any foreign political party
or official thereof or any candidate for foreign political office, and the Company, its subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of the Company, its affiliates have conducted their businesses in a manner reasonably expected to ensure compliance with the
FCPA and have instituted and maintain policies and procedures designed to ensure, and which are reasonably expected to continue to ensure, continued compliance therewith. FCPA means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as
amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder. 

(jj) No Conflict with Money Laundering Laws. The operations of
the Company and its subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in material compliance with all applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements, including those of the Bank Secrecy Act, as amended by Title III of the Uniting
and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (USA Patriot
Act), and the applicable anti-money laundering statutes of jurisdictions where the Company and its subsidiaries conduct business, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines, issued,
administered or enforced by any governmental agency (collectively, the Anti-Money Laundering Laws), and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the
Company or any of its subsidiaries with respect to the Anti-Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the best knowledge of the Company, threatened. 

(kk) No Conflict with OFAC Laws. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries, directors, officers nor, to the
Companys knowledge, any agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is currently the subject of any sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department
(OFAC); and the Company will not directly or indirectly use the proceeds of the offering, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds, to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other person or entity, for the
purpose of financing the activities of or with any person or entity or in any country or territory that, at the time of such financing, is the subject of OFAC. 

(ll) Cybersecurity. (A) (i) There has been no security breach or incident, unauthorized access or disclosure, or
other compromise of or relating to any of the Companys or its subsidiaries information technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data and databases (including the data and information of their respective customers,
employees, suppliers, vendors and any third-party data maintained, 

11 

processed or stored by the Company or its subsidiaries, and any such data processed or stored by third parties on behalf of the Company or its subsidiaries), equipment or technology
(collectively, IT Systems and Data) and (ii) the Company and its subsidiaries have not been notified of any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in, any material security breach or incident,
unauthorized access or disclosure or other compromise to their IT Systems and Data; (B) the Company and its subsidiaries are presently in compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any
court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use, access,
misappropriation or modification; and (C) the Company and its subsidiaries have implemented appropriate controls, policies, procedures, and technological safeguards to maintain and protect the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and
security of their IT Systems and Data reasonably consistent with industry standards and practices, or as required by applicable regulatory standards, except as would not, in the case of each of clause (A) and (B) above, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition or results of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole. 

Any certificate signed by any officer of the Company and delivered to the Representatives or counsel for the Underwriters in connection with
the offering of the Securities shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company to each Underwriter as to matters covered thereby. 

2. Purchase and Sale. Subject to the terms and conditions and in reliance upon the representations and warranties herein set forth, the
Company agrees to sell to each Underwriter, and each Underwriter agrees, severally and not jointly, to purchase from the Company at a purchase price of 99.375% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued interest, if any, from March 20, 2025
to the Closing Date, the Securities, as set forth opposite such Underwriters name in Schedule A hereto. 

3. Delivery and
Payment. 

(a) Delivery and Payment. Delivery of and payment for the Securities shall be made at or about 10:00
a.m., New York City time, on March 20, 2025, which date and time may be postponed by agreement among the Underwriters and the Company or as provided in Section 9 hereof (such date and time of delivery and payment for the Securities being
herein called the Closing Date). Delivery of the Securities shall be made to the Underwriters for their respective accounts against payment by the several Underwriters of the purchase price thereof to or upon the order of the
Company by wire transfer payable in same-day funds to the account specified by the Company. Delivery of the Securities shall be made through the facilities of The Depository Trust Company
(DTC) unless the Representatives shall otherwise instruct. 

12 

(b) Public Offering of the Securities. The Representatives hereby
advise the Company that the Underwriters intend to offer for sale to the public, as described in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Securities as soon after this Agreement has been executed as the Representatives, in their sole judgment,
has determined is advisable and practicable. 

(c) Delivery of Prospectus to the Underwriters. Not later than 10:00
a.m., New York City time, on the second business day following the date the Securities are first released by the Underwriters for sale to the public, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered, copies of the Prospectus in such quantities and
at such places as the Representatives shall reasonably request. 

4. Covenants. The Company covenants and agrees with each
Underwriter as follows: 

(a) Representatives Review of Proposed Amendments and Supplements. During the period
beginning at the Applicable Time and ending on the later of the Closing Date or such date, as in the opinion of counsel for the Underwriters, the Prospectus is no longer required by law to be delivered in connection with sales by an Underwriter or
dealer, including in circumstances where such requirement may be satisfied pursuant to Rule 172 (the Prospectus Delivery Period), prior to amending or supplementing the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the
Prospectus, the Company shall furnish to the Representatives for review a copy of each such proposed amendment or supplement, and the Company shall not file or use any such proposed amendment or supplement to which the Representatives reasonably
object. 

(b) Securities Act Compliance. After the date of this Agreement and during the Prospectus Delivery Period,
the Company shall promptly advise the Representatives in writing (i) when the Registration Statement, if not effective at the Applicable Time, shall have become effective, (ii) of the receipt of any comments of, or requests for additional
or supplemental information from, the Commission, (iii) of the time and date of any filing of any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement to any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus,
(iv) of the time and date that any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement becomes effective, and (v) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or of any
order or notice preventing or suspending the use of the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, or of any receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification of the Securities
for sale in any jurisdiction or of the threatening or initiation of any proceedings for any of such purposes (including any notice or order pursuant to Section 8A or Rule 401(g)(2) of the Securities Act). The Company shall use commercially
reasonable efforts to prevent the issuance of any such stop order or notice of prevention or suspension of such use. If the Commission shall enter any such stop order or issue any such notice at any time, the Company will use commercially reasonable
efforts to obtain the lifting or reversal of such order or notice at the earliest possible moment, or, subject to Section 4(a), will file an amendment to the Registration Statement or will file a new registration statement and use its best
efforts to have such amendment or new registration statement declared effective as soon as practicable. Additionally, the Company agrees that it shall comply with the provisions of 

13 

Rules 424(b) and 430B, as applicable, under the Securities Act, including with respect to the timely filing of documents thereunder, and will use commercially reasonable efforts to confirm that
any filings made by the Company under such Rule 424(b) were received in a timely manner by the Commission. 

(c)
Amendments and Supplements to the Registration Statement, Disclosure Package and Prospectus and Other Securities Act Matters. If, during the Prospectus Delivery Period, any event or development shall occur or condition exist as a result of
which the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus as then amended or supplemented would include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein in the light of the
circumstances under which they were made or then prevailing, as the case may be, not misleading, or if it shall be necessary to amend or supplement the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, or to file under the Exchange Act any document incorporated
by reference in the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made or then prevailing, as the case may be, not misleading, or if in the opinion of the
Representatives it is otherwise necessary to amend or supplement the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, or to file under the Exchange Act any document incorporated by reference in the Disclosure Package or the
Prospectus, or to file a new registration statement containing the Prospectus, in order to comply with law, including in connection with the delivery of the Prospectus, the Company agrees to (i) notify the Representatives of any such event or
condition and (ii) promptly prepare (subject to Section 4(a) hereof), file with the Commission (and use its best efforts to have any amendment to the Registration Statement or any new registration statement to be declared effective) and
furnish at its own expense to the Underwriters and to dealers, amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, or any new registration statement, necessary in order to make the statements in the
Registration Statement not misleading or the statements in the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus as so amended or supplemented, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made or then prevailing, as the case may be, not misleading or
so that the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, as amended or supplemented, will comply with law. 

(d) Blue Sky Compliance. The Company shall cooperate with the Representatives and counsel for the Underwriters to
qualify or register the Securities for sale by the Underwriters under (or obtain exemptions from the application of) the state securities or blue sky laws or Canadian provincial securities laws or other foreign laws of those jurisdictions designated
by the Representatives and consented to by the Company, and the Company shall comply in all material respects with such laws and shall continue such qualifications, registrations and exemptions in effect so long as required for the distribution of
the Securities by the Underwriters. The Company shall not be required to (i) qualify as a foreign corporation or other entity or as a dealer in securities in any such jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to so qualify,
(ii) file any general consent to service of process in any such jurisdiction or (iii) subject itself to taxation in any such jurisdiction if it is not otherwise so subject. The Company will advise the

14 

Representatives promptly of the suspension of the qualification or registration of (or any such exemption relating to) the Securities for offering, sale or trading in any jurisdiction or any
initiation or threat of any proceeding for any such purpose, and in the event of the issuance of any order suspending such qualification, registration or exemption, the Company shall use their best efforts to obtain the withdrawal thereof at the
earliest possible moment. 

(e) DTC. The Company will cooperate with the Underwriters and use its best efforts to
permit the Securities to be eligible for clearance and settlement through DTC. 

(f) No Manipulation of Price. The
Company will not take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or result in, or that has constituted or might reasonably be expected to constitute, under the Exchange Act or otherwise, the stabilization or manipulation of the price of
any securities of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Securities. 

(g) Exchange Act Compliance.
During the Prospectus Delivery Period, the Company will file all documents required to be filed with the Commission and the New York Stock Exchange pursuant to Section 13, 14 or 15 of the Exchange Act in the manner and within the time
periods required by the Exchange Act. 

(h) Final Term Sheet. The Company will prepare a final term sheet in a form
approved by the Representatives, and will file such term sheet pursuant to Rule 433(d) under the Securities Act within the time required by such rule (such term sheet, the Final Term Sheet). 

(i) Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses. The Company represents that it has not made, and agrees that, unless it obtains
the prior written consent of the Representatives, it will not make, any offer relating to the Securities that constitutes or would constitute an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or that otherwise constitutes or would constitute a free writing
prospectus (as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act) or a portion thereof required to be filed by the Company with the Commission or retained by the Company under Rule 433 of the Securities Act; provided that the prior written
consent of the Representatives shall be deemed to have been given in respect of the Free Writing Prospectuses included in Schedule B hereto and any electronic road show. Any such free writing prospectus consented to by the Representatives is
hereinafter referred to as a Permitted Free Writing Prospectus. The Company agrees that (i) it has treated and will treat, as the case may be, each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus as an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, and
(ii) has complied and will comply, as the case may be, with the requirements of Rules 164 and 433 of the Securities Act applicable to any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, including in respect of timely filing with the Commission, legending
and record keeping. The Company consents to the use by any Underwriter of a free writing prospectus that (a) is not an issuer free writing prospectus as defined in Rule 433, or (b) contains only (1) information describing
the preliminary terms of the Securities or the offering, (2) information that describes the final terms of the Securities or the offering and that is included in the Final Term Sheet of the Company contemplated in Section 1(d) hereof or
(3) information permitted under Rule 134 under the Securities 

15 

Act; provided that each Underwriter severally covenants with the Company not to take any action without the Companys consent, which consent shall be confirmed in writing, that would
result in the Company being required to file with the Commission under Rule 433(d) under the Securities Act a free writing prospectus prepared by or on behalf of such Underwriter that otherwise would not be required to be filed by the Company
thereunder, but for the action of such Underwriter. 

(j) Copies of Any Amendments and Supplements to the Prospectus.
The Company agrees to furnish to the Representatives, without charge, during the Prospectus Delivery Period, as many copies of the Prospectus and any amendments and supplements thereto (including any documents incorporated or deemed incorporated
by reference therein) and the Disclosure Package as the Representatives may request. 

(k) Copies of the Registration
Statements and the Prospectus. The Company will furnish to the Representatives and counsel for the Underwriters signed copies of the Registration Statement and of each amendment thereto (including exhibits filed therewith or incorporated by
reference therein and documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference therein) and, during the Prospectus Delivery Period, as many copies of each Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus and any supplement thereto and the Disclosure
Package as the Representatives may reasonably request. 

(l) Earnings Statement. As soon as practicable, the Company
will make generally available to its security holders and to the Representatives an earnings statement (which need not be audited) covering a period of at least twelve months beginning with the first fiscal quarter of the Company occurring after the
effective date (as defined in Rule 158 under the Securities Act) of the Registration Statement. 

(m)
Periodic Reporting Obligations. During the Prospectus Delivery Period the Company shall file, on a timely basis, with the Commission and the New York Stock Exchange all reports and documents required to be filed under the Exchange Act. 

(n) Filing Fees. The Company agrees to pay the required Commission filing fees relating to the Securities within the
time required by Rule 456(b)(1) of the Securities Act without regard to the proviso therein and otherwise in accordance with Rules 456(b) and 457(r) of the Securities Act. 

(o) Compliance with Sarbanes-Oxley Act. During the Prospectus Delivery Period, the Company will comply with all
applicable securities and other laws, rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and use its best efforts to cause the Companys directors and officers, in their capacities as such, to comply with such laws,
rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 

16 

(p) Future Reports to the Representatives. During the period of two
years hereafter the Company will furnish to the Representatives (i) to the extent not available on the Commissions Next-Generation EDGAR filing system, as soon as practicable after the end of each fiscal year, copies of the Annual Report
of the Company containing the balance sheet of the Company as of the close of such fiscal year and statements of income, stockholders equity and cash flows for the year then ended and the opinion thereon of the Companys independent
public or certified public accountants; and (ii) to the extent not available on the Commissions Next-Generation EDGAR filing system, as soon as practicable after the filing thereof, copies of each proxy statement, Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, Current Report on Form 8-K or other report filed by the Company with the Commission, the Financial
Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) or any securities exchange. 

(q) Investment Limitation. The
Company shall not invest, or otherwise use the proceeds received by the Company from its sale of the Securities in such a manner as would require the Company or any of its subsidiaries to register as an investment company under the Investment
Company Act. 

(r) Notice of Inability to Use Automatic Shelf Registration Statement Form. If at any time during the
Prospectus Delivery Period, the Company receives from the Commission a notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) or otherwise ceases to be eligible to use the automatic shelf registration statement form, the Company will (i) promptly notify the
Representatives, (ii) promptly file a new registration statement or post-effective amendment on the proper form relating to the Securities, in a form satisfactory to the Representatives, (iii) use its best efforts to cause such
registration statement or post- effective amendment to be declared effective and (iv) promptly notify the Representatives of such effectiveness. The Company will take all other action necessary or appropriate to permit the public offering and
sale of the Securities to continue as contemplated in the registration statement that was the subject of the Rule 401(g)(2) notice or for which the Company has otherwise become ineligible. References herein to the Registration Statement shall
include such new registration statement or post-effective amendment, as the case may be. 

(s) Use of Proceeds. The
Company will use the net proceeds received by it from the sale of the Securities in the manner specified in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus under Use of Proceeds. 

5. Payment of Expenses. The Company agrees to pay all costs, fees and expenses incurred in connection with the performance of
its obligations hereunder and in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, including without limitation (i) all expenses incident to the issuance and delivery of the Securities (including all preparation and printing of certificates
for the Securities), (ii) all necessary issue, transfer and other stamp taxes in connection with the original issuance and sale of the Securities to the Underwriters, (iii) all fees and expenses of the Companys counsel, independent public
or certified public accountants and other advisors, (iv) all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the preparation, printing, filing, shipping and distribution of the Registration Statement (including financial statements, exhibits,
schedules, consents and certificates of experts), each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, each Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, and all amendments and supplements thereto, and the mailing and delivering of copies thereof to the Underwriters
and dealers, this Agreement, the Indenture and the Securities, (v) all filing fees, attorneys fees and expenses incurred by the Company or the Underwriters in connection with qualifying or registering (or obtaining exemptions from the

17 

qualification or registration of) all or any part of the Securities for offer and sale under the securities laws of the several states of the United States, the provinces of Canada or other
jurisdictions designated by the Underwriters (including, without limitation, the cost of preparing, printing and mailing preliminary and final blue sky or legal investment memoranda), (vi) the fees and expenses of the Trustee, including the fees and
disbursements of counsel for the Trustee in connection with the Indenture and the Securities, (vii) any fees payable in connection with the rating of the Securities with the ratings agencies, (viii) the filing fees, if any, for
FINRAs review of the offering of the Securities, and the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel to the Underwriters in connection with compliance with FINRAs rules and regulations in an aggregate amount up to $25,000, (ix) all fees
and expenses (including reasonable fees and expenses of counsel) of the Company in connection with approval of the Securities by DTC for book-entry transfer, and the performance by the Company of its other obligations under this
Agreement and (x) the transportation and other expenses incurred by or on behalf of Company representatives in connection with presentations to prospective purchasers of the Securities, (xi) all other fees, costs and expenses referred to
in Item 14 of Part II of the Registration Statement, and (xii) all other costs and expenses incident to the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder which are not otherwise specifically provided for in this Section 5. It is
understood, however, that, except as provided in this Section 5, Section 7, Section 8 and Section 10 hereof, the Underwriters will pay all of their own costs and expenses, including the fees and expenses of their counsel. 

6. Conditions to the Obligations of the Underwriters. The obligations of the Underwriters to purchase the Securities shall be subject
to the accuracy of the representations and warranties on the part of the Company contained herein at the Applicable Time and the Closing Date, to the accuracy of the statements of the Company made in any certificates pursuant to the provisions
hereof, to the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder and to the following additional conditions: 

(a)
No Ratings Downgrade. Subsequent to the Applicable Time, there shall not have been any downgrading, nor shall any notice have been given of any intended or potential downgrading or of any review for a possible change that does not indicate
the direction of the possible change, in the rating accorded any of the Companys securities by any nationally recognized statistical rating organization, as such term is defined for purposes of Section 3(a)(62) of the Exchange
Act. 

(b) No Material Adverse Change; Officers Certificate. (i) Since the date of the latest balance
sheet included in the Disclosure Package (exclusive of any amendment or supplement thereto), there shall not have been any material adverse change, or any development involving a prospective material adverse change, in (A) the condition,
financial or otherwise, or in the earnings, affairs or business prospects, whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business, of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, from that described in the Disclosure Package (exclusive of
any amendment or supplement thereto), and (B) the capital stock or in the long-term debt of the Company from that set forth in the Disclosure Package (exclusive of any amendment or supplement thereto); (ii) the Company shall have no liability
or obligation, direct or contingent, which is material to the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, other than those reflected in the Disclosure Package (exclusive of any amendment or supplement thereto);

18 

and (iii) the Underwriters shall have received a certificate dated the Closing Date, signed by the Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer or Chief Accounting
Officer of the Company, confirming (x) the matters set forth in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section 6; and (y) the representations and warranties of the Company in this Agreement are true and correct in all material respects
on and as of the Closing Date with the same effect as if made on the Closing Date, and the Company has complied with all the agreements hereunder and satisfied all the conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied hereunder at or prior to the
Closing Date. 

(c) Accountants Comfort Letter for the Company. On the date hereof, the Underwriters shall have
received from Ernst & Young LLP, independent public accountants for the Company, a letter dated the date hereof addressed to the Underwriters, in form and substance satisfactory to the Representatives, covering certain financial information
included in or incorporated by reference in the Disclosure Package and other customary information. 

(d) Compliance with
Registration Requirements; No Stop Order; No Objection from FINRA. For the period from and after the date of this Agreement and prior to the Closing Date and, with respect to the Securities: 

(i) the Company shall have filed the Prospectus with the Commission (including the information required by Rules 430B and 430C
under the Securities Act) in the manner and within the time period required by Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act; 

(ii)
the Final Term Sheet, and any other material required to be filed by the Company pursuant to Rule 433(d) under the Securities Act shall have been filed with the Commission within the applicable time periods prescribed for such filings under such
Rule 433; 

(iii) no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, or any post-effective amendment
to the Registration Statement, shall be in effect and no proceedings for such purpose or pursuant to Section 8A of the Securities Act shall have been instituted or threatened by the Commission; and the Company shall not have received from the
Commission any notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) of the Securities Act objecting to use of the automatic shelf registration statement form; and 

(iv) to the extent any filing with FINRA is required, FINRA shall have advised the Underwriters in writing that it has no
objection to the underwriting and other terms and arrangements related to the offering of the Securities. 

(e) Opinion
of General Counsel or Chief Corporate Counsel for the Company. The Underwriters shall have received on the Closing Date an opinion (reasonably satisfactory to the Representatives and counsel for the Underwriters), dated the Closing Date, of Paul
Freedman, General Counsel for the Company or Jennifer V. Gillcrist, Chief Corporate Counsel for the Company, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Underwriters. 

19 

(f) Opinion of Counsel for the Company. The Underwriters shall have
received on the Closing Date an opinion and letter (reasonably satisfactory to the Representatives and counsel for the Underwriters), dated the Closing Date, of Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP, counsel for the Company, and addressed to the
Representatives, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Underwriters. 

(g) Opinion of Counsel for the
Underwriters. The Underwriters shall have received from Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP, counsel for the Underwriters, such opinion or opinions, dated the Closing Date and addressed to the Underwriters, with respect to the
issuance and sale of the Securities, the Indenture, the Registration Statement, the Prospectus (as amended or supplemented), the Disclosure Package and other related matters as the Underwriters may reasonably require, and the Company shall have
furnished to such counsel such documents as they reasonably request for the purpose of enabling them to pass upon such matters. 

(h) Bring-down Comfort Letter for the Company. On the Closing Date, the Underwriters shall have received from
Ernst & Young LLP, independent public accountants for the Company, a letter dated such date, in form and substance satisfactory to the Representatives, to the effect that they reaffirm the statements made in the letter furnished by them
pursuant to subsection (c) of this Section 6, except that (i) it shall cover certain financial information included in or incorporated by reference into the Prospectus and any amendment or supplement thereto and (ii) the
specified date referred to therein for the carrying out of procedures shall be no more than three business days prior to the Closing Date, as the case may be. 

(i) The Form of Securities. The Securities shall be executed by the Company in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to the Representatives. The Securities shall be eligible for clearance and settlement through DTC. 

(j)
Consents and Approvals. On or prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall have obtained all consents, approvals, authorizations and orders of, and shall have duly made all registrations, qualifications and filings with, any court or
regulatory authority or other governmental agency or instrumentality required in connection with the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, the Indenture and the Securities. 

(k) Indenture. The Company shall have executed and delivered the Indenture, in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to the Representatives, and the Representatives shall have received executed copies thereof. 

(l) Closing
Documents. Prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall have furnished to the Underwriters such further information, certificates and documents as the Underwriters may reasonably request. 

20 

If any condition specified in this Section 6 is not satisfied when and as required to
be satisfied, this Agreement may be terminated by the Representatives by notice to the Company at any time on or prior to the Closing Date, which termination shall be without liability on the part of any party to any other party, except that
Section 5, Section 7, Section 8, Section 14 and Section 17 shall at all times be effective and shall survive such termination. 

The documents required to be delivered by this Section 6 will be delivered at the office of counsel for the Underwriters, at One
Manhattan West, New York, NY 10001 on the Closing Date. 

7. Reimbursement of Underwriters Expenses. If the sale of the
Securities provided for herein is not consummated because of any failure or refusal on the part of the Company to comply with the terms or to fulfill any of the conditions of this Agreement, the Company will reimburse the Underwriters severally on
demand for all out-of-pocket expenses (including reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel) that shall have been incurred by them in connection with the proposed
purchase and sale of the Securities. 

8. Indemnification and Contribution. 

(a) Indemnification of the Underwriters. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter, its
directors, officers, employees, agents and affiliates, and each person, if any, who controls any Underwriter within the meaning of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, against any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense incurred, to which such
Underwriter, director, officer, employee, agent or affiliate or such controlling person may become subject, insofar as such loss, claim, damage, liability or expense (or actions in respect thereof as contemplated below) arises out of or is based
(i) upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement, or any amendment thereto, including any information deemed to be a part thereof pursuant to Rule 430B or 430C under the
Securities Act, or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; or (ii) upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a
material fact contained in any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact, in each case, necessary in order
to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and to reimburse each Underwriter, its officers, directors, employees, agents, affiliates and each such controlling person for any and all
expenses (including, subject to Section 8(c), the fees and disbursements of counsel chosen by the Representatives as such expenses are reasonably incurred by such Underwriter, or its officers, directors, employees, agents and affiliates or such
controlling person in connection with investigating, defending, settling, compromising or paying any such loss, claim, damage, liability, expense or action); provided, however, that the foregoing indemnity agreement shall not apply to
any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense to the extent, but only to the extent, arising out of or based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with written
information furnished to the Company by the Representatives expressly for use in the Registration Statement, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto). The indemnity
agreement set forth in this Section 8(a) shall be in addition to any liabilities that the Company may otherwise have. 

21 

(b) Indemnification of the Company, Directors and Officers. Each
Underwriter agrees, severally and not jointly, to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, each of its directors and officers who sign the Registration Statement and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of the Securities
Act or the Exchange Act, to the same extent as the foregoing indemnity from the Company to each Underwriter, but only with reference to written information relating to such Underwriter furnished to the Company by such Underwriter through the
Representatives specifically for inclusion in the Registration Statement, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto). The Company hereby acknowledges that the only
information that the Underwriters have furnished to the Company through the Representatives expressly for use in the Registration Statement, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or
supplement thereto) are the statements set forth in the seventh paragraph concerning stabilization under the caption Underwriting in the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus. The indemnity agreement set forth in this
Section 8(b) shall be in addition to any liabilities that each Underwriter may otherwise have. 

(c) Notifications
and Other Indemnification Procedures. Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party under this Section 8 of notice of the commencement of any action, such indemnified party will, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against an
indemnifying party under this Section 8, notify the indemnifying party in writing of the commencement thereof; but the failure to so notify the indemnifying party (i) will not relieve it from liability under paragraph (a) or (b) above
unless and to the extent it did not otherwise learn of such action and such failure results in the forfeiture by the indemnifying party of substantial rights and defenses and (ii) will not, in any event, relieve the indemnifying party from any
obligations to any indemnified party other than the indemnification obligation provided in paragraph (a) or (b) above. In case any such action is brought against any indemnified party and such indemnified party seeks or intends to seek
indemnity from an indemnifying party, the indemnifying party will be entitled to participate in, and, to the extent that it shall elect, jointly with all other indemnifying parties similarly notified, by written notice delivered to the indemnified
party promptly after receiving the aforesaid notice from such indemnified party, to assume the defense thereof with counsel satisfactory to such indemnified party; provided, however, if the defendants in any such action include both
the indemnified party and the indemnifying party and the indemnified party shall have reasonably concluded that a conflict may arise between the positions of the indemnifying party and the indemnified party in conducting the defense of any such
action or that there may be legal defenses available to it and/or the other indemnified parties that are different from or additional to those available to the indemnifying party, the indemnified party or parties shall have the right to select
separate counsel to assume such legal defenses and to otherwise participate in the defense of such action on behalf of such indemnified party or parties. Upon receipt 

22 

of notice from the indemnifying party to such indemnified party of such indemnifying partys election so to assume the defense of such action and approval by the indemnified party of
counsel, the indemnifying party will not be liable to such indemnified party under this Section 8 for any legal or other expenses subsequently incurred by such indemnified party in connection with the defense thereof unless (i) the
indemnified party shall have employed separate counsel in accordance with the proviso to the preceding sentence (it being understood, however, that the indemnifying party shall not be liable for the expenses of more than one separate counsel (other
than local counsel), reasonably approved by the indemnifying party (or by the Representatives in the case of Section 8(a)), representing all indemnified parties who are parties to such action) or (ii) the indemnifying party shall not have
employed counsel satisfactory to the indemnified party to represent the indemnified party within a reasonable time after notice of commencement of the action, in each of which cases the fees and expenses of counsel shall be at the expense of the
indemnifying party. 

(d) Settlements. The indemnifying party under this Section 8 shall not be liable for any
settlement of any proceeding effected without its written consent, which shall not be withheld unreasonably, but if settled with such consent or if there be a final judgment for the plaintiff, the indemnifying party agrees to indemnify the
indemnified party against any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense by reason of such settlement or judgment. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, if at any time an indemnified party shall have requested an indemnifying party to reimburse the
indemnified party for fees and expenses of counsel as contemplated by Section 8(c) hereof, the indemnifying party agrees that it shall be liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected without its written consent if (i) such
settlement is entered into more than 30 days after receipt by such indemnifying party of the aforesaid request and (ii) such indemnifying party shall not have reimbursed the indemnified party in accordance with such request prior to the date of
such settlement. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of the indemnified party, effect any settlement, compromise or consent to the entry of judgment in any pending or threatened action, suit or proceeding in respect of
which any indemnified party is or could have been a party and indemnity was or could have been sought hereunder by such indemnified party (whether or not the indemnified parties are actual or potential parties to such claim or action), unless such
settlement, compromise or consent (i) includes an unconditional release of such indemnified party from all liability on claims that are the subject matter of such action, suit or proceeding and (ii) does not include a statement as to or an
admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act, by or on behalf of any indemnified party. 

(e) Contribution. If
the indemnification provided for in this Section 8 is for any reason unavailable to or otherwise insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified party in respect of any losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses referred to therein, then
each indemnifying party shall contribute to the aggregate amount paid or payable by such indemnified party, as incurred, as a result of any losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses referred to therein, (i) in such proportion as is
appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, from the offering of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement or (ii) if the

23 

allocation provided by clause (i) above is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in clause
(i) above but also the relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, in connection with the statements or omissions which resulted in such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses, as well as
any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative benefits received by the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, in connection with the offering of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement shall be deemed to be
in the same respective proportions as the total net proceeds from the offering of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement (before deducting expenses) received by the Company, and the total underwriting discount received by the Underwriters, in
each case as set forth on the front cover page of the Prospectus bear to the aggregate initial public offering price of the Securities as set forth on such cover. The relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other
hand, shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any such untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company, on the one
hand, or the Underwriters, on the other hand, and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission. The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of the losses,
claims, damages, liabilities and expenses referred to above shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth in Section 8(c), any legal or other fees or disbursements reasonably incurred by such party in connection with
investigating or defending any action or claim. The Company and the Underwriters agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 8(e) were determined by pro rata allocation (even if the Underwriters were
treated as one entity for such purpose) or by any other method of allocation which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to in this Section 8(e). Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 8(e), no Underwriter
shall be required to contribute any amount in excess of the underwriting commissions received by such Underwriter in connection with the Securities underwritten by it and distributed to the public. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation
(within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. The Underwriters obligations to contribute pursuant to this
Section 8(e) are several, and not joint, in proportion to their respective underwriting commitments as set forth opposite their names in Schedule A. For purposes of this Section 8(e), each affiliate, director, officer, employee and agent
of an Underwriter and each person, if any, who controls an Underwriter within the meaning of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act shall have the same rights to contribution as such Underwriter, and each director of the Company, each officer of
the Company who signed the Registration Statement and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act shall have the same rights to contribution as the Company. 

24 

9. Default of One or More of the Several Underwriters. If any one or more
Underwriters shall fail to purchase and pay for any of the Securities agreed to be purchased by such Underwriter hereunder and such failure to purchase shall constitute a default in the performance of its or their obligations under this Agreement,
the remaining Underwriters shall be obligated severally to take up and pay for (in the respective proportions which the amount of Securities set forth opposite their names in Schedule A hereto bears to the aggregate amount of Securities set forth
opposite the names of all the remaining Underwriters) the Securities which the defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters agreed but failed to purchase; provided, however, that in the event that the aggregate amount of Securities which the
defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters agreed but failed to purchase shall exceed 10% of the aggregate amount of Securities set forth in Schedule A hereto, the remaining Underwriters shall have the right to purchase all, but shall not be under any
obligation to purchase any, of the Securities, and if such non-defaulting Underwriters do not purchase all the Securities, this Agreement will terminate without liability to any
non-defaulting Underwriter or the Company, except that the provisions of Section 5, Section 7, Section 8, Section 14 and Section 17 shall at all times be effective and shall survive
such termination. In the event of a default by any Underwriter as set forth in this Section 9, the Closing Date shall be postponed for such period, not exceeding five business days, as the Underwriters shall determine in order that the required
changes to the Registration Statement, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or any other documents or arrangements may be effected. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall relieve any defaulting
Underwriter of its liability, if any, to the Company or any nondefaulting Underwriter for damages occasioned by its default hereunder. 

10. Termination of this Agreement. This Agreement shall be subject to termination in the absolute discretion of the Representatives, by
notice given to the Company prior to delivery of and payment for the Securities, if at any time prior to such time (i) trading in the Companys Common Stock shall have been suspended by the Commission or the New York Stock Exchange or
trading in securities generally on the New York Stock Exchange shall have been suspended or limited or minimum prices shall have been established on such Exchange; (ii) a banking moratorium shall have been declared either by Federal or New York
State authorities; or (iii) there shall have occurred any outbreak or escalation of hostilities, declaration by the United States of a national emergency or war or other calamity or crisis the effect of which on financial markets is such as to
make it, in the reasonable judgment of the Representatives, impracticable or inadvisable to proceed with the offering, sale or delivery of the Securities as contemplated by the Prospectus and the Disclosure Package (exclusive of any amendment or
supplement thereto). Any termination pursuant to this Section 10 shall be without liability on the part of (a) the Company to any Underwriter, except that the Company shall be obligated to reimburse the expenses of the Underwriters
pursuant to Sections 5, 7 and 8 hereof or (b) any Underwriter to the Company. 

11. Representations and Indemnities to Survive
Delivery. The respective agreements, representations, warranties, indemnities and other statements of the Company or its officers and of the several Underwriters set forth in or made pursuant to this Agreement will remain in full force and
effect, regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Underwriters or the Company or any of the officers, directors, employees, agents, affiliates or controlling persons referred to in Section 8 hereof, and will survive delivery
of and payment for the Securities. The provisions of Sections 7 and 8 hereof shall survive the termination or cancellation of this Agreement. 

25 

12. Notices. All communications hereunder shall be in writing and, (i) if sent
to the Underwriters shall be mailed, delivered or telefaxed and confirmed to the Underwriters, c/o Citigroup Global Markets Inc., 388 Greenwich Street, New York, New York 10013, Attn: General Counsel, Facsimile: (646)
291-1469; BNP Paribas Securities Corp., 787 Seventh Avenue, New York, New York 10019, Attention: Syndicate Desk, Email: DL.US.Syndicate.Support@us.bnpparibas.com; BofA Securities, Inc., 114 West 47th Street, NY8-114-07-01, New York, NY 10036, Attention: High Grade Transaction Management/Legal, Facsimile: (212)
901-7881; MUFG Securities Americas Inc., 1221 Avenue of the Americas, 6th Floor, New York, NY 10020-1001, Attention: Capital Markets Group, Facsimile: (646) 434-3455;
and Santander US Capital Markets LLC, 437 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10022, Attention: Debt Capital Markets, Facsimile: (212) 407-0930; provided, however, that any notice to an Underwriter pursuant to
Section 8 will be mailed, delivered or telegraphed and confirmed to such Underwriter. 

13. Successors. This Agreement will
inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto, including any substitute Underwriters pursuant to Section 9 hereof, and to the benefit of (i) the Company, its directors, any person who controls the Company within the
meaning of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and any officer of the Company who signed the Registration Statement, (ii) the Underwriters, the officers, directors, employees, agents and affiliates of the Underwriters, and each person, if
any, who controls any Underwriter within the meaning of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, and (iii) the respective successors and assigns of any of the above, all as and to the extent provided in this Agreement, and no other person shall
acquire or have any right under or by virtue of this Agreement. The term successors and assigns shall not include a purchaser of any of the Securities from any Underwriter merely because of such purchase. 

14. Applicable Law. This Agreement and any claim, controversy or dispute arising under or related to this Agreement will be governed by
and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York applicable to contracts made and to be performed within the State of New York. 

15. Headings. The section headings used herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof. 

16. Tax Disclosure. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, immediately upon commencement of discussions with respect to
the transactions contemplated hereby, the Company (and each employee, representative or other agent of the Company) may disclose to any and all persons, without limitation of any kind, the tax treatment and tax structure of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to the Company relating to such tax treatment and tax structure. For purposes of the foregoing, the term tax
treatment is the purported or claimed federal income tax treatment of the transactions contemplated hereby, and the term tax structure includes any fact that may be relevant to understanding the purported or claimed federal income
tax treatment of the transactions contemplated hereby. 

26 

17. No Advisory or Fiduciary Relationship. The Company acknowledges and agrees that
(a) the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement, including the determination of the public offering price of the Securities and any related discounts and commissions, is an
arms-length commercial transaction between the Company, on the one hand, and the several Underwriters, on the other hand, (b) in connection with the offering contemplated hereby and the process
leading to such transaction each Underwriter is and has been acting solely as a principal and is not the agent or fiduciary of the Company, or its stockholders, creditors, employees or any other party, (c) no Underwriter has assumed or will
assume an advisory or fiduciary responsibility in favor of the Company with respect to the offering contemplated hereby or the process leading thereto (irrespective of whether such Underwriter has advised or is currently advising the Company on
other matters) and no Underwriter has any obligation to the Company with respect to the offering contemplated hereby except the obligations expressly set forth in this Agreement, (d) the Underwriters and their respective affiliates may be
engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Company, and (e) the Underwriters have not provided any legal, accounting, regulatory or tax advice with respect to the offering contemplated hereby
and the Company has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it deemed appropriate. 

18. Partial
Unenforceability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any Section, paragraph or provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other Section, paragraph or provision hereof. If any Section, paragraph
or provision of this Agreement is for any reason determined to be invalid or unenforceable, there shall be deemed to be made such minor changes (and only such minor changes) as are necessary to make it valid and enforceable. 

19. Recognition of the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes. 

(a) In the event that any Underwriter that is a Covered Entity becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the
transfer from such Underwriter of this Agreement, and any interest and obligation in or under this Agreement, will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement, and any
such interest and obligation, were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. 

(b) In the event that any
Underwriter that is a Covered Entity or a BHC Act Affiliate of such Underwriter becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under this Agreement that may be exercised against such Underwriter are permitted
to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. 

As used in this Section 19: 

BHC Act Affiliate has the meaning assigned to the term affiliate in, and shall be interpreted in accordance
with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k). 

Covered Entity means any of the following: 

(i) a covered entity as the term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R 252.82(b); 

27 

(ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance
with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or 

(iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12
C.F.R. 382.2(b). 

Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance
with, 12 C.F.R 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 

U.S. Special Resolution Regime means each
of (i) the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder and (ii) Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 

20. General Provisions. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties to this Agreement and supersedes all
prior written or oral and all contemporaneous oral agreements, understandings and negotiations with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each one of which shall be an original, with the
same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Agreement by telecopier, facsimile, email or other electronic transmission (i.e., pdf or
tif) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. This Agreement may not be amended or modified unless in writing by all of the parties hereto, and no condition herein (express or implied) may be
waived unless waived in writing by each party whom the condition is meant to benefit. The Section headings herein are for the convenience of the parties only and shall not affect the construction or interpretation of this Agreement. 

21. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original,
but all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same Agreement. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including any electronic signature covered by the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic
Transactions Act, the Electronic Signatures and Records Act or other applicable law, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and
effective for all purposes. 

Each of the parties hereto acknowledges that it is a sophisticated business person who was adequately
represented by counsel during negotiations regarding the provisions hereof, including, without limitation, the indemnification and contribution provisions of Section 8, and is fully informed regarding said provisions. Each of the parties hereto
further acknowledges that the provisions of Sections 8 hereto fairly allocate the risks in light of the ability of the parties to investigate the Company, its affairs and its business in order to assure that adequate disclosure has been made in the
Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus (and any amendments and supplements thereto), as required by the Securities Act and the Exchange Act. 

28 

In accordance with the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub. L. 10756
(signed into law on October 26, 2001)), the Underwriters are required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies their respective clients, including the Company, which information may include the name and addresses of their
respective clients, as well as other information that will allow the Underwriters to properly identify their respective clients. 

[signature pages follow] 

29 

If the foregoing is in accordance with your understanding of our agreement, please sign and
return to us the enclosed duplicate hereof, whereupon this Agreement and your acceptance shall represent a binding agreement between the Company and the several Underwriters. 

Very truly yours,

THE AES CORPORATION

By: /s/ Stephen Coughlin

Name: Stephen Coughlin

Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to
Underwriting Agreement] 

The foregoing Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted by the Representatives as of the
date first above written. 

CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC.

BOFA SECURITIES, INC.

BNP PARIBAS SECURITIES CORP.

MUFG SECURITIES AMERICAS INC.

SANTANDER US CAPITAL MARKETS LLC

for itself and as Representative of the several Underwriters named in the attached Schedule A

CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC. MUFG SECURITIES AMERICAS INC.

By: /s/ Adam D. Bordner By: /s/ Lee Schreibstein

Name: Adam D. Bordner Name: Lee Schreibstein

Title: Managing Director Title: Managing Director

BOFA SECURITIES, INC. SANTANDER US CAPITAL MARKETS LLC

By: /s/ Robert Colucci By: /s/ Richard Zobkiw

Name: Robert Colucci Name: Richard Zobkiw

Title: Managing Director Title: Executive Director

BNP PARIBAS SECURITIES CORP. 

By: /s/ Pasquale A. Perraglia IV 

Name: Pasquale A. Perraglia IV 

Title: Managing Director 

[Signature Page to
Underwriting Agreement] 

SCHEDULE A 

Underwriters 5.800% Senior Notes due

2032 

Citigroup Global Markets Inc. $ 169,600,000 

BNP Paribas Securities Corp. 105,600,000 

BofA Securities, Inc. 105,600,000 

MUFG Securities Americas Inc. 105,600,000 

Santander US Capital Markets LLC 105,600,000 

Barclays Capital Inc. 26,880,000 

Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 26,880,000 

HSBC Securities (USA) Inc. 26,880,000 

Mizuho Securities USA LLC 26,880,000 

RBC Capital Markets, LLC 26,880,000 

Scotia Capital (USA) Inc. 26,880,000 

SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc. 26,880,000 

CIBC World Markets Corp. 9,920,000 

SG Americas Securities, LLC 9,920,000 

Total $ 800,000,000 

SCHEDULE B 

Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses 

Final Term Sheet dated as of March 12, 2025 

PRICING TERM SHEET 

THE AES CORPORATION 

March 12, 2025 

$800,000,000 5.800% Senior Notes due 2032 

Summary of Terms 

Issuer: The AES Corporation (the Company)

Issue: 5.800% Senior Notes due 2032 (the notes)

Maturity: March 15, 2032 (unless redeemed by the Company as described below under Optional Redemption)

Principal Amount: $800,000,000

Price to Public: 100.000%, plus accrued interest, if any.

Coupon (Interest Rate): 5.800%

Yield to Maturity: 5.800%

Spread to Benchmark Treasury: 1.600%

Benchmark Treasury: UST 4.125% due February 29, 2032

Interest Payment Dates: March 15 and September 15 of each year, commencing on September 15, 2025

Change of Control Triggering Event: Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Triggering Event, the Issuer will be required to offer to repurchase the notes at 101% of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the date
of repurchase.

Optional Redemption: 

Prior to January 15, 2032 (two months prior to their maturity date) the Issuer may redeem the notes in whole or in part, at any time and
from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of:

1. (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest
thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming the notes matured on January 15, 2032) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve
30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus 25 basis points, each less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption and

2. 100% of the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed,

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date.

On or after January 15, 2032 (two months prior to their maturity date), the Issuer
may redeem the notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption
date.

Joint Book-Running Managers: 

Citigroup Global Markets Inc.

BNP Paribas
Securities Corp.

BofA Securities, Inc.

MUFG Securities
Americas Inc.

Santander US Capital Markets LLC

Joint Book-Runners: 

Barclays Capital Inc.

Goldman Sachs &
Co. LLC

HSBC Securities (USA) Inc.

Mizuho Securities USA
LLC

RBC Capital Markets, LLC

Scotia Capital (USA) Inc.

SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc.

Co-Managers: 

CIBC World Markets Corp.

SG Americas
Securities, LLC

Trade Date: March 12, 2025

Settlement Date (T+6): March 20, 2025

CUSIP / ISIN: 00130HCM5/US00130HCM51

The information in this communication supersedes the information in the preliminary prospectus supplement to the extent it is
inconsistent with such information. Other information presented in the preliminary prospectus supplement is deemed to have changed to the extent affected by the changes described herein. 

The issuer has filed a registration statement, including a prospectus and a preliminary prospectus supplement, with the SEC for the offering to which this
communication relates. Before you invest, you should read the prospectus and the preliminary prospectus supplement in that registration statement and other documents the issuer has filed with the SEC for more complete information about the issuer
and this offering. You may get these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. Alternatively, copies may be obtained by calling Citigroup Global Markets Inc. at 1-800-831-9146., BNP Paribas Securities Corp. at
1-800-854-5674, BofA Securities, Inc. at 1-800-294-1322, MUFG Securities Americas Inc. at 1-877-649-6848 or Santander US
Capital Markets LLC at 1-855-403-3636.

ANY DISCLAIMERS OR OTHER NOTICES THAT MAY APPEAR BELOW ARE NOT APPLICABLE TO THIS COMMUNICATION AND SHOULD BE DISREGARDED. SUCH DISCLAIMERS OR OTHER
NOTICES WERE AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED AS A RESULT OF THIS COMMUNICATION BEING SENT VIA BLOOMBERG OR ANOTHER EMAIL SYSTEM. 

Exhibit A 

Principal Subsidiaries of the Company (and Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Formation) 

Indianapolis Power & Light Company (Indiana)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>aes-20250312.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>aes-20250312_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>aes-20250312_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 12, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name AES CORP

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0000874761

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 12, 2025

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-12291

Entity Tax Identification Number 54-1163725

Entity Address, Address Line One 4300 Wilson Boulevard

Entity Address, City or Town Arlington

Entity Address, State or Province VA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 22203

City Area Code (703)

Local Phone Number 522-1315

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share

Trading Symbol AES

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://aes.com//20250312/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

aes-20250312.xsd 
aes-20250312_lab.xml 
aes-20250312_pre.xml 
d746605d8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-054821-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>d746605d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000874761 

2025-03-12 
2025-03-12 

AES CORP 
false 
0000874761 
8-K 
2025-03-12 
DE 
001-12291 
54-1163725 
4300 Wilson Boulevard 
Arlington 
VA 
22203 
(703) 
522-1315 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share 
AES 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>