<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-031240.txt : 20250221
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-031240.hdr.sgml : 20250221
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250221070833
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-031240
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250220
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250221
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250221

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SUBURBAN PROPANE PARTNERS LP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001005210
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-MISCELLANEOUS RETAIL [5900]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				223410353
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0927

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14222
		FILM NUMBER:		25648462

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 206
		STREET 2:		240 ROUTE 10 WEST
		CITY:			WIPPANY
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07981
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9738875300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE SUBURBAN PLZ
		STREET 2:		240 RTE 10 WEST
		CITY:			WHIPPANY
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07981
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d937299d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

SUBURBAN PROPANE PARTNERS LPfalse000100521000010052102025-02-202025-02-20

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 20, 2025

SUBURBAN PROPANE PARTNERS, L.P.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

1-14222

(Commission File Number)

Delaware 22-3410353

(State or Other Jurisdiction of

Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

240 Route 10 West

Whippany, New Jersey07981

(973)887-5300

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

(Telephone Number)

N/A

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communication pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of Each Exchange

on Which Registered

Common Units SPH New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

On February 20, 2025, Suburban Propane Partners, L.P. (the Partnership) entered into an Equity Distribution Agreement (the Equity Distribution Agreement) with Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, BofA Securities, Inc., and Evercore Group L.L.C., each acting as a sales agent and/or principal (each, an Agent, and collectively, the Agents). Pursuant to the terms of the Equity Distribution Agreement, the Partnership may issue and sell from time to time, through the Agents, the Partnerships common units representing limited partner interests in the Partnership (the Common Units) having an aggregate offering amount of up to $100 million. The Agents will use their commercially reasonable efforts, as the sales agents and subject to the terms of the Equity Distribution Agreement, to sell the Common Units offered. Sales of the Common Units, if any, may be made in sales deemed to be an at the market offering as defined in Rule 415(a)(4) promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), including sales made directly on or through the New York Stock Exchange. The Partnership may also agree to sell Common Units to the Agents as principal for their own account on terms agreed to by the Partnership and the Agents. Each Agent will be entitled to a commission from the Partnership of up to 1.5% of the gross sales price per Common Unit sold under the Equity Distribution Agreement by such Agent acting as the Partnerships sales agent, with the exact amount to be agreed to by the Partnership. The Partnership intends to use any net proceeds from the offering to fund potential acquisitions and for general limited partnership purposes. 

The Partnership has filed a registration statement (the Registration Statement) on Form S-3 (File No. 333-284853) with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) to register the offer and sale of the Common Units pursuant to the Equity Distribution Agreement under the Securities Act. The Registration Statement was declared effective by the SEC on February 20, 2025. 

The Equity Distribution Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, and agreements of the Partnership and the Agents, indemnification rights and obligations of the parties and termination provisions. The Equity Distribution Agreement is filed as Exhibit 1.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K, and the description of the Equity Distribution Agreement in this Item 1.01 is qualified in its entirety by reference to such exhibit. 

The Agents have provided, and may in the future provide, various investment banking, commercial banking, financial advisory and other services to the Partnership and its affiliates for which services they have received, and may in the future receive, customary fees. In the course of its business, the Agents may actively trade the Partnerships securities for their own account or for the accounts of customers, and, accordingly, the Agents may at any time hold long or short positions in such securities. 

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits 

Exhibit

Number 

Description

1.1 Equity Distribution Agreement, dated as of February 20, 2025, between Suburban Propane Partners, L.P. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, BofA Securities, Inc., and Evercore Group L.L.C. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in Inline XBRL in Exhibit 101)

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

SUBURBAN PROPANE PARTNERS, L.P.

(Registrant)

By: 

/s/ Michael A. Kuglin

Date: February 21, 2025 Michael A. Kuglin

Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d937299dex11.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-1.1
<TEXT>
EX-1.1

Exhibit 1.1 

Suburban Propane Partners, L.P. 

$100,000,000 of Common Units Representing Limited Partnership Interests 

EQUITY DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENT 

Dated: February 20, 2025 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

SECTION 1. Description of Securities 1 

SECTION 2. Placements 3 

SECTION 3. Sale of Placement Securities 4 

SECTION 4. Suspension of Sales 4 

SECTION 5. Representations and Warranties 5 

SECTION 6. Sale and Delivery; Settlement 20 

SECTION 7. Covenants of the Partnership 22 

SECTION 8. Payment of Expenses 29 

SECTION 9. Conditions of the Agents Obligations 30 

SECTION 10. Indemnification 32 

SECTION 11. Contribution 34 

SECTION 12. Representations, Warranties and Agreements to Survive Delivery 35 

SECTION 13. Termination of Agreement 35 

SECTION 14. Notices 36 

SECTION 15. Recognition of the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes 36 

SECTION 16. Parties 37 

SECTION 17. Adjustments for Stock Splits 37 

SECTION 18. Governing Law and Time 37 

SECTION 19. Effect of Headings 37 

SECTION 20. Counterparts 37 

SECTION 21. Definitions 38 

SECTION 22. Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses 40 

SECTION 23. Absence of Fiduciary Relationship 41 

i 

EXHIBITS 

Exhibit A Form of Placement Notice

Exhibit B Authorized Individuals for Placement Notices and Acceptances

Exhibit C Compensation

Exhibit D Subsidiaries of the Partnership

Exhibit E Form of Opinion of Company Counsel

Exhibit F Officers Certificate

Exhibit G Issuer Pricing Free Writing Prospectus

ii 

SUBURBAN PROPANE PARTNERS, L.P. 

$100,000,000 of Common Units 

EQUITY DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENT 

February 20, 2025 

Wells Fargo Securities,
LLC 

500 West 33rd Street, 14th Floor 

New York, New York 10001 

BofA Securities, Inc. 

One Bryant Park 

New York, New York 10036 

Evercore Group L.L.C. 

55 East 52nd Street 

New York, New York 10055 

J.P. Morgan Securities LLC 

383 Madison Ave. 

New York, New York 10179 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

Suburban Propane Partners, L.P.,a Delaware limited partnership (the Partnership), confirms its agreement
(this Agreement) with Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, BofA Securities, Inc., Evercore Group L.L.C., and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, (each in its capacity as agent for the Partnership in connection with the offering and sale of any
Securities (as defined below) hereunder, an Agent and together, the Agents), as follows: 

SECTION 1.
Description of Securities. 

The Partnership agrees that, from time to time during the term of this Agreement, on the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth herein, it may issue and sell through the Agents, each acting as an agent and/or principal, common units (Common Units) representing limited partnership interests in the Partnership (the
Securities) having an aggregate sale price of up to $100,000,000 (the Maximum Amount). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the parties hereto agree that compliance with the limitations set
forth in this Section 1 regarding the number and aggregate sale price of the Securities issued and sold under this Agreement shall be the sole responsibility of the Partnership, and the Agents shall have no obligation in connection with such
compliance. The issuance and sale of the Securities through the Agents will be effected pursuant to the Registration Statement (as defined below) filed by the Partnership on February 11, 2025, and declared effective by the Securities and
Exchange 

1 

Commission (the Commission) on February 20, 2025, although nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as requiring the Partnership to use the Registration Statement to
issue the Securities. The Partnership agrees that whenever it determines to sell Securities directly to an Agent as principal it will enter into a separate written agreement containing the terms and conditions of such sale with such Agent. 

Suburban Propane, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership is referred to herein as the Operating Partnership. Suburban Energy
Services Group LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the General Partner) is the general partner of the Partnership and the Operating Partnership. Together, the Partnership, the Operating Partnership and General Partner are
referred to herein as the Partnership Entities. 

The Partnership has filed, in accordance with the provisions of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Securities Act), with the Commission a registration statement on Form S-3 (File
No. 333-284853), including a prospectus (the Preliminary Prospectus), relating to the Securities to be issued from time to time by the Partnership, and which incorporates by reference documents that the Partnership has filed
or will file in accordance with the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Exchange Act). The Partnership has also prepared a final prospectus
relating to the Securities (the Final Prospectus). The Partnership will furnish to the Agents, for use by the Agents, copies of the Preliminary Prospectus included as part of such registration statement, as updated by the Final
Prospectus, relating to the Securities. The Registration Statement, as of any time, means such registration statement as amended by any post-effective amendments thereto at such time, including the exhibits and any schedules
thereto at such time, the documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference therein at such time pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3 under the Securities Act and the documents and information
otherwise deemed to be a part thereof as of such time pursuant to Rule 430B of the Securities Act (Rule 430B); provided, however, that the Registration Statement without reference to a time means such
registration statements as amended by any post-effective amendments thereto as of the time of the first contract of sale for the Securities, which time shall be considered the new effective date of the Registration Statement with respect
to the Securities within the meaning of paragraph (f)(2) of Rule 430B, including the exhibits and schedules thereto at such time, the documents and information incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference therein at such time pursuant to
Item 12 of Form S-3 under the Securities Act and the documents otherwise deemed to be a part thereof as of such time pursuant to Rule 430B. The Preliminary Prospectus, including all documents incorporated
therein by reference, included in the Registration Statement, as it may be updated by the Final Prospectus, in the form in which such Preliminary Prospectus and/or Final Prospectus have most recently been filed by the Partnership with the Commission
pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act is herein called the Prospectus. Any reference herein to the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto shall be deemed to refer to and include
the documents incorporated by reference therein, and any reference herein to the terms amend, amendment or supplement with respect to the Registration Statement or the Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and
include the filing after the execution hereof of any document with the Commission deemed to be incorporated by reference therein. For purposes of this Agreement, all references to the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or to any amendment or
supplement thereto shall be deemed to include any copy filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR. 

2 

SECTION 2. Placements. 

Each time that the Partnership wishes to issue and sell the Securities hereunder (each, a Placement), it will notify the
applicable Agent by email notice (or other method mutually agreed to in writing by the parties) containing the parameters in accordance with which it desires the Securities to be sold, which shall at a minimum include the number of Securities to be
issued (the Placement Securities), the time period during which sales are requested to be made, any limitation on the number of Placement Securities that may be sold in any one day and any minimum price below which sales may not
be made (a Placement Notice), a form of which containing such minimum sales parameters necessary is attached hereto as Exhibit A. The Placement Notice shall originate from any of the individuals from the Partnership set
forth on Exhibit B (with a copy to each of the other individuals from the Partnership listed on such Exhibit B), and shall be addressed to each of the individuals from the applicable Agent set forth on Exhibit B, as such
Exhibit B may be amended from time to time. If such Agent wishes to accept such proposed terms included in the Placement Notice (which it may decline to do so for any reason in its sole discretion) or, following discussion with the
Partnership, wishes to accept amended terms, such Agent will, prior to 4:30 p.m. (New York City time) on the business day following the business day on which such Placement Notice is delivered to such Agent, issue to the Partnership a notice by
email (or other method mutually agreed to in writing by the parties) addressed to all of the individuals from the Partnership and such Agent set forth on Exhibit B setting forth the terms that such Agent is willing to accept. Where the terms
provided in the Placement Notice are amended as provided for in the immediately preceding sentence, such terms will not be binding on the Partnership or such Agent until the Partnership delivers to such Agent an acceptance by email (or other method
mutually agreed to in writing by the parties) of all of the terms of such Placement Notice, as amended (the Acceptance), which email shall be addressed to all of the individuals from the Partnership and such Agent set forth on
Exhibit B. The Placement Notice (as amended by the corresponding Acceptance, if applicable) shall be effective upon receipt by the Partnership of the applicable Agents acceptance of the terms of the Placement Notice or upon receipt by
the applicable Agent of the Partnerships Acceptance, as the case may be, unless and until (i) the entire amount of the Placement Securities has been sold, (ii) in accordance with the notice requirements set forth in the second
sentence of this paragraph, the Partnership terminates the Placement Notice, (iii) the Partnership issues a subsequent Placement Notice with parameters superseding those on the earlier dated Placement Notice, (iv) this Agreement has been
terminated with respect to the applicable Agent under the provisions of Section 13 or (v) the Partnership or the applicable Agent shall have suspended the sale of the Placement Securities in accordance with Section 4 below. The amount
of any discount, commission or other compensation to be paid by the Partnership to the applicable Agent in connection with the sale of the Placement Securities shall be calculated in accordance with the terms set forth in Exhibit C. It is
expressly acknowledged and agreed that neither the Partnership nor the applicable Agent will have any obligation whatsoever with respect to a Placement or any Placement Securities unless and until the Partnership delivers a Placement Notice to the
applicable Agent and either (i) such Agent accepts the terms of such Placement Notice or (ii) where the terms of such Placement Notice are amended, the Partnership accepts such amended terms by means of an Acceptance pursuant to the terms
set forth above, and then only upon the terms specified in the Placement Notice (as amended by the corresponding Acceptance, if applicable) and herein. In the event of a conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the terms of a Placement
Notice (as amended by the corresponding Acceptance, if applicable), the terms of the Placement Notice (as amended by the corresponding Acceptance, if applicable) will control. 

3 

SECTION 3. Sale of Placement Securities. 

Subject to the provisions of Section 6(a), an Agent, for the period specified in the Placement Notice (as amended by the corresponding
Acceptance, if applicable), will use its commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales practices to sell the Placement Securities up to the amount specified, and otherwise in accordance with the terms of such Placement
Notice (as amended by the corresponding Acceptance, if applicable). Such Agent will provide written confirmation to the Partnership no later than the opening of the Trading Day (as defined below) immediately following the Trading Day on which it has
made sales of Placement Securities hereunder setting forth the number of Placement Securities sold on such day, the compensation payable by the Partnership to such Agent pursuant to Section 2 with respect to such sales, and the Net Proceeds (as
defined below) payable to the Partnership, with an itemization of the deductions made by such Agent (as set forth in Section 6(b)) from the gross proceeds that it receives from such sales. Subject to the terms of the Placement Notice (as
amended by the corresponding Acceptance, if applicable), an Agent may sell Placement Securities by any method permitted by law deemed to be an at the market offering as defined in Rule 415 of the Securities Act, including without
limitation sales made directly on the NYSE, on any other existing trading market for the Common Units or to or through a market maker. Subject to the terms of the Placement Notice (as amended by the corresponding Acceptance, if applicable), an Agent
may also sell Placement Securities by any other method permitted by law, including but not limited to in privately negotiated transactions. The Partnership acknowledges and agrees that (i) there can be no assurance that the Agents will be
successful in selling Placement Shares, and (ii) no Agent will incur liability or obligation to the Partnership or any other person or entity if it does not sell Placement Shares for any reason other than a failure by such Agent to use its
commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales practices to sell such Placement Shares as required under this Section 3. For the purposes hereof, Trading Day means any day on
which Common Units are purchased and sold on the principal market on which the Common Units are listed or quoted. 

SECTION 4.
Suspension of Sales. The Partnership or an Agent may, upon notice to the other parties in writing (including by email correspondence to each of the individuals of the other parties set forth on Exhibit B, if receipt of such
correspondence is actually acknowledged by any of the individuals to whom the notice is sent, other than via auto-reply) or by telephone (confirmed immediately by verifiable facsimile transmission or email correspondence to each of the individuals
of the other applicable parties set forth on Exhibit B), suspend any sale of Placement Securities; provided, however, that such suspension shall not affect or impair any partys obligations with respect to any Placement
Securities sold hereunder prior to the receipt of such notice. Each of the parties agrees that no such notice under this Section 4 shall be effective against the others unless it is made to two of the individuals named on Exhibit B
hereto, as such Exhibit B may be amended from time to time, and no such notice by an Agent under this Section 4 shall be effective with respect to another Agent. 

4 

SECTION 5. Representations and Warranties. 

(a) Representations and Warranties by the Partnership. The Partnership represents and warrants to the Agents as of the date hereof and
as of each Representation Date (as defined below) on which a certificate is required to be delivered pursuant to Section 7(o) of this Agreement, as of each Applicable Time and as of each Settlement Date (as defined below), and agrees with the
Agents, as follows: 

(1) Compliance with Registration Requirements. The Securities have been duly registered under
the Securities Act pursuant to the Registration Statement. The Registration Statement has become effective under the Securities Act, or, with respect to any registration statement to be filed to register the offer and sale of the Securities pursuant
to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act (a Rule 462(b) Registration Statement), will be filed with the Commission and become effective under the Securities Act no later than 10:00 p.m. (New York City time), on the date of
determination of the public offering price for the Securities, and no stop order preventing or suspending the use of the Prospectus or any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus (as defined below), or the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or
any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement and no proceedings for such purpose have been instituted or are pending or, to the knowledge of the Partnership, are contemplated by the Commission, and any request on the part of the Commission for additional
information has been complied with. 

At the respective times each of the Registration Statement, any Rule 462(b)
Registration Statement and any post-effective amendments thereto became or becomes effective and as of the date hereof, the Registration Statement, any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement and any amendments and supplements thereto complied and will
comply in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act. The conditions for the use of Form S-3, as set forth in the General Instructions thereto, and the Registration Statement meets, and
the offering and sale of the Securities as contemplated hereby complies with, the requirements of Rule 415 under the Securities Act (including, without limitation, Rule 415(a)(5)). The Registration Statement, as of the date hereof and as of each
Representation Date, did not and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. Neither the Prospectus nor any
amendments or supplements thereto, as of their respective dates, and at each Applicable Time and Settlement Date, as the case may be, included, includes or will include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted, omits or will omit to state a
material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 

The representations and warranties set forth in the immediately preceding paragraph shall not apply to statements in or
omissions from the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, as amended or supplemented, or any Free Writing Prospectus, made in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished to the Partnership in writing by the Agents expressly for use
therein. For purposes of this Agreement, the only information so furnished shall be each Agents name (the Agent Information). 

5 

The copies of the Registration Statement and any Rule 462(b) Registration
Statement and any amendments thereto, any other preliminary prospectus, each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that is required to be filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 433 and the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto delivered
and to be delivered to the Agents (electronically or otherwise) in connection with the offering of the Securities were and will be identical to the electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the
extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

Each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus relating
to the Securities, as of its issue date and as of each Applicable Time and Settlement Date, did not, does not and will not include any information that conflicted, conflicts or will conflict with the information contained in the Registration
Statement or the Prospectus, including any incorporated document deemed to be a part thereof that has not been superseded or modified, or included, includes or will include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted, omits or will omit to
state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances, prevailing at that subsequent time, not misleading. The foregoing sentence does not apply to statements in or omissions from any Issuer Free
Writing Prospectus based upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Partnership by the Agents specifically for use therein. 

At the time of the initial filing of the Registration Statement, at the time of the most recent amendment thereto for the
purposes of complying with Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act (whether such amendment was by post-effective amendment, incorporated report filed pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act or form of prospectus), at the time
the Partnership or another offering participant made a bona fide offer (within the meaning, for this paragraph only, of Rule 164(h)(2) of the Securities Act) and, without limitation to the foregoing, the Partnership has at all relevant times met,
meets and will at all relevant times meet the requirements of Rule 164 for the use of a free writing prospectus (as defined in Rule 405) in connection with the offering contemplated hereby. 

Each document incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus heretofore filed, when it was filed
(or, if any amendment with respect to any such document was filed, when such amendment was filed), conformed in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act, and any further documents so filed and incorporated after the date of
this Agreement will, when they are filed, conform in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act; no such document when it was filed (or, if an amendment with respect to any such document was filed, when such amendment was
filed), contained an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading; and no such document, when it is filed, will contain an
untrue statement of a material fact or will omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading. 

6 

(2) Prior Written Communications. Any offer that is a written
communication relating to the Securities made prior to the initial filing of the Registration Statement by the Partnership or any person acting on its behalf (within the meaning, for this paragraph only, of Rule 163(c) of the Securities Act) has
been filed with the Commission in accordance with the exemption provided by Rule 163 of the Securities Act and otherwise complied with the requirements of Rule 163 of the Securities Act, including without limitation the legending requirement. 

(3) Independent Accountants. The accountants whose reports appear in the Prospectus or are incorporated by reference
therein, are, and during the periods covered by such reports were, registered independent public accountants as required by the Securities Act, the Exchange Act and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB). 

(4) Financial Statements. The financial statements of the Partnership included or incorporated by reference in the
Registration Statement and the Prospectus, together with the related schedules (if any) and notes, present fairly the financial position of the Partnership and its consolidated subsidiaries at the dates indicated and the results of operations,
changes in partners capital and cash flows of the Partnership and its consolidated subsidiaries for the periods specified; the financial statements of any other entities or businesses included or incorporated by reference in the Registration
Statement or the Prospectus, together with the related schedules (if any) and notes, present fairly the financial position of each such entity or business, as the case may be, and its consolidated subsidiaries (if any) at the dates indicated and the
results of operations, changes in stockholders (or other owners) equity and cash flows of such entity or business, as the case may be, and its consolidated subsidiaries (if any) for the periods specified; and all such financial
statements have been prepared in conformity with GAAP applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods involved and comply with all applicable accounting requirements under the Securities Act. The supporting schedules, if any, included or
incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus present fairly in accordance with GAAP, the information required to be stated therein. The financial statements of the businesses or properties acquired or proposed to be
acquired, if any, included in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus present fairly the information set forth therein, have been prepared in conformity with GAAP applied on a consistent basis and otherwise have been prepared in accordance
with, in the case of businesses acquired or to be acquired, the applicable financial statement requirements of Rule 3-05 or, in the case of real estate operations acquired or to be acquired, Rule 3-14 of Regulation S-X. The supporting schedules, if any, present fairly in accordance with GAAP the information required to be stated therein. The pro forma financial
statements and the related notes and the pro forma and pro forma as adjusted financial information and related notes included in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, if any, present fairly the information shown therein, have been prepared
in accordance with the Commissions rules and guidelines with respect to pro forma financial statements and have been properly compiled on the bases described therein, and the assumptions used in the preparation thereof are reasonable and the
adjustments used therein are appropriate to give effect to the transactions and circumstances referred to therein. Any information contained in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus regarding
non-GAAP financial measures (as defined in Regulation G of the Commission) complies with Regulation G and Item 10(e) 

7 

of Regulation S-K of the Commission, to the extent applicable. No other financial statements or schedules are required by Form S-3 or otherwise to be included in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus. The interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement and the
Prospectus fairly presents the required information and has been prepared in accordance with the Commissions rules and guidelines applicable thereto. 

(5) No Material Adverse Change in Business. Since the respective dates as of which information is given in the
Registration Statement and the Prospectus except as otherwise stated or incorporated by reference therein, (A) there has been no material adverse change in (x) the condition, financial or otherwise, or in the earnings, business affairs or
business prospects of the Partnership and any of its subsidiaries considered as one enterprise, whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business or (y) the ability of the Partnership to perform its obligations under this Agreement (any
such material adverse change covered by clause (A) is called a Material Adverse Effect), (B) there have been no transactions entered into by the Partnership or any of its subsidiaries which are material with respect to the
Partnership and its subsidiaries considered as one enterprise, and (C) except for regular quarterly distributions on the Common Units in amounts per unit that are consistent with the terms of the Partnerships limited partnership
agreement, as amended and in effect on the relevant date, there has been no dividend or distribution of any kind declared, paid or made by the Partnership on any class of its Capital Stock. 

(6) Good Standing of the Partnership. The Partnership has been duly organized and is validly existing as a limited
partnership in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware and has power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus and to enter into and
perform its obligations under this Agreement; the Partnership is duly qualified as a foreign limited partnership to transact business and is in good standing in New Jersey,and ineach other jurisdiction in which such qualification is
required, whether by reason of the ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of business, except where the failure to so qualify or to be in good standing would not result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(7) Good Standing of Subsidiaries. Each subsidiary of the Partnership has been duly organized and is validly existing as
a corporation, limited or general partnership or limited liability company, as the case may be, in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, has power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct
its business as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus and is duly qualified as a foreign corporation, limited or general partnership or limited liability company, as the case may be, to transact business and is in good standing
in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is required, whether by reason of the ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of business, except where the failure so to qualify or to be in good standing would not result in a Material
Adverse Effect; except as otherwise disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of each such subsidiary that is a corporation, all of the issued and outstanding partnership interests of
each such subsidiary that is a limited or general 

8 

partnership and all of the issued and outstanding limited liability company interests, membership interests or other similar interests of each such subsidiary that is a limited liability company
have been duly authorized and validly issued, are fully paid and (except in the case of general partnership interests) non-assessable and are owned by the Partnership Entities, directly or through
subsidiaries, free and clear of any Lien; and none of the outstanding shares of capital stock, partnership interests or limited liability company interests, membership interests or other similar interests of any such subsidiary was issued in
violation of any preemptive rights, rights of first refusal or other similar rights of any securityholder of such subsidiary or any other person. The only subsidiaries of the Partnership are the subsidiaries listed on Exhibit D hereto and
Exhibit D accurately sets forth whether each such subsidiary is a corporation, limited or general partnership or limited liability company and the jurisdiction of organization of each such subsidiary and, in the case of any subsidiary that is
a partnership or limited liability company, its general partners and managing members, respectively. Any subsidiaries of the Partnership that are significant subsidiaries as defined by Rule 1 02 of Regulation S-X are listed on Exhibit D hereto under the caption Material Subsidiaries. Operating Subsidiaries refers to the subsidiaries designated on Exhibit D as
Operating Subsidiaries. 

(8) Ownership of Limited Liability Company Interests in the General Partner.
The Chief Executive Officer of the Partnership owns 100% of the outstanding limited liability company interests in the General Partner. 

(9) Ownership of Partnership Interests in the Operating Partnership. The General Partner is the sole general partner of
the Partnership and owns 100% of the outstanding general partner interests in the Operating Partnership. The Partnership directly owns 99.9% of the outstanding limited partner interests in the Operating Partnership and the Partnership indirectly
owns 0.1% of the outstanding limited partner interests in the Operating Partnership. 

(10) Ownership of the Operating
Subsidiaries. Except as set forth in Exhibit D, the Partnership owns, directly or indirectly, 100% of the limited liability company interests, limited partner interests or capital stock, as the case may be, in each of the Operating
Partnership and the Operating Subsidiaries listed on Exhibit D. 

(11) Capitalization. The Partnership has an
authorized capitalization as set forth in the Prospectus, and all of the issued and outstanding units or shares of Capital Stock of the Partnership have been duly authorized and validly issued, are fully paid and
non-assessable and have been issued in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws. None of the Partnerships outstanding Common Units were issued in violation of any preemptive rights,
rights of first refusal or other similar rights; except as set forth in the Prospectus, the Partnership is not a party to or bound by any outstanding options, warrants or similar rights to subscribe for, or contractual obligations to issue, sell,
transfer or acquire, any of its Capital Stock or any securities convertible into or exchangeable for any of such Capital Stock. 

(12) Authorization of Agreement. This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Partnership.

9 

(13) Authorization of Securities. The Securities to be sold by the
Partnership pursuant to this Agreement have been duly authorized for issuance and sale to the Agents pursuant to this Agreement and, when issued and delivered by the Partnership pursuant to this Agreement against payment of the consideration set
forth herein, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable; no holder of the Securities is or will be subject to personal liability by reason of being such a holder; the issuance and sale of the
Securities to be sold by the Partnership pursuant to this Agreement is not subject to any preemptive rights, rights of first refusal or other similar rights of any securityholder of the Partnership or any other person; and the delivery of the
Securities being sold by the Partnership against payment therefor pursuant to the terms of this Agreement will pass valid title to the Securities being sold by the Partnership, free and clear of any claim, encumbrance or defect in title, and without
notice of any lien, claim or encumbrance. The certificates if any used by the Partnership to evidence the Common Units are in valid and sufficient form. 

(14) Description of Securities. The Common Units and the Partnerships certificate of limited partnership and
limited partnership agreement, as amended, conform in all material respects to all of the respective statements relating thereto contained in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus and such statements conform to the rights set forth in the
respective instruments and agreements defining the same. 

(15) Absence of Defaults and Conflicts. None of the
Partnership nor any of its Operating Subsidiaries are in violation of their Organizational Documents or in default in the performance or observance of any obligation, agreement, covenant or condition contained in any Company Document, except (solely
in the case of Company Documents other than Subject Instruments) for such defaults that would not result in a Material Adverse Effect. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
herein and in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus (including the issuance and sale of the Securities and the use of the proceeds from the sale of the Securities as described in the Prospectus under the caption Use of Proceeds)
and compliance by the Partnership with its obligations under this Agreement do not and will not, whether with or without the giving of notice or passage of time or both, conflict with or constitute a breach of, or default or Repayment Event under,
or result in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any property or assets of the Partnership or any of its subsidiaries pursuant to, any Company Documents, except (solely in the case of Company Documents other than Subject Instruments) for
such conflicts, breaches, defaults or Liens that would not result in a Material Adverse Effect, nor will such action result in any violation of the provisions of the Organizational Documents of the Partnership or any of its subsidiaries or any
applicable law, statute, rule, regulation, judgment, order, writ or decree of any government, government instrumentality or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Partnership or any of its subsidiaries or any of their respective
assets, properties or operations. 

(16) Absence of Labor Dispute. No labor dispute with the employees of the
Partnership or any of its subsidiaries exists or, to the knowledge of the Partnership, is imminent, and the Partnership is not aware of any existing or imminent labor disturbance by the employees of any of the principal suppliers, manufacturers,
customers or contractors of the Partnership or any of its subsidiaries which, in any such case, may reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

10 

(17) Absence of Proceedings. There is no action, suit, proceeding,
inquiry or investigation before or brought by any court or governmental agency or body, domestic or foreign, now pending, or, to the knowledge of the Partnership, threatened, against or affecting the Partnership or any of its subsidiaries which is
required to be disclosed in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus (other than as disclosed therein), or which might reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, or which might reasonably be expected to materially and
adversely affect the properties or assets thereof or the consummation of the transactions contemplated in this Agreement or the performance by the Partnership of its obligations under this Agreement; the aggregate of all pending legal or
governmental proceedings to which the Partnership or any of its subsidiaries is a party or of which any of its property or assets is the subject which are not described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, including ordinary routine
litigation incidental to the business, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(18)
Accuracy of Descriptions and Exhibits. The information in the Prospectus under the captions Risk Factors Risks Related to This Offering and Our Common Units, Description of the Common Units and Material
U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences, and the information in the Registration Statement under Item 15, in each case to the extent that it constitutes matters of law, summaries of legal matters, summaries of provisions of the Partnerships
limited partnership agreement or other instruments or agreements, summaries of legal proceedings, or legal conclusions, is correct in all material respects; all descriptions in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus of any Company Documents
are accurate in all material respects; and there are no franchises, contracts, indentures, mortgages, deeds of trust, loan or credit agreements, bonds, notes, debentures, evidences of indebtedness, leases or other instruments, agreements or
documents required to be described or referred to in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus or to be filed as exhibits to the Registration Statement which have not been so described and filed as required. 

(19) Possession of Intellectual Property. The Partnership owns, possesses, licenses or has other rights to use, on
reasonable terms, all patents, patent applications, trade and service marks, trade and service mark registrations, trade names, copyrights, licenses, inventions, trade secrets, technology, know-how and other
intellectual property (collectively, the Intellectual Property) necessary for the conduct of the Partnerships or any of its Operating Subsidiaries business as now conducted or as proposed in the Prospectus to be
conducted. Except as disclosed in the Prospectus, (i) no party has been granted an exclusive license to use any portion of such Intellectual Property owned by the Partnership or any of the Operating Subsidiaries; (ii) the Partnership is
not aware of any infringement by third parties of any such Intellectual Property owned by or exclusively licensed to the Partnership or the Operating Subsidiaries; (iii) there is no pending or threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by
others challenging (A) the rights of the Partnership or the Operating Subsidiaries in or to any material Intellectual Property or (B) the validity or scope of any such Intellectual Property, and the Partnership is unaware of any facts
which would form a reasonable basis for any such claim; (iv) the Partnerships 

11 

or any of its Operating Subsidiaries conduct of their respective businesses does not infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate and Intellectual Property of any person; and
(v) there is no pending or threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others that the Partnership or the Operating Subsidiaries business as now conducted infringes or otherwise violates any patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret
or other proprietary rights of others, and the Partnership is unaware of any other fact which would form a reasonable basis for any such claim, which in any such case would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(20) Absence of Further Requirements. (A) No filing with, or authorization, approval, consent, license, order,
registration, qualification or decree of, any court or governmental authority or agency, domestic or foreign, (B) no authorization, approval, vote or other consent of any holder of Capital Stock or other securities of the Partnership or any
creditor of the Partnership, (C) no waiver or consent under any Subject Instrument, and (D) no authorization, approval, vote or other consent of any other person or entity, is necessary or required for the execution, delivery or
performance by the Partnership of this Agreement, for the offering, issuance, sale or delivery of the Securities hereunder, or for the consummation of any of the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, in each case on the terms
contemplated by the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, except such as have been obtained under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act or such as may be required under state securities laws. 

(21) Possession of Licenses and Permits. The Partnership and its Operating Subsidiaries possess such permits, licenses,
approvals, consents and other authorizations (collectively, Governmental Licenses) issued by the appropriate federal, state, local or foreign regulatory agencies or bodies necessary to conduct the business now operated by them;
the Partnership and its subsidiaries are in compliance with the terms and conditions of all such Governmental Licenses, except where the failure so to comply would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; all of the
Governmental Licenses are valid and in full force and effect, except when the invalidity of such Governmental Licenses or the failure of such Governmental Licenses to be in full force and effect would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a
Material Adverse Effect; and none of the Partnership nor any of its Operating Subsidiaries has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any such Governmental Licenses which, individually or in the aggregate,
if the subject of an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding, would result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(22) Title to
Property. The Partnership and its Operating Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by any of them and good title to all other properties and assets owned by any of them, in each case, free and clear
of all Liens except such as (a) are described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus or (b) do not, individually or in the aggregate, materially affect the value of such property and do not interfere with the use made and
proposed to be made of such property by the Partnership or any of its Operating Subsidiaries; all real property, buildings and other improvements, and equipment and other property held under lease or sublease by the Partnership or any of its
Operating Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases or subleases, as the case may be, with, solely in the case of leases 

12 

or subleases relating to real property and buildings or other improvements, such exceptions as are not material and do not interfere with the use made or proposed to be made of such property and
buildings or other improvements by the Partnership and its Operating Subsidiaries, and all such leases and subleases are in full force and effect; and none of the Partnership nor any of its subsidiaries has any notice of any claim of any sort that
has been asserted by anyone adverse to the rights of the Partnership or any of its Operating Subsidiaries under any of the leases or subleases mentioned above or affecting or questioning the rights of the Partnership or any of its Operating
Subsidiaries to the continued possession of the leased or subleased premises under any such lease or sublease except for such claims which, if successfully asserted against the Partnership or any of its Operating Subsidiaries, would not,
individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(23) Investment Company Act. The Partnership is
not, and upon the sale of the Securities to the Agents as herein contemplated and the application of the net proceeds therefrom as described in the Prospectus under the caption Use of Proceeds, the Partnership will not be, an
investment company or an entity controlled by an investment company as such terms are defined in the 1940 Act. 

(24) Environmental Laws. Except as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus and except as would not,
individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect, (A) neither the Partnership nor any of its subsidiaries is in violation of any federal, state, local or foreign statute, law, rule, regulation, ordinance, code, policy or
rule of common law or any judicial or administrative interpretation thereof, including any judicial or administrative order, consent, decree or judgment, relating to pollution or protection of human health, the environment (including, without
limitation, ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata) or wildlife, including, without limitation, laws and regulations relating to the release or threatened release of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, wastes,
toxic substances, hazardous substances, petroleum or petroleum products (collectively, Hazardous Materials) or to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous
Materials (collectively, Environmental Laws), (B) the Partnership and its subsidiaries have all permits, authorizations and approvals required under any applicable Environmental Laws and are each in compliance with their
requirements, (C) there are no pending or threatened administrative, regulatory or judicial actions, suits, demands, demand letters, claims, liens, notices of noncompliance or violation, investigation or proceedings relating to any
Environmental Law against the Partnership or any of its subsidiaries and (D) there are no events or circumstances that might reasonably be expected to form the basis of an order for clean-up or
remediation, or an action, suit or proceeding by any private party or governmental body or agency, against or affecting the Partnership or any of its subsidiaries relating to Hazardous Materials or any Environmental Laws. Except as described in the
Registration Statement and the Prospectus, (x) there is no pending or threatened administrative, regulatory or judicial action, suit, or proceeding under any Environmental Law against any of the Partnership Entities or their subsidiaries in
which a governmental entity is also a party, other than such actions, suits or proceeding regarding which it is reasonably believed no monetary sanctions of $300,000 or more will be imposed, (y) none of the Partnership Entities or their

13 

subsidiaries is aware of any facts or issues regarding compliance with Environmental Laws, or liabilities or other obligations under Environmental Laws or concerning Hazardous Materials, that
would reasonably be expected to have a material effect on the capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position of the Partnership Entities or their subsidiaries, and (z) none of the Partnership Entities or their subsidiaries anticipates
material capital expenditures relating to any Environmental Laws. 

(25) Absence of Registration Rights. There are no
persons with registration rights or other similar rights to have any securities (debt or equity) registered pursuant to the Registration Statement or included in the offering contemplated by this Agreement or otherwise registered by the Partnership
under the Securities Act, and there are no persons with co-sale rights, tag-along rights or other similar rights to have any securities (debt or equity) included in the
offering contemplated by this Agreement or sold in connection with the sale of Securities pursuant to this Agreement, except in each case for such rights that have been duly waived in writing; and the Partnership has given all notices required by,
and has otherwise complied with its obligations under, all registration rights agreements, co-sale agreements, tag-along agreements and other similar agreements in
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

(26) NYSE. The outstanding Common Units and the
Securities to be sold by the Partnership hereunder have been approved for listing, subject only to official notice of issuance, on the NYSE, and are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, and the Partnership has taken no
action designed to, or likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Securities under the Exchange Act or delisting any such securities from the NYSE, nor has the Partnership received any notification that the Commission or the
NYSE is contemplating terminating such registration or listing. 

(27) Tax Returns. The Partnership and its
subsidiaries have filed all foreign, federal, state and local tax returns that are required to be filed or have requested extensions thereof, except where the failure so to file would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse
Effect, and have paid all taxes required to be paid by them and any other assessment, fine or penalty levied against any of them, to the extent that any of the foregoing is due and payable, except for any such tax, assessment, fine or penalty that
is currently being contested in good faith by appropriate actions and with respect to which adequate reserves have been established, and except for such taxes, assessments, fines or penalties the nonpayment of which would not, individually or in the
aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(28) Insurance. The Partnership and its Operating Subsidiaries are
insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which they are engaged; all policies of insurance and any fidelity or surety bonds
insuring the Partnership or any of its Operating Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, assets, employees, officers and directors are in full force and effect; the Partnership and its Operating Subsidiaries are in compliance with the terms of
such policies and instruments in all material respects; there are no claims by the Partnership or any of its Operating Subsidiaries under any such policy or instrument as to which any insurance company is denying liability or defending under a

14 

reservation of rights clause; none of the Partnership nor any of its Operating Subsidiaries has been refused any insurance coverage sought or applied for; and none of the Partnership nor any such
subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business at a cost that
would not have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(29) Accounting Controls and Disclosure Controls. The Partnership
maintains and has maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act and a system of internal
accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that (A) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations, (B) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (C) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, and (D) the recorded accountability for
assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. Except as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, since the end of the Partnerships most
recent audited fiscal year, there has been (1) no material weakness in the Partnerships internal control over financial reporting (whether or not remediated) and (2) no change in the Partnerships internal control over financial
reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Partnerships internal control over financial reporting. The Partnership and its subsidiaries employ and have employed disclosure controls and procedures
as defined in Rule 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Partnership in the reports that
it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms, and is accumulated and communicated to the Partnerships management,
including its principal executive officer or officers and principal financial officer or officers, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure. 

(30) Compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. There is and has been no failure on the part of the Partnership or any of
the Partnerships supervisors or officers, in their capacities as such, to comply with any provision of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act with which any of them is required to comply, including Section 402 related to loans and Sections 302 and 906
related to certifications. 

(31) Permitted Free Writing Prospectus. The Partnership has not distributed and will not
distribute any offering material in connection with the offering and sale of the Securities to be sold hereunder by an Agent as principal or agent for the Partnership, other than the Prospectus and any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus reviewed and
consented to by each Agent. 

(32) Actively Traded Security. The Common Units are an actively traded
security excepted from the requirements of Rule 101 of Regulation M under the Exchange Act by subsection (c)(1) of such rule. 

15 

(33) Absence of Manipulation. Other than excepted activity pursuant
to Regulation M under the Exchange Act, the Partnership has not taken and will not take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that would constitute or that might reasonably be expected to cause or result in the stabilization or
manipulation of the price of any security to facilitate the sale or resale of the Securities. 

(34) Statistical,
Demographic or Market-Related Data. Any statistical, demographic or market-related data included in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus is based on or derived from sources that the Partnership believes to be reliable and accurate, all
such data included in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus accurately reflects the materials upon which it is based or from which it was derived, and the Partnership has delivered true, complete and correct copies of such materials to the
Representatives. 

(35) No Unlawful Payments. None of the Partnership nor any of its subsidiaries nor any supervisor,
director, officer, or employee of any of the Partnership or any of its subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of the Partnership, any agent, affiliate or other person associated with or acting on behalf of the Partnership or any of its subsidiaries is
aware of or has taken any action, directly or indirectly, that has resulted or would result in (i) the use of any funds for any unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful expense relating to political activity; (ii) the
making or taking of an act in furtherance of an offer, promise or authorization of any direct or indirect unlawful payment or benefit to any foreign or domestic government or regulatory official or employee, including of any government-owned or
controlled entity or of a public international organization, or any person acting in an official capacity for or on behalf of any of the foregoing, or any political party or party official or candidate for political office; (iii) a violation by
any such person of any provision of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or any applicable law or regulation implementing the OECD Convention on Combating Bribery of Foreign Public Officials in International Business Transactions,
or committed an offence under the Bribery Act 2010 of the United Kingdom, or any other applicable anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws (collectively, Anti-Corruption Laws); or (iv) the making, offering, requesting or taking
of, or the agreement to take, an act in furtherance of any unlawful bribe or other unlawful benefit, including, without limitation, any rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other unlawful or improper payment or benefit. The Partnership and
its subsidiaries have instituted, maintain and enforce, and will continue to maintain and enforce policies and procedures designed to promote and ensure compliance with all applicable Anti-Corruption laws. For the past ten years, neither the
Partnership nor any of its subsidiaries have knowingly engaged in, are now knowingly engaged in, and will not engage in, any dealings or transactions in violation of Anti-Corruption Laws. The Partnership will not directly or indirectly use any of
the proceeds of the offering, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other person or entity to fund, finance or facilitate any activities, business or transactions that are
prohibited by Anti-Corruption Laws. 

16 

(36) Compliance with Money Laundering Laws. The operations of the
Partnership and its subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements, including those of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended,
the applicable money laundering statutes of all applicable jurisdictions, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines issued, administered or enforced by any governmental or regulatory agency
(collectively, the Anti-Money Laundering Laws) and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental or regulatory agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Partnership or any of its subsidiaries
with respect to the Anti-Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Partnership or any of its subsidiaries is, threatened. 

(37) No Conflicts with Sanction Laws. None of the Partnership nor any of its subsidiaries, supervisors, officers or
employees, nor, to the knowledge of the Partnership, any agent, employee or affiliate or other person associated with or acting on behalf of the Partnership or any of its subsidiaries is currently the subject or the target of any sanctions
administered or enforced by the U.S. Government, (including, without limitation, the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department of State and including, without limitation, the designation as a
specially designated national or blocked person), the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, His Majestys Treasury, or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, Sanctions), nor
is the Partnership, any of its subsidiaries located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject or the target of Sanctions, including, without limitation, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, the Crimea, the so-called Donetsk Peoples Republic, the so-called Luhansk Peoples Republic, and the non-government controlled areas of
the Kherson and Zaporizhzhia regions of Ukraine (each, a Sanctioned Country); and the Partnership will not directly or indirectly use any of the proceeds of the offering, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such
proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other person or entity (i) to fund or facilitate any activities of or business with any person that, at the time of such funding or facilitation, is the subject or the target of any
Sanctions, (ii) to fund or facilitate any activities of or any business in any Sanctioned Country or (iii) in any other manner that could result in a violation by any person (including any person participating in the transaction, whether
as underwriter, advisor, investor or otherwise) of any Sanctions. Since April 24, 2019, the Partnership and its subsidiaries have not knowingly engaged in, are not now knowingly engaged in, and will not engage in, any dealings or transactions
with any person that at the time of the dealing or transaction is or was the subject or the target of any Sanctions or with any Sanctioned Country. The Partnership and its subsidiaries have instituted, maintain and enforce, and will continue to
maintain and enforce, policies and procedures designed to promote and ensure compliance with all applicable Sanctions. 

(38) No Covered Foreign Person. Neither the Partnership nor any of its subsidiaries is a covered foreign
person, as that term is defined in 31 C.F.R. 850.209. Neither the Partnership nor any of its subsidiaries currently engage, or have plans to engage, directly or indirectly, in a covered activity, as that term is defined in
31 C.F.R. 850.208. 

17 

(39) No covered activity with an exception for Note 3 to
850.217 and 850.224. Neither the Partnership nor any of its subsidiaries currently engage, or have plans to engage, directly or indirectly, in a covered activity, as that term is defined in
31 C.F.R. 850.208, except to the extent that the Partnerships engagement in a covered activity is limited to customizing, configuring, or fine-tuning a third-party artificial intelligence model or machine-based system
strictly for its own internal, non-commercial use (e.g., not for sale or licensing) where such internal, non-commercial use is not for government intelligence,
mass-surveillance, or military end use, or for digital forensics tools, penetration testing tools, or the control of robotic systems. 

(40) Lending Relationship. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, the Partnership does
not have any outstanding borrowings from, and is not a party to any line of credit, credit agreement or other credit facility or otherwise has a borrowing relationship with, any bank or other lending institution affiliated with the Agents, and the
Partnership does not intend to use any of the proceeds from the sale of the Securities to repay any debt owed to the Agents or any affiliate thereof. 

(41) Transfer Taxes. There are no stock or other transfer taxes, stamp duties, capital duties or other similar duties,
taxes or charges payable in connection with the execution or delivery of this Agreement by the Partnership or the issuance or sale by the Partnership of the Securities to be sold by the Partnership to an Agent hereunder. 

(42) Related Party Transactions. There are no business relationships or related party transactions involving the
Partnership or any of its subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Partnership, any other person that are required to be described in the Prospectus that have not been described as required. 

(43) ERISA. (i) Each employee benefit plan (within the meaning of Section 3(3) of the Employee
Retirement Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA)), for which the Partnership or any member of the Controlled Group (defined as any organization which together with the Partnership is treated as a single employer
within the meaning of Section 414 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code)) would have any liability (each a Plan) has been maintained in compliance with its terms and with the
requirements of all applicable statutes, rules and regulations including ERISA and the Code; (ii) with respect to each Plan subject to Title IV of ERISA (a) no reportable event (within the meaning of Section 4043(c) of
ERISA) has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur, (b) no Plan has failed (whether or not waived), or is reasonably expected to fail, to satisfy the minimum funding standards (within the meaning of Section 302 of ERISA or
Section 412 of the Code), whether or not waived, (c) the fair market value of the assets under each Plan exceeds the present value of all benefits accrued under such Plan (determined based on those assumptions used to fund such Plan) and
(d) neither the Partnership nor member of the Controlled Group has incurred, or reasonably expects to incur, any liability under Title IV of ERISA (other than contributions to the Plan or premiums to the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation in
the ordinary course and without default) in respect of a Plan (including a multiemployer plan, within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA); and (iii) each Plan that is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a)
of the Code is so qualified and nothing has occurred, whether by action or by failure to act, which would cause the loss of such qualification. 

18 

(44) No Other Contracts. Other than this Agreement, there are no
contracts, agreements or understandings between the Partnership or any of its subsidiaries and any person that would give rise to a valid claim against the Partnership or the Agents for a brokerage commission, finders fee or other like payment
with respect to the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

(45) Proprietary Trading by the
Agents. The Partnership acknowledges and agrees that the Agents have informed the Partnership that the Agents may, to the extent permitted under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, purchase and sell Common Units for their own account while
this Agreement is in effect, and shall be under no obligation to purchase Securities on a principal basis pursuant to this Agreement, except as otherwise agreed by an Agent in the Placement Notice (as amended by the corresponding Acceptance, if
applicable). 

(46) FINRA Matters. All of the information provided to the Agents or to counsel for the Agents by the
Partnership and, to the knowledge of the Partnership, its supervisors and directors and the holders of any securities of the Partnership in connection with letters, filings or other supplemental information provided to the FINRA pursuant to FINRA
Conduct Rule 5110 or 5121 is true, complete and correct. To the knowledge of the Partnership, except as disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, no supervisor or officer of the Partnership has any association with any FINRA
member. 

(47) No Prohibition on Dividends by Subsidiaries. Except as described in the Prospectus, no subsidiary of
the Company is prohibited, directly or indirectly, from paying any dividends or making any other distributions on such subsidiarys capital stock, from repaying any debt owed to the Company or any of its other subsidiaries, or from transferring
any of its property or assets to the Company or any of its other subsidiaries. 

(48) Cyber Security. (A) There
has been no security breach or incident, unauthorized access or disclosure, or other compromise of or relating to the Partnership or its subsidiaries information technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data and databases
(including the data and information of their respective customers, employees, suppliers, vendors and any third party data maintained, processed or stored by the Partnership and its subsidiaries, and any such data processed or stored by third parties
on behalf of the Partnership and their subsidiaries), equipment or technology (collectively, IT Systems and Data); (B) none of the Partnership nor its subsidiaries have been notified of, and have no knowledge of any event or
condition that would result in, any security breach or incident, unauthorized access or disclosure or other compromise to their IT Systems and Data; (C) the IT Systems and Data are adequate for, and operate and perform in all material respects
as required in connection with the operation of the business of the Partnership and its subsidiaries as currently conducted, free and clear of all material bugs, errors, defects, Trojan horses, time bombs, malware and other corruptants and
(D) the Partnership and its subsidiaries have implemented appropriate controls, policies, procedures, and technological safeguards to maintain and protect the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security of their IT Systems and Data
reasonably consistent with industry standards and practices, or as required by applicable regulatory standards. The Partnership and its subsidiaries are presently in material compliance with all applicable

19 

laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to
(i) technology in the deep learning, machine learning or other artificial intelligence fields, and (ii) the privacy and security of IT Systems and Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use, access,
misappropriation or modification. 

(49) Forward-Looking Statements. No forward-looking statement (within the meaning
of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act) included or incorporated by reference in either the Registration Statement or the Prospectus has been made or reaffirmed without a reasonable basis after reasonable
inquiry by the Partnership or has been disclosed other than in good faith. 

(b) Certificates. Any certificate signed by any officer
of the Partnership or any of its subsidiaries and delivered to the Agents or to counsel for the Agents shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Partnership to the Agents as to the matters covered thereby. 

SECTION 6. Sale and Delivery; Settlement. 

(a) Sale of Placement Securities. On the basis of the representations and warranties herein contained and subject to the terms and
conditions herein set forth, upon an Agents acceptance of the terms of a Placement Notice or upon receipt by an Agent of an Acceptance, as the case may be, and unless the sale of the Placement Securities described therein has been declined,
suspended, or otherwise terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, such Agent will, for the period specified in the Placement Notice (as amended by the corresponding Acceptance, if applicable), use its commercially reasonable efforts
consistent with its normal trading and sales practices to sell such Placement Securities up to the amount specified, and otherwise in accordance with the terms of such Placement Notice (as amended by the corresponding Acceptance, if applicable). The
Partnership acknowledges and agrees that (i) there can be no assurance that any Agent will be successful in selling Placement Securities, (ii) no Agent will incur liability or obligation to the Partnership or any other person or entity if
it does not sell Placement Securities for any reason other than a failure by such Agent to use its commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales practices to sell such Placement Securities as required under this
Section 6 and (iii) no Agent shall be under any obligation to purchase Securities on a principal basis pursuant to this Agreement, except as otherwise agreed by such Agent in the Placement Notice (as amended by the corresponding
Acceptance, if applicable). 

(b) Settlement of Placement Securities. Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Placement Notice
(as amended by the corresponding Acceptance, if applicable), settlement for sales of Placement Securities will occur on the first (1st) Trading Day (or such earlier day as is industry practice for
regular-way trading) following the date on which such sales are made (each, a Settlement Date). The amount of proceeds to be delivered to the Partnership on a Settlement Date against receipt
of the Placement Securities sold (the Net Proceeds) will be equal to the aggregate sales price received by an Agent at which such Placement Securities were sold, after deduction for (i) such Agents commission, discount
or other compensation for such sales payable by the Partnership pursuant to Section 2 hereof, (ii) any other amounts due and payable by the Partnership to such Agent hereunder pursuant to Section 8(a) hereof, and (iii) any
transaction fees imposed by any governmental or self-regulatory organization in respect of such sales. 

20 

(c) Delivery of Placement Securities. On or before each Settlement Date, the
Partnership will, or will cause its transfer agent to, electronically transfer the Placement Securities being sold by crediting the applicable Agents or its designees account (provided such Agent shall have given the Partnership written
notice of such designee prior to the Settlement Date) at The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit and Withdrawal at Custodian System or by such other means of delivery as may be mutually agreed upon by the parties hereto which in all cases
shall be freely tradable, transferable, registered shares in good deliverable form. On each Settlement Date, the applicable Agent will deliver the related Net Proceeds in same day funds to an account designated by the Partnership on, or prior to,
the Settlement Date. If the Partnership, or its transfer agent (if applicable), defaults in its obligation to deliver Placement Securities on a Settlement Date, the Partnership agrees that in addition to and in no way limiting the rights and
obligations set forth in Section 10(a) hereto, it will (i) hold such Agent harmless against any loss, liability, claim, damage, or expense (including reasonable legal fees and expenses), as incurred, arising out of or in connection with
such default by the Partnership or its transfer agent and (ii) pay to such Agent any commission, discount, or other compensation to which it would otherwise have been entitled absent such default. 

(d) Denominations; Registration. The Partnership shall deliver the Securities through the facilities of the Depository Trust Company
unless an Agent shall otherwise instruct. If an Agent instructs the Partnership that any Securities are to be issued in certificated form, certificates for such Securities shall be in such denominations and registered in such names as an Agent may
request in writing at least one full business day before the Settlement Date. Any such certificates for the Securities will be made available for examination and packaging by the applicable Agent in The City of New York not later than noon (New York
time) on the business day prior to the Settlement Date. 

(e) Limitations on Offering Size. Under no circumstances shall the
Partnership cause or request the offer or sale of any Securities, if after giving effect to the sale of such Securities, the aggregate offering price of the Securities sold pursuant to this Agreement would exceed the lesser of (A) the Maximum
Amount, (B) the amount available for offer and sale under the currently effective Registration Statement, and (C) the amount authorized from time to time to be issued and sold under this Agreement by the Partnership and notified to an
Agent in writing. Under no circumstances shall the Partnership cause or request the offer or sale of any Securities pursuant to this Agreement at a price lower than the minimum price authorized from time to time by the Partnership and notified to an
Agent in writing. Further, under no circumstances shall the aggregate offering price of Securities sold pursuant to this Agreement, including any separate underwriting or similar agreement covering principal transactions described in Section 1
of this Agreement, exceed the Maximum Amount. 

(f) Black-out Limitations. Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement, the Partnership shall not offer or sell, or instruct an Agent to offer or sell, any Securities through an Agent (and, by notice to an Agent given by telephone (confirmed promptly by telecopy or email), shall
cancel any instructions for any such offer or sale of any Securities prior to the commencement of the periods referenced below), and no Agent shall be obligated to make any such offer or sale 

21 

of Securities, (i) during any period in which the Partnership is, or could be deemed to be, in possession of material non-public information or
(ii) except as provided in Section 6(f)(1) hereof, at any time during the period commencing on the 10th business day prior to the timethe Partnership issues a press release containing, or shall otherwise publicly announce, its
earnings, revenues or other operating results for a fiscal period or periods (each, an Earnings Announcement) through and including the time that is 24 hours after the time that the Partnership files a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or an Annual Report on Form 10-K (a Filing Time) that includes consolidated financial statements as of and for the same fiscal period or periods, as
the case may be, covered by such Earnings Announcement. 

(1) If the Partnership wishes to offer or sell Securities to an
Agent at any time during the period from and including an Earnings Announcement through and including the time that is 24 hours after the corresponding Filing Time, the Partnership shall first (i) prepare and deliver to the Agents (with a copy
to counsel to the Agents) a Current Report on Form 8-K that includes substantially the same financial and related information (together with managements discussion and analysis thereof) that was included
in such Earnings Announcement (other than any earnings projections and similar forward-looking data and officers quotations) (each, an Earnings 8-K), in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to the Agents, and, prior to its filing, obtain the written consent of the Agents to such filing (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld), (ii) provide the Agents with the officers certificate, opinions and letters of
counsel and accountants letter specified in Section 7(o), (p) and (q), respectively, hereof, (iii) afford the Agents the opportunity to conduct a due diligence review in accordance with Section 7(m) hereof prior to filing such
Earnings 8-K and (iv) file such Earnings 8-K with the Commission, then the provision of clause (ii) of Section 6(f) shall not be applicable for the period
from and after the time at which the foregoing conditions shall have been satisfied (or, if later, the time that is 24 hours after the time that the relevant Earnings Announcement was first publicly released) through and including the time that is
24 hours after the Filing Time of the relevant Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or Annual Report on Form 10-K, as the case may be. For purposes of clarity, the parties
hereto agree that (A) the delivery of any officers certificate, opinion or letter of counsel or accountants letter pursuant to this Section 6(f) shall not relieve the Partnership from any of its obligations under this Agreement
with respect to any Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or Annual Report on Form 10-K, as the case may be, including, without limitation, the obligation to deliver
officers certificates, opinions and letters of counsel and accountants letters as provided in Section 7(o), (p) and (q), respectively, hereof, and (B) this Section 6(f)(1) shall in no way affect or limit the operation of
clause (i) of Section 6(f) hereof, which shall have independent application. 

SECTION 7. Covenants of the Partnership.
The Partnership covenants with the Agents as follows: 

(a) Registration Statement Amendments; Payment of Fees. After the date of
this Agreement and during any period in which a Prospectus relating to any Placement Securities is required to be delivered by the Agents under the Securities Act (including in circumstances where such requirement may be satisfied pursuant to Rule
172 under the Securities Act), (i) the Partnership will notify the Agents promptly of the time when any subsequent amendment to the 

22 

Registration Statement, other than documents incorporated by reference, has been filed with the Commission and/or has become effective or any subsequent supplement to the Prospectus has been
filed and of any comment letter from the Commission or any request by the Commission for any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or Prospectus or for additional information; (ii) the Partnership will prepare and file with the
Commission, promptly upon the Agents request, any amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement or Prospectus that, in the Agents reasonable opinion, may be necessary or advisable in connection with the distribution of the
Placement Securities by the Agents (provided, however, that the failure of the Agents to make such request shall not relieve the Partnership of any obligation or liability hereunder, or affect the Agents right to rely on the
representations and warranties made by the Partnership in this Agreement); (iii) the Partnership will not file any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or Prospectus, other than documents incorporated by reference, relating to the
Placement Securities or a security convertible into the Placement Securities unless a copy thereof has been submitted to the Agents within a reasonable period of time before the filing and the Agents have not reasonably objected thereto
(provided, however, that the failure of the Agents to make such objection shall not relieve the Partnership of any obligation or liability hereunder, or affect the Agents right to rely on the representations and warranties made
by the Partnership in this Agreement) and the Partnership will furnish to the Agents at the time of filing thereof a copy of any document that upon filing is deemed to be incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement or Prospectus,
except for those documents available via EDGAR; and (iv) the Partnership will cause each amendment or supplement to the Prospectus, other than documents incorporated by reference, to be filed with the Commission as required pursuant to the
applicable paragraph of Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act (without reliance on Rule 424(b)(8) of the Securities Act). 

(b) Notice of
Commission Stop Orders. The Partnership will advise the Agents, promptly after it receives notice or obtains knowledge thereof, of the issuance or threatened issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the
Registration Statement or of any other order preventing or suspending the use of the Prospectus or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, or of the suspension of the qualification of the Placement Securities for offering or sale in any jurisdiction or
of the loss or suspension of any exemption from any such qualification, or of the initiation or threatening of any proceedings for any of such purposes, or of any examination pursuant to Section 8(e) of the Securities Act concerning the
Registration Statement or if the Partnership becomes the subject of a proceeding under Section 8A of the Securities Act in connection with the offering of the Securities. The Partnership will make every reasonable effort to prevent the issuance
of any stop order, the suspension of any qualification of the Securities for offering or sale and any loss or suspension of any exemption from any such qualification, and if any such stop order is issued or any such suspension or loss occurs, to
obtain the lifting thereof at the earliest possible moment. 

(c) Delivery of Registration Statement and Prospectus. The Partnership
will furnish to the Agents and their counsel (at the expense of the Partnership) copies of the Registration Statement, the Prospectus (including all documents incorporated by reference therein) and all amendments and supplements to the Registration
Statement or Prospectus, and any Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses, that are filed with the Commission during any period in which a Prospectus relating to the Placement Securities is required to be delivered under the Securities Act (including all
documents filed with the Commission during such period that are deemed to be incorporated 

23 

by reference therein), in each case as soon as reasonably practicable and in such quantities and at such locations as the Agents may from time to time reasonably request. The copies of the
Registration Statement and the Prospectus and any supplements or amendments thereto furnished to the Agents will be identical to the electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent
permitted by Regulation S-T.

(d) Continued Compliance with Securities Laws. If at any time
when a Prospectus is required by the Securities Act or the Exchange Act to be delivered in connection with a pending sale of the Placement Securities (including, without limitation, pursuant to Rule 172), any event shall occur or condition shall
exist as a result of which it is necessary, in the opinion of counsel for the Agents or for the Partnership, to amend the Registration Statement or amend or supplement the Prospectus in order that the Prospectus will not include any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading in the light of the circumstances existing at the time it is delivered to a purchaser, or if it shall be necessary, in the opinion
of such counsel, at any such time to amend the Registration Statement or amend or supplement the Prospectus in order to comply with the requirements of the Securities Act, the Partnership will promptly notify the Agents to suspend the offering of
Placement Securities during such period and the Partnership will promptly prepare and file with the Commission such amendment or supplement as may be necessary to correct such statement or omission or to make the Registration Statement or the
Prospectus comply with such requirements, and the Partnership will furnish to the Agents such number of copies of such amendment or supplement as the Agents may reasonably request. If at any time following issuance of an Issuer Free Writing
Prospectus there occurred or occurs an event or development as a result of which such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus conflicted, conflicts or would conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus or included,
includes or would include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted, omits or would omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances, prevailing at that subsequent time, not
misleading, the Partnership will promptly notify the Agents to suspend the offering of Placement Securities during such period and the Partnership will, subject to Section 7(a) hereof, promptly amend or supplement such Issuer Free Writing
Prospectus to eliminate or correct such conflict, untrue statement or omission. 

(e) Blue Sky and Other Qualifications. The
Partnership will use its best efforts, in cooperation with the Agents, to qualify the Placement Securities for offering and sale, or to obtain an exemption for the Securities to be offered and sold, under the applicable securities laws of such
states and other jurisdictions (domestic or foreign) as the Agents may designate and to maintain such qualifications and exemptions in effect for so long as required for the distribution of the Securities (but in no event for less than one year from
the date of this Agreement); provided, however, that the Partnership shall not be obligated to file any general consent to service of process or to qualify as a foreign corporation or as a dealer in securities in any jurisdiction in
which it is not so qualified or to subject itself to taxation in respect of doing business in any jurisdiction in which it is not otherwise so subject. In each jurisdiction in which the Placement Securities have been so qualified or exempt, the
Partnership will file such statements and reports as may be required by the laws of such jurisdiction to continue such qualification or exemption, as the case may be, in effect for so long as required for the distribution of the Placement Securities
(but in no event for less than one year from the date of this Agreement). 

24 

(f) Rule 158. The Partnership will timely file such reports pursuant to the Exchange
Act as are necessary in order to make generally available to its securityholders as soon as practicable an earnings statement for the purposes of, and to provide to the Agents the benefits contemplated by, the last paragraph of Section 11(a) of
the Securities Act. 

(g) Use of Proceeds. The Partnership will use the net proceeds received by it from the sale of the Securities
in the manner specified in the Prospectus under Use of Proceeds. 

(h) Listing. During any period in which the
Prospectus relating to the Placement Securities is required to be delivered by the Agents under the Securities Act with respect to a pending sale of the Placement Securities (including in circumstances where such requirement may be satisfied
pursuant to Rule 172 under the Securities Act), the Partnership will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Placement Securities to be listed on the NYSE. 

(i) Filings with the NYSE. The Partnership will timely file with the NYSE all material documents and notices required by the NYSE of
companies that have or will issue securities that are traded on the NYSE. 

(j) Reporting Requirements. The Partnership, during any
period when the Prospectus is required to be delivered under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act (including in circumstances where such requirement may be satisfied pursuant to Rule 172 under the Securities Act), will file all documents required
to be filed with the Commission pursuant to the Exchange Act within the time periods required by the Exchange Act. 

(k) Notice of Other
Sales. The Partnership will not, without (i) giving the Agents at least five (5) business days prior written notice specifying the nature of the proposed sale and the date of such proposed sale and (ii) the Agents suspending
activity under this program for such period of time as requested by the Partnership or as deemed appropriate by the Agents in light of the proposed sale, (A) offer, pledge, announce the intention to sell, sell, contract to sell, sell any option
or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option, right or warrant for the sale of, lend or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any Common Units or securities convertible into or exchangeable
or exercisable for or repayable with Common Units, or file any registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to any of the foregoing (other than a shelf registration statement under Rule 415 under the Securities Act, a registration
statement on Form S-8 or post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement) or (B) enter into any swap or other agreement or any transaction that transfers in whole or in part, directly or
indirectly, any of the economic consequence of ownership of the Common Units, or any securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for or repayable with Common Units, whether any such swap or transaction described in clause (A) or
(B) above is to be settled by delivery of Common Units or such other securities, in cash or otherwise. The foregoing sentence shall not apply to (x) the Common Units to be offered and sold through the Agents pursuant to this Agreement,
(y) Common Units issuable pursuant to any Companys dividend reinvestment plan, as may be amended or replaced from time to time and (z) equity incentive awards approved by the Board of Supervisors or the compensation committee thereof
or the issuance of Common Units upon exercise thereof. 

25 

(l) Change of Circumstances. The Partnership will, at any time during a fiscal
quarter in which the Partnership intends to tender a Placement Notice or sell Placement Securities, advise the Agents promptly after it shall have received notice or obtained knowledge thereof, of any information or fact that would alter or affect
in any material respect any opinion, certificate, letter or other document provided to the Agents pursuant to this Agreement. 

(m) Due
Diligence Cooperation. The Partnership will cooperate with any reasonable due diligence review conducted by the Agents or their agents in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, including, without limitation, providing information
and making available documents and senior officers, during regular business hours and at the Partnerships principal offices, as the Agents may reasonably request. 

(n) Disclosure of Sales. The Partnership will disclose in its quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
and in its annual report on Form 10-K the number of Placement Securities sold through the Agents, the Net Proceeds to the Partnership and the compensation payable by the Partnership to the Agents with respect
to such Placement Securities. 

(o) Representation Dates; Certificate. On or prior to the date that the first Securities are sold
pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and: 

(1) each time the Partnership: 

(i) files the Prospectus relating to the Placement Securities or amends or supplements the Registration Statement or the
Prospectus relating to the Placement Securities by means of a post-effective amendment, sticker, or supplement (but not by means of incorporation of documents by reference into the Registration Statement or the Prospectus relating to the Placement
Securities); 

(ii) files an annual report on Form 10-K under the Exchange Act; 

(iii) files a quarterly report on Form 10-Q under the Exchange Act; or 

(iv) files a report on Form 8-K containing amended historical financial information
(other than an earnings release, to furnish information pursuant to Items 2.02 or 7.01 of Form 8-K) under the Exchange Act; and 

(2) at any other time reasonably requested by the Agents (each such date of filing of one or more of the documents referred to
in clauses (1)(i) through (iv) and any time of request pursuant to this Section 7(o) shall be a Representation Date), 

the Partnership shall furnish the Agents with a certificate, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit F within one (1) Trading Day
of any Representation Date. The requirement to provide a certificate under this Section 7(o) shall be waived for any Representation Date occurring at a time at which no Placement Notice (as amended by the corresponding Acceptance, if
applicable) is pending, which waiver shall continue until the earlier to occur of the date the Partnership delivers a Placement Notice hereunder (which for such calendar quarter shall be considered a Representation Date) and the next occurring
Representation Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Partnership subsequently decides to sell Placement Securities following a Representation 

26 

Date when the Partnership relied on such waiver and did not provide the Agents with a certificate under this Section 7(o), then before the Partnership delivers the Placement Notice or any
Agent sells any Placement Securities, the Partnership shall provide the Agents with a certificate, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit F, dated the date of the Placement Notice. 

(p) Legal Opinion. On or prior to the date that the first Securities are sold pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and within one
(1) Trading Day of each Representation Date with respect to which the Partnership is obligated to deliver a certificate in the form attached hereto as Exhibit F for which no waiver is applicable, the Partnership shall cause to be
furnished to the Agents a written opinion of Proskauer Rose LLP (Company Counsel), or other counsel satisfactory to the Agents, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agents and their counsel, dated the date that the opinion is
required to be delivered, substantially similar to the form attached hereto as Exhibit E, modified, as necessary, to relate to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus as then amended or supplemented; provided, however,
that in lieu of such opinions for subsequent Representation Dates, counsel may furnish the Agents with a letter (a Reliance Letter) to the effect that the Agents may rely on a prior opinion delivered under this Section 7(p)
to the same extent as if it were dated the date of such letter (except that statements in such prior opinion shall be deemed to relate to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus as amended or supplemented at such Representation Date). 

(q) Comfort Letter. On or prior to the date that the first Securities are sold pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and within one
(1) Trading Day of each Representation Date with respect to which the Partnership is obligated to deliver a certificate in the form attached hereto as Exhibit F for which no waiver is applicable, the Partnership shall cause its
independent accountants (and any other independent accountants whose report is included in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus) to furnish the Agents letters (the Comfort Letters), dated the date the Comfort Letter is
delivered, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agents, (i) confirming that they are an independent registered public accounting firm within the meaning of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act and the PCAOB, (ii) stating, as of such
date, the conclusions and findings of such firm with respect to the financial information and other matters ordinarily covered by accountants comfort letters to underwriters in connection with registered public offerings (the first
such letter, the Initial Comfort Letter) and (iii) updating the Initial Comfort Letter with any information that would have been included in the Initial Comfort Letter had it been given on such date and modified as necessary
to relate to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, as amended and supplemented to the date of such letter. 

(r) Opinion of
Counsel for the Agents. On or prior to the date that the first Securities are sold pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and within one (1) Trading Day of each Representation Date with respect to which the Partnership is obligated to
deliver a certificate in the form attached hereto as Exhibit F for which no waiver is applicable, the Agents shall have received the favorable written opinion or opinions of Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP, counsel for the Agents,
dated such date, with respect to such matters as the Agent may reasonably request. 

(s) Suspension of Obligations Relating to Placement
Securities. For purposes of clarity and without limitation to any other provision of this Section 7 or elsewhere in this Agreement, the parties hereto agree that the obligations for the Agents, if any, to solicit purchases of Placement
Securities or otherwise take any action pursuant to Placement Securities shall, unless otherwise agreed in writing by the Agents, be suspended during the period from and including a Representation Date through and including the time that the Agents
shall have received the documents described in the preceding Section 7. 

27 

(t) Market Activities. The Partnership will not, directly or indirectly,
(i) take any action designed to cause or result in, or that constitutes or might reasonably be expected to constitute, the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Partnership to facilitate the sale or resale of the
Securities or (ii) sell, bid for, or purchase the Securities to be issued and sold pursuant to this Agreement, or pay anyone any compensation for soliciting purchases of the Securities to be issued and sold pursuant to this Agreement other than
the Agents; provided, however, that the Partnership may bid for and purchase its Common Units in accordance with Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act; and provided further, that no such bids or
purchases shall be made by the Partnership during the three (3) Trading Days before or after any sale of any Securities pursuant to this Agreement. 

(u) Insurance. The Partnership and its subsidiaries shall maintain, or cause to be maintained, insurance in such amounts and covering
such risks as is reasonable and customary for companies engaged in similar businesses in similar industries. 

(v) Compliance with
Laws. The Partnership and each of its subsidiaries shall maintain, or cause to be maintained, all material environmental permits, licenses and other authorizations required by federal, state and local law in order to conduct their businesses as
described in the Prospectus, and the Partnership and each of its subsidiaries shall conduct their businesses, or cause their businesses to be conducted, in substantial compliance with such permits, licenses and authorizations and with applicable
Environmental Laws, except where the failure to maintain or be in compliance with such permits, licenses and authorizations could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(w) Investment Company Act. The Partnership will conduct its affairs in such a manner so as to reasonably ensure that neither it nor
its subsidiaries will be or become, at any time prior to the termination of this Agreement, an investment company, as such term is defined in the Investment Company Act, assuming no change in the Commissions current interpretation
as to entities that are not considered an investment company. 

(x) Securities Act and Exchange Act. The Partnership will use its
best efforts to comply with all requirements imposed upon it by the Securities Act and the Exchange Act as from time to time in force, so far as necessary to permit the continuance of sales of, or dealings in, the Placement Securities as
contemplated by the provisions hereof and the Prospectus. 

(y) No Offer to Sell. Other than a free writing prospectus (as defined
in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) approved in advance in writing by the Partnership and the Agents in its capacity as principal or agent hereunder, the Partnership (including its agents and representatives, other than the Agents in their
capacity as such) will not, directly or indirectly, make, use, prepare, authorize, approve or refer to any free writing prospectus relating to the Securities to be sold by the Agents as principals or agents hereunder. 

28 

(z) Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The Partnership and its subsidiaries will use their best
efforts to comply with all effective applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

(aa) Regulation M. If the
Partnership has reason to believe that the exemptive provisions set forth in Rule 101(c)(1) of Regulation M under the Exchange Act are not satisfied with respect to the Partnership or the Common Units, it shall promptly notify the Agents and sales
of the Placement Securities under this Agreement shall be suspended until that or other exemptive provisions have been satisfied in the judgment of each party. 

SECTION 8. Payment of Expenses. 

(a) Expenses. The Partnership will pay all expenses incident to the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, including
(i) the preparation, printing and filing of the Registration Statement (including financial statements and exhibits) as originally filed and of each amendment and supplement thereto, (ii) the word processing, printing and delivery to the
Agents of this Agreement and such other documents as may be required in connection with the offering, purchase, sale, issuance or delivery of the Placement Securities, (iii) the preparation, issuance and delivery of the certificates for the
Placement Securities to the Agents, including any stock or other transfer taxes and any capital duties, stamp duties or other duties or taxes payable upon the sale, issuance or delivery of the Placement Securities to the Agents, (iv) the fees
and disbursements of the counsel, accountants and other advisors to the Partnership, (v) the qualification or exemption of the Placement Securities under securities laws in accordance with the provisions of Section 7(e) hereof, including
filing fees and the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Agents in connection therewith and in connection with the preparation of the Blue Sky Survey and any supplements thereto (not to exceed $10,000), (vi) the printing and delivery
to the Agents of copies of any permitted Free Writing Prospectus and the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto and any costs associated with electronic delivery of any of the foregoing by the Agents to investors, (vii) the
preparation, printing and delivery to the Agents of copies of the Blue Sky Survey and any Canadian wrapper and any supplements thereto, (viii) the fees and expenses of the Custodian and the transfer agent and registrar for the
Securities, (ix) the filing fees incident to, and the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel to the Agents in connection with, the review by FINRA of the terms of the sale of the Securities (not to exceed $10,000), (x) the fees and
expenses incurred in connection with the listing of the Placement Securities on the NYSE, (xi) the reasonable and documented out of pocket fees and disbursements of counsel for the Agents in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement in amounts not to exceed $125,000 and (xii) all other costs and expenses incident to the Partnerships performance of its obligations hereunder for which provision is not otherwise made in this Section 8 (collectively, the
Expenses). 

(b) Termination of Agreement. If this Agreement is terminated by an Agent in accordance with the provisions
of Section 9 or Section 13(a)(i) hereof, the Partnership shall reimburse such Agent for all of their out of pocket expenses incurred prior to the termination date payable pursuant to Section 8(a), including accrued but unpaid
reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Agents pursuant to section 8(a)(xi) above. 

29 

SECTION 9. Conditions of the Agents Obligations. The obligations
of the Agents hereunder with respect to a Placement will be subject to the continuing accuracy and completeness of the representations and warranties of the Partnership contained in this Agreement or in certificates of any officer of the Partnership
or any subsidiary of the Partnership delivered pursuant to the provisions hereof, to the performance by the Partnership of its covenants and other obligations hereunder, and to the following further conditions: 

(a) Effectiveness of Registration Statement. The Registration Statement and any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement shall have become
effective and shall be available for (i) all sales of Placement Securities issued pursuant to all prior Placement Notices (each as amended by a corresponding Acceptance, if applicable) and (ii) the sale of all Placement Securities
contemplated to be issued by any Placement Notice (each as amended by a corresponding Acceptance, if applicable). 

(b) No Material
Notices. None of the following events shall have occurred and be continuing: (i) receipt by the Partnership or any of its subsidiaries of any request for additional information from the Commission or any other federal or state governmental
authority during the period of effectiveness of the Registration Statement, the response to which would require any post-effective amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement or the Prospectus; (ii) the issuance by the Commission or
any other federal or state governmental authority of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the initiation of any proceedings for that purpose; (iii) receipt by the Partnership of any notification with
respect to the suspension of the qualification or exemption from qualification of any of the Placement Securities for sale in any jurisdiction or the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose; (iv) the occurrence of any event
that makes any material statement made in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, or any material document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference untrue in any material respect or
that requires the making of any changes in the Registration Statement, related Prospectus, or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, or such documents so that, in the case of the Registration Statement, it will not contain any materially untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading and, that in the case of the Prospectus and any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, it will not
contain any materially untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

(c) No Misstatement or Material Omission. None of the Agents shall have advised the Partnership that the Registration Statement or
Prospectus, or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto, contains an untrue statement of fact that in such Agents reasonable opinion is material, or omits to state a fact that in such Agents opinion is
material and is required to be stated therein or is necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. 

(d) Material Changes.
Except as contemplated in the Prospectus, or disclosed in the Partnerships reports filed with the Commission, there shall not have been any material adverse change in the condition, financial or otherwise, or in the earnings, business affairs
or business prospects of the Partnership and its subsidiaries considered as one enterprise, whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business. 

30 

(e) Opinion of Counsel for Company. The Agents shall have received the favorable
opinion of Company Counsel, required to be delivered pursuant to Section 7(p) on or before the date on which such delivery of such opinion is required pursuant to Section 7(p). 

(f) Opinion of Counsel for the Agents. The Partnership shall have received the favorable opinion of Counsel for the Agents, required to
be delivered pursuant to Section 7(r) on or before the date on which such delivery of such opinion is required pursuant to Section 7(r). 

(g) Representation Certificate. The Agents shall have received the certificate required to be delivered pursuant to Section 7(o)
on or before the date on which delivery of such certificate is required pursuant to Section 7(o). 

(h) Accountants Comfort
Letter. The Agents shall have received the Comfort Letter required to be delivered pursuant Section 7(q) on or before the date on which such delivery of such opinion is required pursuant to Section 7(q). 

(i) Approval for Listing. The Placement Securities shall either have been (i) approved for listing on NYSE, subject only to notice
of issuance, or (ii) the Partnership shall have filed an application for listing of the Placement Securities on NYSE at, or prior to, the issuance of any Placement Notice. 

(j) No Objection. Prior to the issuance of any Placement Notice, FINRA shall have confirmed in writing that it has no objection with
respect to the fairness and reasonableness of the underwriting terms and arrangements, if applicable. 

(k) No Suspension. Trading
in the Securities shall not have been suspended on the NYSE. 

(l) Additional Documents. On each date on which the Partnership is
required to deliver a certificate pursuant to Section 7(o), counsel for the Agents shall have been furnished with such documents and opinions as they may require for the purpose of enabling them to pass upon the issuance and sale of the
Securities as herein contemplated, or in order to evidence the accuracy of any of the representations or warranties, or the fulfillment of any of the conditions, contained in this Agreement. 

(m) Securities Act Filings Made. All filings with the Commission required by Rule 424 under the Securities Act to have been filed prior
to the issuance of any Placement Notice hereunder shall have been made within the applicable time period prescribed for such filing by Rule 424. 

(n) Termination of Agreement. If any condition specified in this Section 9 shall not have been fulfilled when and as required to
be fulfilled, this Agreement may be terminated by any Agent by notice to the Partnership, and such termination shall be without liability of any party to any other party except as provided in Section 8 hereof and except that, in the case of any
termination of this Agreement, Sections 5, 10, 11, 12, 15 and 22 hereof shall survive such termination and remain in full force and effect. 

31 

SECTION 10. Indemnification. 

(a) Indemnification by the Partnership. The Partnership agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Agent, its affiliates (as
such term is defined in Rule 501(b) of the Securities Act), and each person, if any, who controls any Agent within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act as follows: 

(i) against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as incurred, arising out of any untrue statement
or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto), including any information deemed to be a part thereof pursuant to Rule 430B, or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, or arising out of any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact included (A) in any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or
the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto) or (B) in any materials or information provided to investors by, or with the approval of, the Partnership in connection with the marketing of any offering of Securities (Marketing
Materials), including any roadshow or investor presentations made to investors by the Partnership (whether in person or electronically), or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; 

(ii) against any and all
loss, liability, claim, damage and expense, as incurred, to the extent of the aggregate amount paid in settlement of any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or of any claim
based upon any such untrue statement or omission, or any such alleged untrue statement or omission; provided that (subject to Section 10(d) below) any such settlement is effected with the written consent of the Partnership; and 

(iii) against any and all expense, as incurred (including the fees and disbursements of counsel chosen by the indemnified
Agent), reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue statement
or omission, or any such alleged untrue statement or omission, to the extent that any such expense is not paid under (i) or (ii) above, 

provided, however, that this indemnity agreement shall not apply to any loss, liability, claim, damage or expense to the extent arising out of
any untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with the Agent Information. 

(b) Indemnification by the Agents. Each Agent agrees, severally and not jointly, to indemnify and hold harmless the Partnership, its
supervisors, directors, each of its officers who signed the Registration Statement, and each person, if any, who controls the Partnership within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act against any
and all 

32 

loss, liability, claim, damage and expense described in the indemnity contained in subsection (a) of this Section 10, as incurred, but only with respect to untrue statements or
omissions, or alleged untrue statements or omissions, made in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto), any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto) in reliance upon and in conformity
with the Agent Information. 

(c) Actions against Parties; Notification. Each indemnified party shall give notice as promptly as
reasonably practicable to each indemnifying party of any action commenced against it in respect of which indemnity may be sought hereunder, but failure to so notify an indemnifying party shall not relieve such indemnifying party from any liability
hereunder to the extent it is not materially prejudiced as a result thereof and in any event shall not relieve it from any liability which it may have otherwise than on account of this indemnity agreement. Counsel to the indemnified parties shall be
selected as follows: counsel to the Agents and each person, if any, who controls an Agent within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act shall be selected by the Agents; and counsel to the
Partnership, its supervisors, directors, each of its officers who signed the Registration Statement and each person, if any, who controls the Partnership within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange
Act shall be selected by the Partnership. An indemnified party shall have the right to retain its own counsel, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such indemnified party unless (i) the indemnifying party and the
indemnified party shall have mutually agreed to the contrary; (ii) the indemnifying party has failed within a reasonable time to retain counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party; (iii) the indemnifying party shall have
reasonably concluded that there may be legal defenses available to it that are different from or in addition to those available to the indemnifying party; or (iv) the named parties in any such proceeding (including any impleaded parties)
included both the indemnifying party and the indemnified party and representation of both parties by the same counsel would be inappropriate due to actual or potential differing interests between them. An indemnifying party may participate at its
own expense in the defense of any such action; provided, however, that counsel to the indemnifying party shall not (except with the consent of the indemnified party) also be counsel to the indemnified party. In no event shall the
indemnifying parties be liable for the fees and expenses of more than one counsel (in addition to any local counsel) separate from their own counsel for the Agents and each person, if any, who controls an Agent within the meaning of Section 15
of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, and the fees and expenses of more than one counsel (in addition to any local counsel) separate from their own counsel for the Partnership, its directors, each of its officers who signed
the Registration Statement and each person, if any, who controls the Partnership within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, in each case in connection with any one action or separate but
similar or related actions in the same jurisdiction arising out of the same general allegations or circumstances. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of the indemnified parties, settle or compromise or consent to the entry
of any judgment with respect to any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever in respect of which indemnification or contribution could be sought under this
Section 10 or Section 11 hereof (whether or not the indemnified parties are actual or potential parties thereto), unless such settlement, compromise or consent (i) includes an unconditional release of each indemnified party from all
liability arising out of such litigation, investigation, proceeding or claim and (ii) does not include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf of any indemnified party. 

33 

(d) Settlement Without Consent if Failure to Reimburse. If at any time an indemnified
party shall have requested an indemnifying party to reimburse the indemnified party for fees and expenses of counsel, such indemnifying party agrees that it shall be liable for any settlement of the nature contemplated by Section 10(a)(ii)
effected without its written consent if (i) such settlement is entered into more than 45 days after receipt by such indemnifying party of the aforesaid request, (ii) such indemnifying party shall have received notice of the terms of such
settlement at least 30 days prior to such settlement being entered into and (iii) such indemnifying party shall not have reimbursed such indemnified party in accordance with such request prior to the date of such settlement. 

SECTION 11. Contribution. If the indemnification provided for in Section 10 hereof is for any reason unavailable to or
insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified party in respect of any losses, liabilities, claims, damages or expenses referred to therein, then each indemnifying party shall contribute to the aggregate amount of such losses, liabilities, claims,
damages and expenses incurred by such indemnified party, as incurred, (i) in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Partnership on the one hand and the relevant Agent on the other hand from the
offering of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in clause
(i) above but also the relative fault of the Partnership on the one hand and of the relevant Agent on the other hand in connection with the statements or omissions. 

The relative benefits received by the Partnership on the one hand and the relevant Agent on the other hand in connection with the offering of
the Securities pursuant to this Agreement shall be deemed to be in the same respective proportions as the total net proceeds from the offering of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement (before deducting expenses) received by the Partnership and
the total commissions received by the Agents, in each case as set forth on the cover of the Prospectus, bear to the aggregate public offering price of the Securities as set forth on such cover. 

The relative fault of the Partnership on the one hand and the Agents on the other hand shall be determined by reference to, among other
things, whether any such untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Partnership or by the Agents and the parties relative intent,
knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission. 

The Partnership and the Agents agree
that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 11 were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation which does not take account of the equitable considerations
referred to above in this Section 11. The aggregate amount of losses, liabilities, claims, damages and expenses incurred by an indemnified party and referred to above in this Section 11 shall be
deemed to include any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or
threatened, or any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission. 

34 

Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 11, no Agent shall be required to
contribute any amount in excess of the commissions received by it under this Agreement. 

No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation
(within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. 

For purposes of this Section 11, each person, if any, who controls any Agent within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act
or Section 20 of the Exchange Act shall have the same rights to contribution as such Agent, and each supervisor or director of the Partnership, each officer of the Partnership who signed the Registration Statement, and each person, if any, who
controls the Partnership within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act shall have the same rights to contribution as the Partnership. 

SECTION 12. Representations, Warranties and Agreements to Survive Delivery. All representations, warranties and agreements contained in
this Agreement or in certificates of officers of the Partnership submitted pursuant hereto, shall remain operative and in full force and effect, regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Agents or a controlling person, or by or on
behalf of the Partnership, and shall survive delivery of the Securities to the Agents. 

SECTION 13. Termination of Agreement. 

(a) Termination; General. Each Agent may terminate this Agreement, solely with respect to such Agent, by notice to the Partnership, as
hereinafter specified at any time if there has been, since the time of execution of this Agreement or since the date as of which information is given in the Prospectus, any material adverse change in the condition, financial or otherwise, or in the
earnings, business affairs or business prospects of the Partnership and its subsidiaries considered as one enterprise, whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business, or if there has occurred any material adverse change in the financial
markets in the United States or the international financial markets, any outbreak of hostilities or escalation thereof or other calamity or crisis or any change or development involving a prospective change in national or international political,
financial or economic conditions, in each case the effect of which is such as to make it, in the judgment of such Agent, impracticable or inadvisable to market the Securities or to enforce contracts for the sale of the Securities, or if trading in
the Placement Securities has been suspended or limited by the Commission or the NYSE, or if trading generally on the American Stock Exchange, the NYSE or the Nasdaq Global Market has been suspended or limited, or minimum or maximum prices for
trading have been fixed, or maximum ranges for prices have been required, by any of said exchanges or by order of the Commission, the FINRA or any other governmental authority, or a material disruption has occurred in commercial banking or
securities settlement or clearance services in the United States or in Europe, or if a banking moratorium has been declared by either Federal or New York authorities. 

(b) Termination by the Partnership. The Partnership shall have the right, by giving three (3) days notice as
hereinafter specified to terminate this Agreement in its sole discretion at any time after the date of this Agreement. 

35 

(c) Termination by the Agents. Each Agent shall have the right, by giving three
(3) days notice as hereinafter specified to terminate this Agreement in its sole discretion at any time after the date of this Agreement, solely with respect to such Agent. 

(d) Automatic Termination. Unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Section 13, this Agreement shall automatically terminate
upon the issuance and sale of all of the Placement Securities through the Agents on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein with an aggregate sale price equal to the amount set forth in Section 1 of this Agreement. 

(e) Continued Force and Effect. This Agreement shall remain in full force and effect unless terminated pursuant to Sections 13(a),
(b), (c) or (d) above or otherwise by mutual agreement of the parties. 

(f) Effectiveness of Termination. Any termination of
this Agreement shall be effective on the date specified in such notice of termination; provided, however, that such termination shall not be effective until the close of business on the date of receipt of such notice by the Agents or
the Partnership, as the case may be. If such termination shall occur prior to the Settlement Date for any sale of Placement Securities, such Placement Securities shall settle in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. 

(g) Liabilities. If this Agreement is terminated pursuant to this Section 13, such termination shall be without liability of any
party to any other party except as provided in Section 8 hereof, and except that, in the case of any termination of this Agreement, Section 5, Section 10, Section 11, Section 12, Section 15 and Section 22 hereof
shall survive such termination and remain in full force and effect. 

SECTION 14. Notices. Except as otherwise provided in this
Agreement, all notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if mailed or transmitted by any standard form of telecommunication. Notices to the Agents shall be directed to Wells Fargo
Securities at Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, 500 West 33rd Street, New York, New York 10001, fax no. [***], Attention of Equity Syndicate Department, BofA Securities Inc. at BofA Securities, Inc.,
One Bryant Park, New York, New York 10036, Email [***]Evercore Group L.L.C., at Evercore Group L.L.C., 55 East 52nd street, New York, New York 10055, fax no. [***], Attention Equity Capital
Markets, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC at J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, 383 Madison Ave., New York, New York 10179, facsimile: [***], Email: [***], Attention [***]; notices to the Partnership shall be directed to it at [***], fax no. [***], Attention of
[***] 

SECTION 15. Recognition of the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes. 

(a) In the event that any Agent is a Covered Entity and becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer
from such Agent of this Agreement, and any interest and obligation in or under this Agreement, will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement, and any such interest
and obligation, were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. 

36 

(b) In the event that any Agent is a Covered Entity or a BHC Act Affiliate of such Agent
becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under this Agreement that may be exercised against such Agent are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under
the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. 

SECTION 16. Parties. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon each Agent, the Partnership and their respective
successors. Nothing expressed or mentioned in this Agreement is intended or shall be construed to give any person, firm or corporation, other than the Agents, the Partnership and their respective successors and the controlling persons and officers
and directors referred to in Sections 10 and 11 and their heirs and legal representatives, any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or in respect of this Agreement or any provision herein contained. This Agreement and all conditions
and provisions hereof are intended to be for the sole and exclusive benefit of each Agent, the Partnership and their respective successors, and said controlling persons and officers and directors and their heirs and legal representatives, and for
the benefit of no other person, firm or corporation. No purchaser of Securities from any Agent shall be deemed to be a successor by reason merely of such purchase. 

SECTION 17. Adjustments for Stock Splits. The parties acknowledge and agree that all Common Unit-related numbers contained in this
Agreement shall be adjusted to take into account any unit split, unit dividend or similar event effected with respect to the Securities. 

SECTION 18. Governing Law and Time. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW
YORK. SPECIFIED TIMES OF DAY REFER TO NEW YORK CITY TIME. 

SECTION 19. Effect of Headings. The Section and Exhibit headings herein
are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof. 

SECTION 20. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in
two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed Agreement by one party to the other may be made by facsimile or e-mail transmission. The words execution, signed, signature, and words of like import in this Agreement or in any other certificate, agreement or document related to this
Agreement, if any, shall include images of manually executed signatures transmitted by facsimile or other electronic format (including, without limitation, pdf, tif or jpg) and other electronic signatures
(including, without limitation, DocuSign and AdobeSign). The use of electronic signatures and electronic records (including, without limitation, any contract or other record created, generated, sent, communicated, received, or stored by electronic
means) shall be of the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a manually executed signature or use of a paper-based record-keeping system to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in
Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act and any other applicable law, including, without limitation, any state law based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act or the Uniform Commercial Code.

37 

SECTION 21. Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the
respective meanings set forth below: 

Applicable Time means the time of each sale of any Securities or any securities
pursuant to this Agreement. 

BHC Act Affiliate has the meaning assigned to the term affiliate in, and shall
be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k). 

Capital Stock means any Common Units or other capital
stock of the Partnership. 

Commission means the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Company Documents means any contracts, indentures, mortgages, deeds of trust, loan or credit agreements, bonds, notes,
debentures, evidences of indebtedness, leases or other instruments or agreements to which the Partnership or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which the Partnership or any of its subsidiaries is bound or to which any of the property or assets
of the Partnership or any of its subsidiaries is subject including, without limitation, all Subject Instruments. 

Covered
Entity means any of (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b), (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance
with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b), or (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 

Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 
252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 

EDGAR means the Commissions Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and
Retrieval system. 

Existing Credit Agreement means the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, as amended dated
as of March 15, 2024 among the Partnership, the Operating Partnership and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and the lenders party thereto, as amended, supplemented or restated, if applicable, including any promissory notes, pledge
agreements, security agreements, mortgages, guarantees and other instruments or agreements entered into by the Partnership or any of its subsidiaries in connection therewith or pursuant thereto, in each case as amended, supplemented or restated, if
applicable. 

Existing Indentures means (i) the Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 14, 2017 to
the Indenture dated as of May 27, 2014 between the Partnership, Suburban Energy Finance Corp. and The Bank of New York Mellon as trustee and (ii) the Indenture, dated as of May 24, 2021 among the Partnership, Suburban Energy Finance
Corp. and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee, each as amended, supplemented or restated, if applicable, including any debt securities, pledge agreements, security agreements, mortgages, guarantees or other instruments or agreements entered into
by the Partnership or any of its subsidiaries in connection therewith or pursuant thereto, in each case as amended, supplemented or restated, if applicable. 

38 

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and
the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder. 

FINRA means the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.

GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles. 

Investment Company Act means the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

Issuer Free Writing Prospectus means any issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433, relating to
the Securities that (i) is required to be filed with the Commission by the Partnership, (ii) is a road show that is a written communication within the meaning of Rule 433(d)(8)(i) whether or not required to be filed
with the Commission, or (iii) is exempt from filing pursuant to Rule 433(d)(5)(i) because it contains a description of the Securities or of the offering that does not reflect the final terms, and all free writing prospectuses that are listed in
Exhibit G hereto, in each case in the form furnished (electronically or otherwise) to the Agents for use in connection with the offering of the Securities. 

Lien means any security interest, mortgage, pledge, lien, encumbrance, claim or equity. 

NYSE means the New York Stock Exchange. 

Organizational Documents means (a) in the case of a corporation, its charter and by laws; (b) in the case of a
limited or general partnership, its partnership certificate, certificate of formation or similar organizational document and its partnership agreement; (c) in the case of a limited liability company, its articles of organization, certificate of
formation or similar organizational documents and its operating agreement, limited liability company agreement, membership agreement or other similar agreement; (d) in the case of a trust, its certificate of trust, certificate of formation or
similar organizational document and its trust agreement or other similar agreement; and (e) in the case of any other entity, the organizational and governing documents of such entity. 

Repayment Event means any event or condition which gives the holder of any bond, note, debenture or other evidence of
indebtedness (or any person acting on such holders behalf) the right to require the repurchase, redemption or repayment of all or a portion of such indebtedness by the Partnership or any subsidiary of the Partnership. 

Rule 163, Rule 164, Rule 172, Rule 405, Rule
415, Rule 424(b), Rule 430B, Rule 433 and Rule 462(b) refer to such rules under the Securities Act. 

Rule 462(b) Registration Statement means a registration statement filed by the Partnership pursuant to Rule 462(b) for the
purpose of registering any of the Securities under the Securities Act, including the documents incorporated by reference therein and the Rule 430A Information. 

39 

Sarbanes-Oxley Act means the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder or implementing the provisions thereof. 

Subject Instruments means the Existing
Credit Agreement, the Existing Indentures, and all other instruments, agreements and documents filed or incorporated by reference as exhibits to the Registration Statement pursuant to Rule 601(b)(10) of Regulation
S-K of the Commission; provided that if any instrument, agreement or other document filed or incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Registration Statement as aforesaid has been redacted or if
any portion thereof has been deleted or is otherwise not included as part of such exhibit (whether pursuant to a request for confidential treatment or otherwise), the term Subject Instruments shall nonetheless mean such instrument,
agreement or other document, as the case may be, in its entirety, including any portions thereof which shall have been so redacted, deleted or otherwise not filed. 

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder.

U.S. Special Resolution Regime means each of (i) the Federal Deposit Insurance Act of 1950, as amended, and the
regulations promulgated thereunder and (ii) Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, as amended, and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 

All references in this Agreement to financial statements and schedules and other information that is contained,
included, disclosed or stated in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus (and all other references of like import) shall be deemed to mean and include all such financial statements and schedules and other
information that is incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, as the case may be. 

All references in this
Agreement to the Registration Statement, any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement, the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement to any of the foregoing shall be deemed to include the copy filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR; all references in
this Agreement to any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus (other than any Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses that, pursuant to Rule 433, are not required to be filed with the Commission) shall be deemed to include the copy thereof filed with the Commission
pursuant to EDGAR; and all references in this Agreement to supplements to the Prospectus shall include, without limitation, any supplements, wrappers or similar materials prepared in connection with any offering, sale or
private placement of any Placement Securities by the Agents outside of the United States. 

SECTION 22. Permitted Free Writing
Prospectuses. The Partnership represents, warrants and agrees that, unless it obtains the prior consent of the Agents, and each Agent represents, warrants and agrees that, unless it obtains the prior consent of the Partnership, it has not made
and will not make any offer relating to the Securities that would constitute an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, or that would otherwise constitute a free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 405, required to be filed with the
Commission. Any such free writing prospectus consented to by the Agents or by the Partnership, as the case may be, is hereinafter referred to as a Permitted Free Writing Prospectus. The Partnership represents and warrants that it has
treated and agrees that it will treat each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus as an issuer free writing prospectus, as defined 

40 

in Rule 433, and has complied and will comply with the requirements of Rule 433 applicable to any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, including timely filing with the Commission where required,
legending and record keeping. For the purposes of clarity, the parties hereto agree that all free writing prospectuses, if any, listed in Exhibit G hereto are Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses. 

SECTION 23. Absence of Fiduciary Relationship. The Partnership acknowledges and agrees that: 

(a) Each Agent is acting solely as agent and/or principal in connection with the public offering of the Securities and in connection with each
transaction contemplated by this Agreement and the process leading to such transactions, and no fiduciary or advisory relationship between the Partnership or any of its respective affiliates, unitholders (or other equity holders), creditors or
employees or any other party, on the one hand, and each Agent, on the other hand, has been or will be created in respect of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, irrespective of whether or not any Agent has advised or is advising
the Partnership on other matters, and each Agent has no obligation to the Partnership with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement except the obligations expressly set forth in this Agreement; 

(b) the public offering price of the Securities set forth in this Agreement was not established by the Agents; 

(c) it is capable of evaluating and understanding, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement; 

(d) The Agents have not provided any legal, accounting, regulatory or tax advice with respect to the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and each has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate; 

(e) it is aware that the Agents and their respective affiliates are engaged in a broad range of transactions which may involve interests that
differ from those of the Partnership and the Agents have no obligation to disclose such interests and transactions to the Partnership by virtue of any fiduciary, advisory or agency relationship or otherwise; and 

(f) it waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims it may have against any Agent for breach of fiduciary duty or alleged breach
of fiduciary duty and agrees that no Agent shall have any liability (whether direct or indirect, in contract, tort or otherwise) to it in respect of such a fiduciary duty claim or to any person asserting a fiduciary duty claim on its behalf or in
right of it or the Partnership, employees or creditors of Company. 

[Signature Page Follows.] 

41 

If the foregoing is in accordance with your understanding of our agreement, please sign and
return to the Partnership a counterpart hereof, whereupon this instrument, along with all counterparts, will become a binding agreement between the Agents and the Partnership in accordance with its terms. 

Very truly yours,

Suburban Propane Partners, L.P.

By: 

/s/ Michael A. Kuglin

Name: Michael A. Kuglin

Title: Chief Financial Officer

CONFIRMED AND ACCEPTED, as of the date first above written:

WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC

By 

/s/ Michael Tiedemann

Name: Michael Tiedemann

Title: Managing Director

BOFA SECURITIES INC.

By 

/s/ Alex Kroner

Name: Alex Kroner

Title: Managing Director

EVERCORE GROUP L.L.C.

By 

/s/ Raymond B. Strong

Name: Raymond B. Strong

Title: Managing Director

J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC

By 

/s/ Sanjeet Dewal

Name: Sanjeet Dewal

Title: Managing Director

42
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>sph-20250220.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>sph-20250220_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>sph-20250220_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Feb. 20, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name SUBURBAN PROPANE PARTNERS LP

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001005210

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Feb. 20, 2025

Entity File Number 1-14222

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity Tax Identification Number 22-3410353

Entity Address, Address Line One 240 Route 10 West

Entity Address, City or Town Whippany

Entity Address, State or Province NJ

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 07981

City Area Code (973)

Local Phone Number 887-5300

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Units

Trading Symbol SPH

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.suburbanpropane.com//20250220/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d937299d8k.htm 
sph-20250220.xsd 
sph-20250220_lab.xml 
sph-20250220_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-031240-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>d937299d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001005210 

2025-02-20 
2025-02-20 

SUBURBAN PROPANE PARTNERS LP 
false 
0001005210 
8-K 
2025-02-20 
1-14222 
DE 
22-3410353 
240 Route 10 West 
Whippany 
NJ 
07981 
(973) 
887-5300 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Units 
SPH 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>