<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001641172-25-002645.txt : 20250404
<SEC-HEADER>0001641172-25-002645.hdr.sgml : 20250404
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250403195513
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001641172-25-002645
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		28
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250401
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250404
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250403

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Soulpower Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002025608
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		EIN:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42582
		FILM NUMBER:		25811656

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		250 WEST 55TH STREET
		STREET 2:		17TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019
		BUSINESS PHONE:		516-375-1512

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		250 WEST 55TH STREET
		STREET 2:		17TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false--12-31000202560800020256082025-04-012025-04-010002025608SOUL:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShareAndOneRightMember2025-04-012025-04-010002025608SOUL:ClassOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember2025-04-012025-04-010002025608SOUL:RightsEachRightEntitlingHolderToReceiveOnetenth110OfOneClassOrdinaryShareUponConsummationOfInitialBusinessCombinationMember2025-04-012025-04-01iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
April 1, 2025

Soulpower Acquisition
Corporation

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Cayman Islands 001-42582 98-1793430

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

250 West 55th Street, 17th Floor, New York, New
York10019

(Address of principal executive offices, including
zip code)

Registrants telephone number, including area
code: 201-282-6717

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing
is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange

on which registered

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one right SOULU NYSE

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share SOUL NYSE

Rights,
each right entitling the holder to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one Class A ordinary share upon the consummation of the initial business
combination SOULR NYSE

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an
emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark
if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On April 3, 2025, Soulpower Acquisition
Corporation (the Company) consummated its initial public offering (IPO) of 25,000,000 units (the Units),
including the purchase by the underwriters of 3,000,000 additional Units at the offering price, reflecting the partial exercise of their
option to to purchase up to an additional 3,300,000 Units to cover over-allotments. The Units were sold at a price of $10.00 per Unit,
generating gross proceeds to the Company of $250,000,000. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share of the Company, par value $0.0001
per share (the Class A Ordinary Shares), and one right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one Class A Ordinary Share upon the
consummation of the Companys initial business combination (each, a Share Right).

In connection with the IPO, the
Company entered into the following agreements, forms of which were previously filed as exhibits to the Companys registration statement
on Form S-1 (File No. 333-284465) and Form S-1MEF (File No. 333-286324) for the IPO, initially filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission (the Commission) on January 31, 2025 (the Registration Statement):

An Underwriting Agreement, dated
April 1, 2025, by and between the Company and Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. (Cantor), as representative of the several underwriters,
a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 1.1 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

A Share Rights Agreement, dated
April 1, 2025 by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as share rights agent, a copy of which is
attached as Exhibit 4.1 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

An Investment Management Trust
Agreement, dated April 1, 2025, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as trustee, a copy of
which is attached as Exhibit 10.1 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

A Registration Rights Agreement,
dated April 1, 2025, by and among the Company and certain security holders, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.2 hereto and incorporated
herein by reference.

A Private Placement Units Purchase
Agreement, dated April 1, 2025 (the Sponsor Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement), by and between the Company and
Soulpower Acquisition Sponsor LLC (the Sponsor), a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.3 hereto and incorporated herein
by reference.

A
Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement, dated April 1, 2025 (the Cantor Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement),
by and between the Company and Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.4 hereto and incorporated herein
by reference.

A Letter Agreement, dated April
1, 2025, by and among the Company, its officers, its directors and the Sponsor, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.5 hereto and
incorporated herein by reference.

Indemnity Agreements, dated April
1, 2025, by and among the Company and each Director and Executive Officer of the Company, a form of which is attached as Exhibit 10.6
hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

An Administrative Services Agreement, dated April
1, 2025 by and between the Company and Soulpower International Corporation, a copy of which
is attached as Exhibit 10.7 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

1 

Item 3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

Simultaneously with the closing
of the IPO, pursuant to the Sponsor Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement and the Cantor Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement,
the Company completed the private sale of an aggregate of 620,000 units (the Private Placement Units) to the Sponsor and
Cantor at a price of $10.00 per Private Placement Unit. The Private Placement Units (and underlying securities) are identical to the units
included in the Units sold in the IPO, except as otherwise disclosed in the Companys Registration Statement. No underwriting discounts
or commissions were paid with respect to such sale. The issuance of the Private Placement Units was made pursuant to the exemption from
registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain
Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

On April 1, 2025, the Company
entered into indemnity agreements with each of the Directors and Executive Officers, which require the Company to indemnify each of them
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and to advance expenses incurred as a result of any proceeding against them as to which
they could be indemnified. The foregoing summary of the indemnity agreements does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified
in its entirety by, the full text of the form of indemnity agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.6 to this Current Report on Form 8-K
and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 5.03. Amendments to the Amended and
Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association; Change in Fiscal Year.

On April 1, 2025, in connection
with the IPO, the Company filed its amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (the Amended and Restated Memorandum
and Articles of Association) with the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies, which was effective on April 1, 2025. The terms of
the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association are set forth in the Registration Statement and are incorporated herein
by reference. A copy of the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association is attached as Exhibit 3.1 hereto and incorporated
herein by reference.

Item 8.01. Other Events.

A total of $250,000,000 of the
proceeds from the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Units (which amount includes $10,600,000 of the underwriters deferred
underwriting commissions), was placed in a U.S.-based trust account maintained by Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, acting
as trustee, with the remaining $1,050,000 of proceeds from the Private Placement Units going to the Companys working capital
account (a portion of which will be used to pay offering expenses). Except with respect to interest earned on the funds in the trust
account that may be released to the Company to pay its taxes and up to $100,000 for winding up and dissolution expenses, the funds held
in the trust account will not be released from the trust account until the earliest of (i) the completion of the Companys initial
business combination, (ii) the redemption of the Companys public shares if it is unable to complete its initial business combination
within 24 months from the closing of the IPO (or by such earlier liquidation date as the Companys board of directors may approve),
subject to applicable law, and (iii) the redemption of the Companys public shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder
vote to amend the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association to modify the substance or timing of its
obligation to redeem 100% of the Companys public shares if it has not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months
from the closing of the IPO or with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business
combination activity.

2 

On April 1, 2025, the Company
issued a press release announcing the pricing of the IPO, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

On April 3, 2025, the Company
issued a press release announcing the closing of the IPO, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 99.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

The following exhibits are being
filed herewith:

Exhibit No. Description

1.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated April 1, 2025, by and between the Company and Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., as representative of the several underwriters.

3.1 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company.

4.1 Share Rights Agreement, dated April 1, 2025, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as rights agent.

10.1 Investment Management Trust Agreement, April 1, 2025, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as trustee.

10.2 Registration Rights Agreement, dated April 1, 2025,, by and among the Company and certain security holders.

10.3 Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement, dated April 1, 2025, by and between the Company and the Sponsor.

10.4 Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement, dated April 1, 2025, by and between the Company and Cantor Fitzgerald & Co.

10.5 Letter Agreement, dated April 1, 2025, by and among the Company, its officers, directors, and the Sponsor.

10.6 Form of Indemnity Agreement.

10.7 Administrative Services Agreement, dated April 1, 2025, by and between the Company and Soulpower International Corporation.

99.1 Press Release, dated April 1, 2025.

99.2 Press Release, dated April 3, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within
the Inline XBRL document).

3 

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

Soulpower Acquisition Corporation

By: /s/ Justin Lafazan

Name: Justin Lafazan

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Dated: April 3, 2025 

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex1-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 1.1

UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT

between

SOULPOWER ACQUISITION CORPORATION

and

CANTOR FITZGERALD & CO.,

As Representative of the Underwriters

Dated: April 1, 2025

SOULPOWER ACQUISITION CORPORATION UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT

New York, New York

April 1, 2025

Cantor Fitzgerald & Co.

499 Park Avenue

New York, New York 10022

As Representative of the Several Underwriters

named on Schedule A hereto

Ladies and Gentlemen:

The undersigned, Soulpower Acquisition
Corporation a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), hereby confirms its agreement with Cantor Fitzgerald
& Co. (Cantor Fitzgerald or the Representative) and with the other underwriters named on
Schedule A hereto (if any), for which the Representative is acting as representative (the Representative and such other
underwriters being collectively referred to herein as the Underwriters or, each underwriter individually, an Underwriter
(provided that, if only Cantor is listed on such Schedule A, any reference to Underwriters shall refer exclusively to Cantor) as follows:

1. Purchase and Sale of Securities.

1.1. Firm Securities.

1.1.1. Purchase of Firm Units.
On the basis of the representations and warranties contained herein, but subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Company
agrees to issue and sell to the several Underwriters, severally and not jointly, and the Underwriters agree to purchase from the Company,
severally and not jointly, an aggregate of 22,000,000 units (the Firm Units) of the Company, as set forth opposite
the respective names of the Underwriters on Schedule A hereto, at a purchase price (net of discounts and commissions and
the Deferred Underwriting Commission described in Section 1.3 below) of $9.40 per Firm Unit. The Firm Units are to be offered initially
to the public (the Offering) at the offering price of $10.00 per Firm Unit. Each Firm Unit consists of one Class
A ordinary share (Ordinary Share), $0.0001 par value, of the Company (the Public Shares), and
one right (each, a Share Right) to receive one tenth (1/10) of an Ordinary Share upon the consummation of an initial
business combination (the Public Share Rights). The Public Shares and the Public Share Rights included in the Firm
Units will trade separately on the fifty-second (52nd) day following the date hereof (or
if such date is not a Business Day (as defined in Section 1.1.2), the following Business Day) unless the Representative determines
to allow earlier separate trading. Notwithstanding the immediately preceding sentence, in no event will the Public Shares and the Public
Share Rights included in the Firm Units trade separately until (i) the Company has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
Commission) a Current Report on Form 8-K that includes an audited balance sheet reflecting the Companys receipt
of the proceeds of the Offering and the Private Placement (as defined in Section 1.4.2) and updated financial information with
respect to any proceeds the Company receives from the exercise of the Over-allotment Option (defined below) if such option is exercised
prior to the filing of the Form 8-K and (ii) the Company has issued a press release announcing when such separate trading will begin.
Each Share Right entitles its holder to automatically receive one-tenth of an Ordinary Share upon consummation by the Company of a merger,
share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses (the
Business Combination and such consummation, the Business Combination Closing).

1.1.2. Payment and Delivery.
Delivery and payment for the Firm Units shall be made at 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on the first (1st ) Business Day (as
defined below) following the commencement of trading of the Units, or at such earlier time as shall be agreed upon by the Representative
and the Company, at the offices of Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP, counsel to the Underwriters (EGS), or at such
other place as shall be agreed upon by the Representative and the Company. The hour and date of delivery and payment for the Firm Units
is called the Closing Date. Payment for the Firm Units shall be made on the Closing Date by wire transfer in Federal
(same day) funds, payable as follows: $220,000,000 of the proceeds received by the Company for the Firm Units and the sale of the Placement
Units (as defined in Section 1.4.2) shall be deposited in the trust account (the Trust Account) established
by the Company for the benefit of the Public Shareholders (as defined below), as described in the Registration Statement (as defined in
Section 2.1.1) pursuant to the terms of an Investment Management Trust Agreement (the Trust Agreement) between
the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company (CST). The funds deposited in the Trust Account shall
include an aggregate of $8,800,000 ($0.40 per Firm Unit), payable to the Representative, for its own account, as Deferred Underwriting
Commission, in accordance with Section 1.3 hereof. The remaining proceeds (less commissions and actual expense payments or other
fees payable pursuant to this Agreement), if any, shall be paid to the order of the Company simultaneously with the delivery to the Representative
of certificates (in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative) representing the Firm Units (or through the facilities of The
Depository Trust Company (DTC)) for the account of the Underwriters. The Firm Units shall be registered in such name
or names and in such authorized denominations as the Representative may request in writing at least two (2) full Business Days prior to
the Closing Date. If delivery is not made through the facilities of DTC, the Company will permit the Representative to examine and package
the Firm Units for delivery, at least one (1) full Business Day prior to the Closing Date. The Company shall not be obligated to sell
or deliver any of the Firm Units except upon tender of payment by the Representative for all the Firm Units. As used herein, the term
Public Shareholders means the holders of Ordinary Shares sold as part of the Units (as defined below) in the Offering
or acquired in the aftermarket, including the Sponsor (as defined below) and any officer or director of the Company, to the extent, he,
she or it acquires such Ordinary Shares in the aftermarket (and solely with respect to such Ordinary Shares). Business Day
shall mean any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized or required
by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law
to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any other
similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so long
as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York are generally open
for use by customers on such day.

1.2. Over-Allotment Option.

1.2.1. Option Units. The
Representative is hereby granted an option (the Over-allotment Option) to purchase up to an additional 3,300,000
units (the Option Units), the net proceeds of which will be deposited in the Trust Account, for the purposes of covering
any over-allotments in connection with the distribution and sale of the Firm Units. Such Option Units shall be identical in all respects
to the Firm Units. Such Option Units shall be purchased for each account of the several Underwriters in the same proportion as the number
of Firm Units, set forth opposite such Underwriters name on Schedule A hereto, bears to the total number of Firm Units (subject
to adjustment by the Representative to eliminate fractions). The Firm Units and the Option Units are hereinafter collectively referred
to as the Units, and the Units, the Public Shares, the Public Share Rights, and the Ordinary Shares issuable upon
conversion of the Public Share Rights are hereinafter referred to collectively as the Public Securities. No Option
Units shall be sold or delivered unless the Firm Units previously have been, or simultaneously are, sold and delivered. The right to purchase
the Option Units, or any portion thereof, may be exercised from time to time and to the extent not previously exercised may be surrendered
and terminated at any time upon notice by the Representative to the Company. The purchase price to be paid by the Underwriters to the
Company for each Option Unit will be $10.00 per Option Unit.

1.2.2. Exercise of Option.
The Over-allotment Option granted pursuant to Section 1.2.1 hereof may be exercised by the Representative as to all (at any time)
or any part (from time to time) of the Option Units within forty-five (45) days after the date of the prospectus which is a part of the
Registration Statement (Effective Date) (as defined in Section 2.1.1 hereof). The Underwriters will not
be under any obligation to purchase any Option Units prior to the exercise of the Over-allotment Option. The Over-allotment Option granted
hereby may be exercised only by written notice to the Company by the Representative, which must be confirmed in accordance with Section
9.1 herein setting forth the number of Option Units to be purchased and the date and time for delivery of and payment for the Option
Units (the Option Closing Date), which will not be later than five (5) full Business Days after the date of the notice
or such other time and in such other manner as shall be agreed upon by the Company and the Representative, at the offices of EGS or at
such other place (including remotely by facsimile or other electronic transmission) as shall be agreed upon by the Company and the Representative.
If such delivery and payment for the Option Units does not occur on the Closing Date, the Option Closing Date will be as set forth in
the notice. Upon exercise of the Over-allotment Option, the Company will become obligated to convey to the Underwriters, and, subject
to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Underwriters will become obligated to purchase, the number of Option Units specified
in such notice.

1.2.3. Payment and Delivery.
Payment for the Option Units shall be made on the Option Closing Date by wire transfer in Federal (same day) funds, payable as follows:
$10.00 per Option Unit shall be deposited in the Trust Account pursuant to the Trust Agreement upon delivery to the Representative of
certificates (in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative) representing the Option Units (or through the facilities of DTC)
for the account of the Representative. The amount to be deposited in the Trust Account will include $0.60 per Option Unit (up to $1,980,000),
payable to the Representative, for its own account, as Deferred Underwriting Commission, in accordance with Section 1.3 hereof.
The certificates representing the Option Units to be delivered will be in such denominations and registered in such names as the Representative
requests in writing not less than two (2) full Business Days prior to the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as the case may be,
and will be made available to the Representative for inspection, checking and packaging at the aforesaid office of the Companys
transfer agent or correspondent not less than one (1) full Business Day prior to such Closing Date. The Company shall not be obligated
to sell or deliver the Option Units except upon tender of payment by the Representative for applicable Option Units.

1.3. Deferred Underwriting
Commission. The Representative agrees that 4.0% of the gross proceeds from the sale of the Firm Units ($8,800,000) and 6.0% of the
gross proceeds from the sale of the Option Units (up to $1,980,000), if any (collectively, the Deferred Underwriting Commission),
will be deposited and held in the Trust Account and payable directly from the Trust Account, without accrued interest, to the Representative
for its own account upon the occurrence of the Business Combination Closing. The Trust Agreement shall provide that the trustee is required
to obtain a joint written instruction signed by both the Company and the Representative with respect to the transfer of the funds held
in the Trust Account, including the payment of the Deferred Underwriting Commission from the Trust Account, prior to commencing any liquidation
of the assets of the Trust Account in connection with the consummation of any Business Combination, and such provision of the Trust Agreement
shall not be permitted to be amended without the prior written consent of the Representative. In the event that the Company is unable
to consummate a Business Combination and CST, as the trustee of the Trust Account (in this context, the Trustee),
commences liquidation of the Trust Account as provided in the Trust Agreement, the Representative, on behalf of itself and the Underwriters,
agrees that: (i) the Underwriters shall forfeit any rights or claims to the Deferred Underwriting Commission, including any accrued interest
thereon; and (ii) the Deferred Underwriting Commission, together with all other amounts on deposit in the Trust Account, shall be distributed
on a pro-rata basis among the Public Shareholders. The Representative shall have the right to agree to any further modifications to the
Deferred Underwriting Commission on behalf of the Underwriters and any decisions relating to such modifications shall be made exclusively
by the Representative on behalf of the Underwriters. For the avoidance of doubt, the obligations of each Underwriter under this Agreement
shall be fully satisfied upon the payment of the purchase price for the Units purchased by such Underwriter on the Closing Date or Option
Closing Date without any further conditions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, each Underwriter may at any time
prior to the Business Combination Closing and in its sole and absolute discretion, by written notice to the Company, elect to forfeit
any right or claim to its Deferred Underwriting Commission, in which case the Company and the Representative agree to instruct the Trustee
not to pay such Underwriter its Deferred Underwriting Commission upon the occurrence of a Business Combination Closing. For the avoidance
of doubt, any such election by an Underwriter shall be without prejudice to any right or claim of any other Underwriter to its respective
portion of the Deferred Underwriting Commission or to any other right such Underwriter may have under this Agreement.

1.4. Private Placements.

1.4.1. Founder Shares.
On June 10, 2024, the Company issued an aggregate of 5,750,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share (the Founder
Shares), for a total subscription price of $25,000 to Soulpower Acquisition Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
(Sponsor). On March 13, 2025, the Sponsor effected a share capitalization of 0.33 shares for each Founder Share outstanding,
resulting in the Initial Shareholders holding an aggregate of 7,666,667 Founder Shares. On April 1, 2025, the Company effected an additional
share capitalization, resulting in the Initial Shareholders holding an aggregate of 8,433,333 Founder Shares. No underwriting discounts,
commissions or placement fees have been or will be payable in connection with the purchase of Founder Shares. Except as described in the
Registration Statement, none of the Founder Shares may be sold, assigned or transferred by the Sponsor or the Companys directors
until the earlier of: (A) one year after the completion of the initial Business Combination or earlier if, subsequent to the initial Business
Combination, the closing price of the Ordinary Shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days
after the initial Business Combination and (B) the date following the completion of the initial Business Combination on which the Company
completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the Companys shareholders having
the right to exchange their Ordinary Shares for cash, securities or other property. The holders of Founder Shares shall have no right
to any liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to their Founder Shares in the event the Company fails to consummate
a Business Combination. The holders of the Founder Shares shall not have redemption rights with respect to the Founder Shares. In the
event that the Over-allotment Option is not exercised in full, the Sponsor will be required to forfeit such number of Founder Shares (up
to 1,100,000 Founder Shares) such that the Founder Shares then outstanding will comprise 25.0% of the issued and outstanding ordinary
shares of the Company (not including any Placement Shares) after giving effect to the Offering and exercise, if any, of the Over-allotment
Option.

1.4.2. Private Placement.
Simultaneously with the Closing Date, (i) the Sponsor will purchase from the Company, pursuant to the Sponsor Purchase Agreement (as defined
in Section 2.21.2 hereof), 400,000 private placement units consisting of one Ordinary Share (the Placement Shares)
and, one Share Right (the Placement Share Rights), which placement units are substantially identical to the Public
Units subject to certain exceptions described in Section 1.4.3 (the Placement Units), and (ii) the Representative
will purchase from the Company, pursuant to the Representative Purchase Agreement (as defined in Section 2.21.3 hereof), an aggregate
of 220,000 Placement Units (the Representative Placement Units), which Placement Units are substantially identical
to the Public Units subject to certain exceptions, as disclosed in the Registration Statement, each at a purchase price of $10.00 per
Placement Unit, in a private placement intended to be exempt from registration under the Act pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Act). The private placement of the Placement Units to the Sponsor and the Underwriters
is referred to herein as the Private Placement. None of the Placement Units (or their component securities) may be
sold, assigned or transferred by the Sponsor or the Representative, other than to their permitted transferees, until thirty (30) days
after consummation of a Business Combination. Certain proceeds from the sale of the Placement Units shall be deposited into the Trust
Account. The Representative acknowledges and agrees that the Placement Units and their component securities acquired by the Representative
pursuant to the Representative Purchase Agreement will be deemed compensation by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA)
and will therefore also be subject to lock-up for a period of 180 days immediately following the commencement of sales of the Offering,
subject to certain limited exceptions, pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1). Accordingly, the Placement Units and their component securities
acquired by the Representative pursuant to the Representative Purchase Agreement may not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated
nor may they be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put, or call transaction that would result in the effective economic
disposition of the securities by any person for 180 days immediately following the commencement of sales of the Offering, except to any
FINRA member participating in the Offering and the officers, partners, registered persons or affiliates thereof, if all securities so
transferred remain subject to the lock-up restriction for the remainder of the time period.

1.4.3. The Placement Units, the
Placement Shares, the Placement Share Rights and the Ordinary Shares issuable upon conversion of the Share Rights are hereinafter referred
to collectively as the Placement Securities. No underwriting discounts, commissions, or placement fees have been
or will be payable in connection with the Placement Securities. The Placement Units are identical to the Public Units except that (i)
the Placement Units (including their component securities) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or
sold by the holders until 30 days after the completion of the Companys initial Business Combination, and (ii) the Placement Units
(including their component securities) are entitled to registration rights. In addition, with respect to Placement Units held by the Underwriters
and/or their designees, such Placement Units will be subject to the additional lock-up and registration rights limitations imposed by
FINRA Rule 5110. The Public Securities, the Placement Securities, and the Founder Shares are hereinafter referred to collectively as the
Securities.

1.5. Working Capital.
Upon consummation of the Offering and the Private Placement, it is intended that approximately $1,050,000 of the proceeds from the Offering
and the Private Placement will be released to the Company and held outside of the Trust Account to fund the working capital requirements
of the Company.

1.6. Interest Income.
Prior to the Companys consummation of a Business Combination or the Companys liquidation, interest earned on the Trust Account
may be released to the Company from the Trust Account in accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement to pay any taxes payable by
the Company and up to $100,000 for liquidation expenses, all as more fully described in the Prospectus (as defined below).

2. Representations and Warranties of the Company.
The Company represents and warrants to the Underwriters as follows:

2.1. Filing of Registration Statement.

2.1.1. Pursuant to the Act.
The Company has filed with the Commission a registration statement and an amendment or amendments thereto, on Form S-1 (File No. 333-284465),
including any related preliminary prospectus (Preliminary Prospectus), including any prospectus that is included
in the Registration Statement immediately prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, for the registration of the Public
Securities under the Act, which registration statement and amendment or amendments have been prepared by the Company in conformity with
the requirements of the Act, and the rules and regulations (the Regulations) of the Commission under the Act. The
conditions for use of Form S-1 to register the Offering under the Act, as set forth in the General Instructions to such Form, have been
satisfied. Except as the context may otherwise require, such registration statement, as amended, on file with the Commission at the time
the registration statement becomes effective (including the prospectus, financial statements, schedules, exhibits and all other documents
filed as a part thereof or incorporated therein and all information deemed to be a part thereof as of such time pursuant to Rule 430A
of the Regulations), is hereinafter called the Registration Statement, and the form of the final prospectus dated
the Effective Date included in the Registration Statement (or, if applicable, the form of final prospectus containing information permitted
to be omitted at the time of effectiveness by Rule 430A of the Regulations, filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant to Rule
424 of the Regulations), is hereinafter called the Prospectus. For purposes of this Agreement, Time of
Sale, as used in the Act, means 5:00 p.m. New York City time, on the date of this Agreement. Prior to the Time of Sale, the
Company prepared a Preliminary Prospectus, which was included in the Registration Statement filed on March 3, 2025, for distribution by
the Underwriters (such Preliminary Prospectus used most recently prior to the Time of Sale, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus).
If the Company has filed, or is required pursuant to the terms hereof to file, a Registration Statement pursuant to Rule 462(b) under
the Act registering additional securities of any type or an amendment to such Registration Statement (a Rule 462(b) Registration
Statement), then, unless otherwise specified, any reference herein to the term Registration Statement shall be
deemed to include such Rule 462(b) Registration Statement. Other than a Rule 462(b) Registration Statement, which, if filed, becomes effective
upon filing, no other document with respect to the Registration Statement has been filed with the Commission. All of the Public Securities
have been registered for public sale under the Act pursuant to the Registration Statement and, if any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement
is filed, will be duly registered for public sale under the Act with the filing of such Rule 462(b) Registration Statement. The Registration
Statement has been declared effective by the Commission on the date hereof. If, subsequent to the date of this Agreement, the Company
or the Representative determines that at the Time of Sale, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus included an untrue statement of a material
fact or omitted a statement of material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they
were made, not misleading, and the Company and the Representative agree to provide an opportunity to purchasers of the Units to terminate
their old purchase contracts and enter into new purchase contracts, then the Sale Preliminary Prospectus will be deemed to include any
additional information available to purchasers at the time of entry into the first such new purchase contract.

2.1.2. Pursuant to the Exchange
Act. The Company has filed with the Commission a Registration Statement on Form 8-A (File Number 001-42582) providing for the registration
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), of the Units, the Public Shares and the
Public Share Rights. The registration of the Units, Public Shares and Public Share Rights under the Exchange Act has been declared effective
by the Commission on the date hereof and the Units, the Public Shares and the Public Share Rights have been registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Exchange Act.

2.1.3. No Stop Orders, Etc.
Neither the Commission nor, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, any federal, state or other regulatory authority
has issued any order or threatened to issue any order preventing or suspending the use of the Registration Statement, any Preliminary
Prospectus, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus or Prospectus or any part thereof, or has instituted or, to the Companys knowledge,
assuming reasonable inquiry, threatened to institute any proceedings with respect to such an order.

2.2. Disclosures in Registration Statement.

2.2.1. 10b-5 Representation.
At the time of effectiveness of the Registration Statement (or at the time of any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement)
and at all times subsequent thereto up to the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary
Prospectus and the Prospectus do and will contain all material statements that are required to be stated therein in accordance with the
Act and the Regulations, and did or will, in all material respects, conform to the requirements of the Act and the Regulations. The Registration
Statement, as of the Effective Date, did not, and the amendments and supplements thereto, as of their respective dates, will not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein, or necessary to make the statements
therein, not misleading. The Prospectus, as of its date and the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, did not,
and the amendments and supplements thereto, as of their respective dates, will not, include any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading. The Sale Preliminary Prospectus, as of the Time of Sale (or such subsequent Time of Sale pursuant to Section
2.1.1), did not include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. When any Preliminary Prospectus or the Sale Preliminary
Prospectus was first filed with the Commission (whether filed as part of the Registration Statement for the registration of the Public
Securities or any amendment thereto or pursuant to Rule 424(a) of the Regulations) and when any amendment thereof or supplement thereto
was first filed with the Commission, such Preliminary Prospectus or the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and any amendments thereof and supplements
thereto complied or will have been corrected in the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus to comply in all material respects
with the applicable provisions of the Act and the Regulations and did not and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of
the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The representation and warranty made in this Section 2.2.1 does not
apply to statements made or statements omitted in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company with
respect to the Underwriters by the Underwriters expressly for use in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus or the
Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto. The parties acknowledge and agree that such information provided by or on behalf
of the Underwriters consists solely of the following: the names of the Underwriters, the information with respect to dealers concessions
and reallowances contained in the section entitled Underwriting, the information with respect to short positions and stabilizing
transactions contained in the section entitled Underwriting and the identity of counsel to the Underwriters contained in
the section entitled Legal Matters (such information, collectively, the Underwriters Information).

2.2.2. Disclosure of Agreements.
The agreements and documents described in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus conform to the
descriptions thereof contained therein in all material respects and there are no agreements or other documents required to be described
in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or to be filed with the Commission as exhibits to the
Registration Statement, that have not been so described or filed. Each agreement or other instrument (however characterized or described)
to which the Company is a party or by which its property or business is or may be bound or affected and (i) that is referred to in the
Registration Statement, Sale Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or attached as an exhibit thereto, or (ii) that is material to the
Companys business, has been duly authorized and validly executed by the Company, is in full force and effect and is enforceable
against the Company and, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, the other parties thereto, in accordance with
its terms, except (x) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors
rights generally, (y) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may be limited under the foreign, federal and
state securities laws, and (z) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject
to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought, and no such agreement
or instrument has been assigned by the Company, and neither the Company nor, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry,
any other party is in breach or default thereunder and, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, no event has occurred
that, with the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute a breach or default thereunder. To the Companys
knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, the performance by the Company of the material provisions of such agreements or instruments will
not result in a violation of any existing applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree of any governmental agency or court,
domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its assets or businesses, including, without limitation, those relating
to environmental laws and regulations.

2.2.3. Prior Securities Transactions.
No securities of the Company have been sold by the Company or by or on behalf of, or for the benefit of, any person or persons controlling,
controlled by, or under common control with the Company since the date of the Companys formation, except as disclosed in the Registration
Statement.

2.2.4. Regulations. The
disclosures in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus concerning the effects of federal, foreign,
state and local regulation on the Companys business as currently contemplated are correct in all material respects and do not omit
to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading.

2.3. Changes After Dates in Registration
Statement.

2.3.1. No Material Adverse
Change. Since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus
and the Prospectus, except as otherwise specifically stated therein, (i) there has been no material adverse change in the condition, financial
or otherwise, or business prospects of the Company, (ii) there have been no material transactions entered into by the Company, other than
as contemplated pursuant to this Agreement, (iii) no member of the Companys board of directors (the Board of Directors)
or management has resigned from any position with the Company and (iv) no event or occurrence has taken place which materially impairs,
or would likely materially impair, with the passage of time, the ability of the members of the Board of Directors or management to act
in their capacities with the Company as described in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus.

2.3.2. Recent Securities Transactions.
Subsequent to the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and
the Prospectus, and except as may otherwise be indicated or contemplated herein or therein, the Company has not (i) issued any securities
or incurred any liability or obligation, direct or contingent, for borrowed money; or (ii) declared or paid any dividend or made any other
distribution on or in respect to its share capital.

2.4. Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm. To the Companys knowledge, WithumSmith+Brown, PC (Withum), whose report is filed
with the Commission as part of, and is included in, the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus, and the Prospectus, is
an independent registered public accounting firm as required by the Act, the Regulations and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(the PCAOB), including the rules and regulations promulgated by such entity. To the Companys knowledge, Withum
is currently registered with the PCAOB. Withum has not, during the periods covered by the financial statements included in the Registration
Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, provided to the Company any non-audit services, as such term is used in
Section 10A(g) of the Exchange Act.

2.5. Financial Statements; Statistical
Data.

2.5.1. Financial Statements.
The financial statements, including the notes thereto and supporting schedules (if any) included in the Registration Statement, the Sale
Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus fairly present the financial position, the results of operations and the cash flows of the Company
at the dates and for the periods to which they apply; such financial statements have been prepared in conformity with United States generally
accepted accounting principles (GAAP), consistently applied throughout the periods involved; and the supporting schedules
included in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus present fairly the information required to
be stated therein in conformity with the Regulations. No other financial statements or supporting schedules are required to be included
or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus. The Registration Statement,
the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus disclose all material off-balance sheet transactions, arrangements, obligations (including
contingent obligations), and other relationships of the Company with unconsolidated entities or other persons that may have a material
current or future effect on the Companys financial condition, changes in financial condition, results of operations, liquidity,
capital expenditures, capital resources, or significant components of revenues or expenses. There are no pro forma or as adjusted financial
statements that are required to be included in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus in accordance
with Regulation S-X or Form S-1 that have not been included as required.

2.5.2. Statistical Data.
The statistical, industry-related and market-related data included in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus, and/or
the Prospectus are based on or derived from sources that the Company reasonably and in good faith believes are reliable and accurate,
and such data materially agree with the sources from which they are derived.

2.6. Authorized Capital; Options.
The Company had at the date or dates indicated in each of the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus, and the Prospectus,
as the case may be, duly authorized, issued and outstanding capitalization as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary
Prospectus, and the Prospectus. Based on the assumptions stated in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus, and the
Prospectus, the Company will have on the Closing Date or on the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, the adjusted share capitalization
set forth therein. Except as set forth in, or contemplated by the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus,
on the Effective Date and on the Closing Date or Option Closing Date, as the case may be, there will be no options, warrants, or other
rights to purchase or otherwise acquire any authorized but unissued Ordinary Shares or any security convertible into Ordinary Shares,
or any contracts or commitments to issue or sell Ordinary Shares or any such options, warrants, rights or convertible securities.

2.7. Valid Issuance of Securities.

2.7.1. Outstanding Securities.
All issued and outstanding securities of the Company issued prior to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement have been duly authorized
and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable; the holders thereof have no rights of rescission with respect thereto, and are
not subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders; and none of such securities was issued in violation of the preemptive
rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the Company. The authorized and outstanding
securities of the Company conform in all material respects to all statements relating thereto contained in the Registration Statement,
the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus. All offers and sales and any transfers of the outstanding securities of the Company
were at all relevant times either registered under the Act and the applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws or, based in part on the
representations and warranties of the purchasers of such securities, exempt from such registration requirements.

2.7.2. Securities Sold Pursuant
to this Agreement. The Public Securities have been duly authorized and reserved for issuance and when issued and paid for in accordance
with this Agreement, will be validly issued, and the Ordinary Shares will be fully paid and non-assessable and the holders thereof are
not and will not be subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders. The Public Securities are not and will not be subject
to the preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the Company; and all corporate
action required to be taken for the authorization, issuance and sale of the Public Securities has been duly and validly taken. The form
of certificates for the Public Securities conform to the corporate law of the jurisdiction of the Companys incorporation and applicable
securities laws. The Public Securities conform in all material respects to the descriptions thereof contained in the Registration Statement,
the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, as the case may be. When paid for and issued, the Public Share Rights included in
the Units will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company to issue and deliver the number and type of securities of the Company
called for thereby in accordance with the terms thereof and such Public Share Rights are enforceable against the Company in accordance
with their respective terms, except: (i) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws
affecting creditors rights generally; (ii) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may be limited under
foreign, federal and state securities laws; and (iii) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable
relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought.
The Ordinary Shares issuable upon conversion of the Public Share Rights have been reserved for issuance upon the exercise of the Public
Share Rights and when issued and delivered in accordance with the terms thereof and the Rights Agreement (as defined in Section 2.23)
such Ordinary Shares will be duly and validly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and the holders thereof are not
and will not be subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders.

2.7.3. Placement Securities.
The Placement Units will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company to issue the number and type of securities of the Company
called for thereby in accordance with the terms thereof, and are, or will be, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their
respective terms, except: (i) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting
creditors rights generally; (ii) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may be limited under foreign,
federal and state securities laws; and (iii) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief
may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought. The Placement
Shares have been duly authorized and when issued and paid for in accordance with this Agreement, will be validly issued, fully paid and
non-assessable, and the holders thereof are not and will not be subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders.

2.7.4. No Integration.
Neither the Company nor any of its affiliates has, prior to the date hereof, made any offer or sale of any securities which are required
to be or may be integrated pursuant to the Act or the Regulations with the Offering.

2.8. Registration Rights of
Third Parties. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, no holders of
any securities of the Company or any rights exercisable for or convertible or exchangeable into securities of the Company have the right
to require the Company to register any such securities of the Company under the Act or to include any such securities in a registration
statement to be filed by the Company.

2.9. Validity and Binding
Effect of Agreements. This Agreement, the Rights Agreement (as defined in Section 2.23), the Trust Agreement, the Sponsor
Purchase Agreement, the Representative Purchase Agreement, the Services Agreement (as defined in Section 2.21.4), the Registration
Rights Agreement (as defined in Section 2.21.5) and the Insider Letter (as defined in Section 2.21.1) (collectively
with this Agreement, the Transaction Documents) have been duly and validly authorized by the Company and, when executed
and delivered, will constitute the valid and binding agreements of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their
respective terms, except: (i) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting
creditors rights generally, (ii) with respect to this Agreement only, as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution
provision may be limited under the foreign, federal and state securities laws and (iii) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive
and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding
therefor may be brought.

2.10. No Conflicts, Etc.
The execution, delivery, and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, the consummation by the Company of the transactions
herein and therein contemplated and the compliance by the Company with the terms hereof and thereof do not and will not, with or without
the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both: (i) result in a breach or violation of, or conflict with any of the terms and provisions
of, or constitute a default under, or result in the creation, modification, termination or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance
upon any property or assets of the Company pursuant to the terms of any agreement, obligation, condition, covenant or instrument to which
the Company is a party or bound or to which its property is subject except pursuant to the Trust Agreement; (ii) result in any violation
of the provisions of the Companys Memorandum and Articles of Association, as may be amended and/or restated from time to time,
of the Company (the Charter Documents); or (iii) violate any existing applicable statute, law, rule, regulation,
judgment, order or decree of any governmental agency or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its
properties, assets or business constituted as of the date hereof.

2.11. No Defaults; Violations.
No default or violation exists in the due performance and observance of any term, covenant or condition of any license, contract, indenture,
mortgage, deed of trust, note, loan or credit agreement, or any other agreement or instrument evidencing an obligation for borrowed money,
or any other agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party or by which the Company may be bound or to which any of the properties
or assets of the Company is subject. The Company is not in violation of any term or provision of its Charter Documents or in violation
of any franchise, license, permit, applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment or decree of any governmental agency or court, domestic
or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its properties or businesses.

2.12. Corporate Power; Licenses; Consents.

2.12.1. Conduct of Business.
The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority, and has all necessary authorizations, approvals, orders, licenses, certificates
and permits of and from all governmental regulatory officials and bodies that it needs as of the date hereof to conduct its business purpose
as described in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus. The disclosures in the Registration Statement,
the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus concerning the effects of foreign, federal, state and local regulation on the Offering
and the Companys business purpose as currently contemplated are correct in all material respects and do not omit to state a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading. Since its formation, the Company has conducted no business and has incurred no liabilities other than
in connection with its formation, in furtherance of the Offering or as otherwise described in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary
Prospectus or the Prospectus, as applicable.

2.12.2. Transactions Contemplated
Herein. The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into the Transaction Documents and to carry out the provisions
and conditions hereof and thereof, and all consents, authorizations, approvals and orders required in connection herewith and therewith
have been obtained. No consent, authorization, or order of, and no filing with, any court, government agency or other body, foreign or
domestic, is required for the valid issuance, sale and delivery, of the Securities and the consummation of the transactions and agreements
contemplated by the Transaction Documents and as contemplated by the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus,
except with respect to applicable foreign, federal and state securities laws, the rules of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE)
and the rules and regulations promulgated by FINRA.

2.12.3. Jurisdiction and Designation.
The Company has the power to submit, and pursuant to Section 9.7 of this Agreement has, to the extent permitted by law, legally,
validly and irrevocably submitted, to the jurisdiction of any New York State or United States Federal court sitting in The City of New
York, Borough of Manhattan.

2.13. D&O Questionnaires.
To the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, all information contained in the questionnaires (the Questionnaires)
completed by each of the Companys officers, directors and shareholders (the Insiders) and provided to the
Representative and its counsel and the biographies of the Insiders and other persons contained in the Registration Statement, Sale Preliminary
Prospectus and the Prospectus (to the extent a biography is contained) is true and correct and the Company has not become aware of any
information which would cause the information disclosed in the Questionnaires completed by each Insider to become inaccurate, incorrect
or incomplete.

2.14. Litigation; Governmental
Proceedings. There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry, arbitration, investigation, litigation or governmental proceeding pending,
or to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, threatened against or involving the Company or, to the Companys
knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, any Insider or any shareholder or member of an Insider that has not been disclosed, that is required
to be disclosed, in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus or the Questionnaires.

2.15. Good Standing. The
Company has been duly incorporated and is validly existing as an exempted company and is in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction
of incorporation. The Company is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation in each jurisdiction in
which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of business requires such qualification, except where the failure to qualify would
not have a material adverse effect on the condition (financial or otherwise), earnings, assets, prospects, business, operations or properties
of the Company, whether or not arising from transactions in the ordinary course of business (a Material Adverse Effect).

2.16. No Contemplation of
a Business Combination. The Company has not selected any specific Business Combination target (each a Target Business)
and it has not, nor has anyone on its behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any Target Business.

2.17. Transactions Requiring Disclosure
to FINRA.

2.17.1. Finders Fees.
Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, there are no claims, payments, arrangements,
agreements or understandings relating to the payment of a brokerage commission or finders, consulting or origination fee by the
Company or any Insider with respect to the sale of the Securities hereunder or any other arrangements, agreements or understandings of
the Company or to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, any Insider that may affect the Underwriters compensation,
as determined by FINRA.

2.17.2. Payments Within 180
Days. The Company has not made any direct or indirect payments (in cash, securities or otherwise) to: (i) any person, as a finders
fee, consulting fee or otherwise, in consideration of such person raising capital for the Company or introducing to the Company persons
who raised or provided capital to the Company; or (ii) to the Companys knowledge, any participating member, as defined
in FINRA Rule 5110, with respect to the Offering (Participating Member) within the 180-day period prior to the initial
filing of the Registration Statement, other than the prior payments to the Representative in connection with the Offering. The Company
has not issued any warrants or other securities, or granted any options, directly or indirectly, to any Participating Member within the
180-day period prior to the initial filing date of the Registration Statement. No person to whom securities of the Company have been privately
issued within the 180-day period prior to the initial filing date of the Registration Statement has any relationship or affiliation or
association with any Participating Member. Except with respect to the Underwriters in connection with the Offering, the Company has not
entered into any agreement or arrangement (including, without limitation, any consulting agreement or any other type of agreement) during
the 180-day period prior to the initial filing date of the Registration Statement with the Commission, which arrangement or agreement
provides for the receipt of underwriting compensation as defined in FINRA Rule 5110 by any Participating Member.

2.17.3. FINRA Affiliation.
Except as disclosed in the FINRA Questionnaires provided to the Representative, to the Companys knowledge, no officer or director
or any direct or indirect beneficial owner (including the Insiders) of 5% or more of any class of the Companys unregistered securities
(whether debt or equity, registered or unregistered, regardless of the time acquired or the source from which derived) has any direct
or indirect affiliation or association with any Participating Member (as determined in accordance with the rules and regulations of FINRA).
The Company will advise the Representative and EGS if it learns that any officer or director or any direct or indirect beneficial owner
(including the Insiders) is or becomes an affiliate or associated person of a Participating Member.

2.17.4. Share Ownership.
Except as disclosed in the FINRA Questionnaires provided to the Representative, to the Companys knowledge, no officer or director
or any direct or indirect beneficial owner (including the Insiders) of 5% or more of any class of the Companys unregistered securities
is an owner of shares or other securities of any Participating Member (other than securities purchased on the open market).

2.17.5. Loans. To the Companys
knowledge, no officer or director or any direct or indirect beneficial owner (including the Insiders) of 5% or more of any class of the
Companys unregistered securities has made a subordinated loan to any Participating Member.

2.17.6. Proceeds of the Offering.
Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, no proceeds from the sale of the
Public Securities (excluding underwriting compensation) or the Placement Units, will be paid to any Participating Member, except as specifically
authorized herein.

2.17.7. Conflicts of Interest.
To the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, no Participating Member has a conflict of interest with the Company. For
this purpose, a conflict of interest exists when a Participating Member and/or its associated persons, parent or
affiliates in the aggregate beneficially own 10% or more of the Companys outstanding common equity or 10% or more of the Companys
preferred equity.

2.18. Taxes.

2.18.1. There are no transfer
taxes or other similar fees or charges under U.S. federal law or the laws of any U.S. state or any political subdivision of the United
States, or under the laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction, required to be paid in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement
or the issuance or sale by the Company of the Public Securities.

2.18.2. The Company has filed
all U.S. federal, state and local, and non-U.S., tax returns required to be filed with taxing authorities prior to the date hereof in
a timely manner or has duly obtained extensions of time for the filing thereof and the Company has paid all taxes shown as due on such
returns that were filed and has paid all taxes imposed on it and any other assessment, fine or penalty levied against it, to the extent
that any of the foregoing is due and payable, in the case of each of the foregoing, except where the failure to file or pay, as applicable,
would not have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has made appropriate provisions in the applicable financial statements referred
to in Section 2.5.1 above in respect of all federal, state, local and foreign income and franchise taxes for all current or prior
periods as to which the tax liability of the Company has not been finally determined.

2.19. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act;
Anti-Money Laundering; Patriot Act.

2.19.1. Foreign Corrupt Practices
Act. Neither the Company nor to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, any of the Insiders or any other person
acting on behalf of the Company, has, directly or indirectly, given or agreed to give any money, gift or similar benefit (other than legal
price concessions to customers in the ordinary course of business) to any customer, supplier, employee or agent of a customer or supplier,
or official or employee of any governmental agency or instrumentality of any government (domestic or foreign) or any political party or
candidate for office (domestic or foreign) or other person who was, is, or may be in a position to help or hinder the business of the
Company (or assist it in connection with any actual or proposed transaction) that (i) might subject the Company to any damage or penalty
in any civil, criminal or governmental litigation or proceeding, (ii) if not given in the past, might have had a Material Adverse Effect,
or (iii) if not continued in the future, might adversely affect the assets, business or operations of the Company. The Company has taken
reasonable steps to ensure that its accounting controls and procedures are sufficient to cause the Company to comply in all material respects
with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

2.19.2. Currency and Foreign
Transactions Reporting Act. The operations of the Company are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with (i) the requirements
of the U.S. Treasury Department Office of Foreign Asset Control and (ii) applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements
of the Currency and Foreign Transaction Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, including the Money Laundering Control Act of 1986, as amended,
the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar money laundering statutes, rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered
or enforced by any Federal governmental agency (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws) and no action, suit or proceeding
by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company with respect to the Money Laundering
Laws is pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened.

2.19.3. Patriot Act. Neither
the Company nor to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, any Insider has violated the Bank Secrecy Act of 1970,
as amended, or Uniting and Strengthening of America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism (USA PATRIOT)
Act of 2001, and/or the rules and regulations promulgated under any such law, or any successor law.

2.20. Officers Certificate.
Any certificate signed by any duly authorized officer of the Company in connection with the Offering and delivered to the Representative
or to EGS shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company to the Underwriters as to the matters covered thereby.

2.21. Agreements With Insiders.

2.21.1. Insider Letter.
Each of the Insiders has executed and delivered a letter agreement, a form of which is annexed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement
(the Insider Letter), pursuant to which each of the Insiders of the Company agree to certain matters.

2.21.2. Sponsor Purchase Agreement.
The Company and the Sponsor have executed and delivered a Private Placement Unit Purchase Agreement, the form of which is annexed as an
exhibit to the Registration Statement (the Sponsor Purchase Agreement), pursuant to which the Sponsor will, among
other things, on the Closing Date, consummate the purchase of and deliver the purchase price for the Placement Units to be sold to the
Sponsor described in Section 1.4.2. Certain proceeds from the sale of the Placement Units will be deposited by the Company in the
Trust Account in accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement on the Closing Date as provided for in the Sponsor Purchase Agreement.

2.21.3. Representative Purchase
Agreement. The Company and the Representative have executed and delivered a Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement, the form of
which is annexed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement (the Representative Purchase Agreement, and together
with the Sponsor Purchase Agreement, the Purchase Agreements), pursuant to which the Representative will, among other
things, on the Closing Date, consummate the purchase of and deliver the purchase price for the Placement Units to be sold to the Representative
described in Section 1.4.2. Certain proceeds from the sale of the Placement Units will be deposited by the Company in the Trust
Account in accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement on the Closing Date as provided for in the Representative Purchase Agreement.

2.21.4. Administrative Services.
The Company and an affiliate of the Sponsor have entered into an agreement (Services Agreement) substantially in
the form annexed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement pursuant to which an affiliate of the Sponsor will make available to the
Company office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support services for $5,000 per month until the Business Combination
Closing and the Company will reimburse an affiliate of the Sponsor for any reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses related to
identifying, investigating and completing a Business Combination.

2.21.5. Registration Rights
Agreement. The Company, the Sponsor, the Representative and the other parties thereto have entered into a Registration Rights Agreement
(Registration Rights Agreement) substantially in the form annexed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement, whereby
such parties will be entitled to certain registration rights with respect to the securities of the Company they hold or may hold, as set
forth in such Registration Rights Agreement and described more fully in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and
the Prospectus.

2.21.6. Loans. The Sponsor
has agreed to make loans to the Company in the aggregate amount of up to $300,000 (the Insider Loans) pursuant to
a promissory note substantially in the form annexed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement. The Insider Loans do not bear any interest
and are repayable by the Company on the earlier of December 31, 2025 and the consummation of the Offering.

2.22. Investment Management
Trust Agreement. The Company has entered into the Trust Agreement with respect to certain proceeds of the Offering and the Private
Placement substantially in the form annexed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement.

2.23. Rights Agreement.
The Company has entered into a rights agreement with CST with respect to the Public Share Rights, the Placement Share Rights and certain
other rights that may be issued by the Company substantially in the form filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement (Rights
Agreement).

2.24. No Existing Non-Competition
Agreements. To the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, no Insider is subject to any non-competition agreement
or non-solicitation agreement with any employer or prior employer which could materially affect their ability to serve as an officer and/or
director of the Company, except as disclosed in the Registration Statement.

2.25. Investments. No
more than 45% of the value (as defined in Section 2(a)(41) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (Investment
Company Act)) of the Companys total assets consist of, and no more than 45% of the Companys net income after
taxes is derived from, securities other than Government Securities (as defined in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company
Act) or money market funds meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act.

2.26. Investment Company Act.
The Company is not required, and upon the issuance and sale of the Securities as herein contemplated and the application of the net proceeds
therefrom as described in the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus will not be required, to register as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act.

2.27. Subsidiaries. The
Company does not own an interest in any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust or other business entity.

2.28. Related Party Transactions.
No relationship, direct or indirect, exists between or among the Company, on the one hand, and any Insider, on the other hand, which is
required by the Act, the Exchange Act or the Regulations to be described in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus
and the Prospectus which is not so described as required. There are no outstanding loans, advances (except normal advances for business
expenses in the ordinary course of business) or guarantees of indebtedness by the Company to or for the benefit of any of the officers
or directors of the Company or any of their respective family members, except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary
Prospectus and the Prospectus. The Company has not extended or maintained credit, arranged for the extension of credit, or renewed an
extension of credit, in the form of a personal loan to or for any director or officer of the Company.

2.29. No Influence. The
Company has not offered, or caused the Underwriters to offer, the Firm Units to any person or entity with the intention of unlawfully
influencing: (a) a customer or supplier of the Company or any affiliate of the Company to alter the customers or suppliers
level or type of business with the Company or such affiliate or (b) a journalist or publication to write or publish favorable information
about the Company or any such affiliate.

2.30. Sarbanes-Oxley.
The Company is or on the Closing Date will be, in material compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended
(Sarbanes-Oxley), and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and related or similar rules or regulations
promulgated by any governmental or self-regulatory entity or agency, that are applicable to it as of the date hereof.

2.31. Distribution of Offering
Material by the Company. The Company has not distributed and will not distribute, prior to the later of the Closing Date and the completion
of the distribution of the Units, any offering material in connection with the offering and sale of the Units other than the Sale Preliminary
Prospectus and the Prospectus, in each case as supplemented and amended.

2.32. NYSE. The Public
Securities have been authorized for listing, subject to official notice of issuance and evidence of satisfactory distribution, on NYSE
and the Company knows of no reason or set of facts that is likely to adversely affect such authorization.

2.33. Board of Directors.
As of the Effective Date, the Board of Directors of the Company will be comprised of the persons set forth as Directors
or Director nominees under the heading of the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus captioned Management.
As of the Effective Date, the qualifications of the persons serving as board members and the overall composition of the board will comply
with Sarbanes-Oxley and the rules promulgated thereunder and the rules of NYSE that are, in each case, applicable to the Company. As of
the Effective Date, the Company will have an Audit Committee that satisfies the applicable requirements under Sarbanes-Oxley and the rules
promulgated thereunder and the rules of NYSE, subject to the permitted phase-in requirements under the rules of NYSE.

2.34. Emerging Growth Company.
From its formation through the date hereof, the Company has been and is an emerging growth company, as defined in Section
2(a) of the Act (an Emerging Growth Company).

2.35 No Disqualification Events.
Neither the Company, nor any of its predecessors or any affiliated issuer, nor any director, executive officer, or other officer of the
Company participating in the Offering, nor any beneficial owner of 20% or more of the Companys outstanding voting equity securities,
calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the Act) connected with the Company
in any capacity at the time of sale (each, a Company Covered Person and, together, Company Covered Persons)
is subject to any of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the Act (a Disqualification
Event), except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3). The Company has exercised reasonable care
to determine whether any Company Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification Event. The Company has complied, to the extent applicable,
with its disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e), and has furnished to the Underwriters a copy of any disclosures provided thereunder.

2.36. Free-Writing Prospectus
and Testing-the-Waters. The Company has not made any offer relating to the Public Securities that would constitute an issuer free
writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433 under the Act, or that would otherwise constitute a free writing prospectus as
defined in Rule 405. The Company: (a) has not engaged in any Testing-the-Waters Communication other than Testing-the-Waters Communications
with the consent of the Representative with entities that are qualified institutional buyers within the meaning of Rule 144A under the
Act or institutions that are accredited investors within the meaning of Rule 501 of Regulation D under the Act and (b) has not authorized
anyone to engage in Testing-the-Waters Communications other than its officers and the Representative and individuals engaged by the Representative.
The Company has not distributed any written Testing-the-Waters Communications other than those listed on Schedule B hereto. Testing-the-Waters
Communication means any oral or written communication with potential investors undertaken in reliance on Section 5(d) of the
Act.

2.37. No Fee Arrangements.
As of the date hereof, the Company has not entered into any agreement, written or oral, pursuant to which the Company will be obligated
to pay any Insider or an affiliate of any Insider a consulting, finder or success fees for assisting the Company in consummating a Business
Combination.

2.38. Underwriter Engagement.
The Company does not have any expectation, understanding or agreement with any Underwriter for such Underwriter to provide any additional
services to the Company after the consummation of the Offering relating to the initial Business Combination, the financing thereof or
other related transactions. Any Underwriters provision of any such additional services in connection with the initial Business
Combination will require the Companys separate engagement of such Underwriter in connection with the initial Business Combination
and the entry into a related written engagement agreement between such Underwriter and the Company setting forth the terms and conditions
of the additional services to be provided by such Underwriter to the Company.

3. Covenants of the Company. The
Company covenants and agrees as follows:

3.1. Amendments to Registration
Statement. The Company will deliver to the Representative, prior to filing, any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement,
any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus proposed to be filed after the Effective Date and the Company shall not file any such amendment
or supplement to which the Representative reasonably objects in writing.

3.2. Federal Securities Laws.

3.2.1. Compliance. During
the time when a Prospectus is required to be delivered under the Act, the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to comply
with all requirements imposed upon it by the Act, the Regulations, and the Exchange Act, and by the regulations under the Exchange Act,
as from time to time in force, so far as necessary to permit the continuance of sales of or dealings in the Securities in accordance with
the provisions hereof and the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus. If at any time when a Prospectus relating to the Securities
is required to be delivered under the Act, any event shall have occurred as a result of which, in the opinion of counsel for the Company
or counsel for the Underwriters, the Prospectus, as then amended or supplemented, includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits
to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading, or if it is necessary at any time to amend or supplement the Prospectus to comply with the
Act, the Company will notify the Representative promptly and prepare and file with the Commission, subject to Section 3.1 hereof,
an appropriate amendment or supplement in accordance with Section 10 of the Act.

3.2.2. Filing of Final Prospectus.
The Company will file the Prospectus (in form and substance satisfactory to the Underwriters) with the Commission pursuant to the requirements
of Rule 424 of the Regulations.

3.2.3. Exchange Act Registration.
The Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the registration of the Public Securities under the provisions of
the Exchange Act (except in connection with a going-private transaction) for a period of five years from the Effective Date, or until
the Company is required to be liquidated or is acquired, if earlier, or, in the case of the Public Share Rights, until the Business Combination
Closing. The Company will not deregister the Public Securities under the Exchange Act (except in connection with a going private transaction
after the completion of a Business Combination) without the prior written consent of the Representative.

3.2.4. Exchange Act Filings.
From the Effective Date until the earlier of the Companys initial Business Combination, or its liquidation and dissolution, the
Company shall use its best efforts to timely file with the Commission via the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval System
(EDGAR) such statements and reports as are required to be filed by a company registered under Section 12(b) of the
Exchange Act.

3.2.5. Sarbanes-Oxley Compliance.
As soon as it is legally required to do so, the Company shall take all actions necessary to obtain and thereafter maintain material compliance
with each applicable provision of Sarbanes-Oxley and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and related or similar rules and
regulations promulgated by any other governmental or self-regulatory entity or agency with jurisdiction over the Company.

3.3. Free-Writing Prospectus.
The Company agrees that it will not make any offer relating to the Public Securities that would constitute an issuer free writing prospectus,
as defined in Rule 433 under the Act, or that would otherwise constitute a free writing prospectus as defined in Rule 405,
without the prior consent of the Underwriters.

3.4. Delivery to Underwriters
of Prospectuses. The Company will deliver to the Underwriters, without charge and from time to time during the period when the Prospectus
is required to be delivered under the Act or the Exchange Act, such number of copies of each of the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus
as the Underwriters may reasonably request and, as soon as the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement thereto becomes effective,
deliver to the Underwriters, upon their request, two manually executed Registration Statements, including exhibits, and all post-effective
amendments thereto and copies of all exhibits filed therewith or incorporated therein by reference and all manually executed consents
of certified experts.

3.5. Effectiveness and Events
Requiring Notice to the Representative. The Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Registration Statement
to remain effective until the completion of the Offering, and during that time will notify the Representative immediately and confirm
the notice in writing: (i) of the effectiveness of the Registration Statement and any amendment thereto; (ii) of the issuance by the Commission
of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto or preventing or
suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or of the initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding for that
purpose; (iii) of the issuance by any foreign or state securities commission of any proceedings for the suspension of the qualification
of the Public Securities for offering or sale in any jurisdiction or of the initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding for that
purpose; (iv) of the mailing and delivery to the Commission for filing of any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or
Prospectus; (v) of the receipt of any comments or request for any additional information from the Commission; and (vi) of the happening
of any event that, during the period described in Section 3.4 hereof, in the reasonable judgment of the Company, makes any statement
of a material fact made in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus untrue or that requires the making of any changes in the Registration
Statement or the Prospectus in order to make the statements therein, and in the light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading. If the Commission or any foreign or state securities commission shall enter a stop order or suspend such qualification
at any time, the Company will make every reasonable effort to obtain promptly the lifting of such order.

3.6. Affiliated Transactions.

3.6.1. Business Combinations.
The Company will not consummate a Business Combination with any entity that is affiliated with any Insider unless (i) the Company, or
a committee of its independent directors, obtains an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity
that commonly renders valuation opinions, stating that the consideration to by paid by the Company in such an initial Business Combination
is fair to the Company from a financial point of view and (ii) a majority of the Companys disinterested and independent directors
(if there are any) approve such transaction.

3.6.2. Compensation to Insiders.
Except as disclosed in the Prospectus, and unless consented to by the Representative, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld,
conditioned or delayed, the Company shall not pay any of the Insiders or any of their affiliates any fees or compensation from the Company,
for services rendered to the Company prior to, or in connection with, the consummation of a Business Combination.

3.7. [Reserved].

3.8. Reports to the Representative.
For a period of five (5) years from the Effective Date or until such earlier time upon which the Company is required to be liquidated
or is no longer required to file reports under the Exchange Act, the Company will furnish to the Representative and its counsel copies
of such financial statements and other periodic and special reports as the Company from time to time furnishes generally to holders of
any class of its securities, and promptly furnish to the Underwriters: (i) a copy of each periodic report the Company shall be required
to file with the Commission, (ii) a copy of every press release and every news item and article with respect to the Company or its affairs
that was released by the Company, (iii) a copy of each current Report on Form 8-K or Schedules 13D, 13G, 14D-1 or 13E-4 received or prepared
by the Company, (iv) two (2) copies of each registration statement filed by the Company with the Commission under the Act, and (v) such
additional documents and information with respect to the Company and the affairs of any future subsidiaries of the Company as the Representative
may from time to time reasonably request; provided the Representative shall sign, if requested by the Company, a Regulation FD compliant
confidentiality agreement which is reasonably acceptable to the Representative and its counsel in connection with the Representatives
receipt of such information. Documents filed or furnished with the Commission pursuant to its EDGAR system shall be deemed to have been
delivered to the Representative pursuant to this Section.

3.9. Transfer Agent. For
a period of five (5) years following the Effective Date or until such earlier time upon which the Company is required to be liquidated,
the Company shall retain a transfer agent and rights agent acceptable to the Representative. CST is acceptable to the Representative.

3.10. Payment of Expenses.
The Company hereby agrees to pay all Company expenses incident to the performance of the obligations of the Company under this Agreement,
including but not limited to (i) the Companys legal and accounting fees and disbursements, (ii) the preparation, printing, filing,
mailing and delivery (including the payment of postage with respect to such mailing) of the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Sale
Prospectus and the Prospectus, including any pre or post effective amendments or supplements thereto, and the printing and mailing of
this Agreement and related documents, including the cost of all copies thereof and any amendments thereof or supplements thereto supplied
to the Underwriters in quantities as may be required by the Underwriters, (iii) fees incurred in connection with conducting background
checks of the Companys management team, up to a maximum of $4,000 per U.S. person and $5,000 per non-U.S. person, (iv) the preparation,
printing, engraving, issuance and delivery of the Units, the Public Shares and the Public Share Rights, including any transfer or other
taxes payable thereon, (v) filing fees incurred in registering the Offering with FINRA and the reasonable and documented fees of counsel
of the Underwriters (such legal fees not to exceed $15,000) in connection therewith, (vi) fees, costs and expenses incurred in listing
the Public Securities on NYSE or such other stock exchanges as the Company and the Underwriters together determine, (vii) preparation
of bound volumes and Lucite cube mementos in such quantities as the Representative may reasonably request; (viii) all fees and disbursements
of the transfer and rights agent, (ix) all of the Companys expenses associated with due diligence and road
show meetings arranged by the Representative and any presentations made available by way of a net roadshow, including without limitation,
trips for the Companys management to meet with prospective investors, all travel, food and lodging expenses associated with such
trips incurred by the Company or such management; and (x) all other costs and expenses customarily borne by an issuer incident to the
performance of its obligations hereunder which are not otherwise specifically provided for in this Section 3.10, provided that
the fees and expenses reimbursed to the Underwriters shall not exceed $75,000 in the aggregate (including legal fees and the expenses
in item (iii) above). If the Offering is consummated, the Representative may deduct from the net proceeds of the Offering payable to the
Company on the Closing Date the expenses set forth above (which shall be mutually agreed upon between the Company and the Representative
prior to the Closing Date) to be paid by the Company to the Representative and others. If the Offering is not consummated for any reason
(other than a breach by the Underwriters of any of their obligations hereunder), then the Company shall reimburse the Representative for
up to an aggregate of $75,000 of its reasonable and documented accountable expenses actually incurred through such date, including, without
limitation, reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees and disbursements of counsel to the Underwriters related to FINRA matters, provided
that such legal fees shall not exceed $15,000. In addition, in the event that the Company requests that any of the Underwriters undertake
any financial or capital markets advisory activities or services (the Business Combination Services), the Company
hereby agrees to pay at the closing of the Business Combination, all reasonable and documented out of pocket expenses (including, for
the avoidance of doubt, background checks and legal expenses of external counsel) incurred by such Underwriter in connection therewith
and with supporting such Underwriters Due Diligence Defense (as defined below); provided further, however, that the aggregate amount
of such expenses (including legal expenses) reimbursable by the Company shall not exceed $400,000 if the Business Combination is consummated,
and $250,000 if the Business Combination is not consummated, without the Companys prior written consent (such consent not to be
unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). The Underwriter will notify the Company when it proposes to engage legal counsel to assist
in supporting its Due Diligence Defense; however, for the avoidance of doubt, failure to timely notify the Company of such engagement
shall not negate the Companys expense reimbursement obligations set forth herein.

3.11. Application of Net Proceeds.
The Company will apply the net proceeds from the Offering and Private Placement received by it in a manner consistent in all material
respects with the application described under the caption Use of Proceeds in the Prospectus.

3.12. Delivery of Earnings
Statements to Security Holders. The Company will make generally available to its security holders as soon as practicable an earnings
statement (which need not be certified by an independent registered public accounting firm unless required by the Act or the Regulations,
but which shall satisfy the provisions of Rule 158(a) under Section 11(a) of the Act) covering a period of at least twelve consecutive
months beginning after the Effective Date.

3.13. Notice to FINRA.

3.13.1. Notice to the Representative.
For a period of sixty (60) days after the date of the Prospectus, in the event any person or entity (regardless of any FINRA affiliation
or association) is engaged, in writing, to assist the Company in its search for a Target Business or to provide any other services in
connection therewith, the Company will provide the following to the Representative prior to the consummation of the Business Combination:
(i) complete details of all services and copies of agreements governing such services; and (ii) justification as to why the person or
entity providing the merger and acquisition services should not be considered a Participating Member with respect to the Offering, as
such term is defined in FINRA Rule 5110. The Company also agrees that, if required by law, proper disclosure of such arrangement or potential
arrangement will be made in the tender offer documents or proxy statement which the Company will file with the Commission in connection
with the Business Combination.

3.13.2. FINRA. The Company
shall advise the Representative if it is aware that any 10% or greater shareholder of the Company becomes an affiliate or associated person
of a Participating Member.

3.13.3. Broker/Dealer.
In the event the Company intends to register as a broker/dealer, merge with or acquire a registered broker/dealer, or otherwise become
a member of FINRA, it shall promptly notify FINRA.

3.14. Stabilization. The
Company shall not take, and shall direct its employees, directors or shareholders not to take, directly or indirectly, any action without
the consent of the Representative that is designed to or that has constituted or that might reasonably be expected to cause or result
in, under the Exchange Act, or otherwise, stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the
sale or resale of the Units.

3.15. Existing Lock-Up Agreement.
The Company will use its best efforts to enforce all existing agreements between the Company and any of its security holders that prohibit
the sale, transfer, assignment, pledge or hypothecation of any of the Securities in connection with the Offering. In addition, the Company
will direct the Companys transfer agent to place stop transfer restrictions upon any such Securities of the Company that are bound
by such existing lock-up agreements for the duration of the periods contemplated in such agreements.

3.16. Payment of Deferred
Underwriting Commission on Business Combination. Upon the occurrence of the Business Combination Closing, the Company agrees that
it will cause the Trustee to pay the Deferred Underwriting Commission directly from the Trust Account to the Representative for its own
account, in accordance with Section 1.3; provided that the Representative has complied with the provision set forth in Section
3.28. The Underwriters shall have no claim to payment of any interest earned on the portion of the proceeds held in the Trust Account
representing the Deferred Underwriting Commission.

3.17. Internal Controls.
To the extent required by the Exchange Act, the Company will maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable
assurances that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, (ii) transactions
are recorded as necessary in order to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP and to maintain accountability
for assets, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, and (iv)
the recorded accountability for assets is compared with existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect
to any differences.

3.18. Accounting Firm.
Until the earlier of the consummation of the Companys initial Business Combination or until such earlier time upon which the Company
is required to be liquidated, the Company shall retain Withum or another independent registered public accounting firm reasonably acceptable
to the Representative.

3.19. Form 8-K. The Company
shall, on or prior to the date hereof, retain its independent registered public accounting firm to audit the balance sheet of the Company
as of the Closing Date (Audited Financial Statements) reflecting the receipt by the Company of the proceeds of the
Offering and the Private Placement. Within four (4) Business Days after the Closing Date, the Company shall file a Current Report on Form
8-K with the Commission, which Report shall contain the Companys Audited Financial Statements. Promptly after the Option Closing
Date, if the Over-allotment Option is exercised after the Closing Date, the Company shall file with the Commission a Current Report on
Form 8-K or an amendment to the Form 8-K to provide updated financial information to reflect the exercise of such option.

3.20. Corporate Proceedings.
All corporate proceedings and other legal matters necessary to carry out the provisions of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby shall have been effected, except where failure to do so would not individually or in the aggregate have a Material Adverse Effect.

3.21. Investment Company.
The Company shall cause the proceeds of the Offering to be held in the Trust Account to be invested only as provided for in the Trust
Agreement and disclosed in the Prospectus. The Company will conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become subject to the
Investment Company Act. Furthermore, once the Company consummates a Business Combination, it shall be engaged in a business other than
that of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading securities.

3.22. Amendments to Charter
Documents. The Company covenants and agrees, that prior to its initial Business Combination it will not seek to amend or modify its
Charter Documents, except in accordance with the procedures set forth therein.

3.23. Press Releases.
The Company agrees that it will not issue press releases or engage in any other publicity, without the Representatives prior written
consent (not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned), for a period of twenty-five (25) days after the Closing Date. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, in no event shall the Company be prohibited from issuing any press releases or engaging in any other publicity required
by law, except that including the name of any Underwriter therein shall require the prior written consent of such Underwriter (not to
be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned).

3.24. Insurance. Until
the earlier of the consummation of the Companys initial Business Combination or until such time upon which the Company is liquidated,
the Company will maintain directors and officers insurance (including, without limitation, insurance covering the Company,
its directors and officers for liabilities or losses arising in connection with the Offering, including, without limitation, liabilities
or losses arising under the Act, the Exchange Act, the Regulations and any applicable foreign securities laws).

3.25. Electronic Prospectus.
The Company shall cause to be prepared and delivered to the Underwriters, at the Companys expense, promptly, but in no event later
than two (2) Business Days from the effective date of this Agreement, an Electronic Prospectus to be used by the Underwriters in connection
with the Offering. As used herein, the term Electronic Prospectus means a form of prospectus, and any amendment or
supplement thereto, that meets each of the following conditions: (i) it shall be encoded in an electronic format, satisfactory to the
Representative, that may be transmitted electronically by the Underwriters to offerees and purchasers of the Units for at least the period
during which a prospectus relating to the Units is required to be delivered under the Act; (ii) it shall disclose the same information
as the paper prospectus and prospectus filed pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent that graphic and image material cannot be disseminated
electronically, in which case such graphic and image material shall be replaced in the electronic prospectus with a fair and accurate
narrative description or tabular representation of such material, as appropriate; and (iii) it shall be in or convertible into a paper
format or an electronic format, satisfactory to the Representative, that will allow recipients thereof to store and have continuously
ready access to the prospectus at any future time, without charge to such recipients (other than any fee charged for subscription to the
Internet as a whole and for on-line time).

3.26. Private Placement Proceeds.
On or prior to the Effective Date, the Sponsor shall have deposited the funds required to purchase the Placement Units under the Sponsor
PurchaseAgreement in the Sponsors bank account. On or prior to the Closing Date and following receipt of the funds required to
purchase the Placement Units pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement, the Company shall cause the applicable proceeds from the
Private Placement to be deposited in the Trust Account pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreements.

3.27. Future Financings.
The Company agrees that neither it, nor any successor or subsidiary of the Company, will consummate any public or private equity or debt
financing prior to the Business Combination Closing, unless all investors in such financing expressly waive, in writing, any rights in
or claims against the Trust Account.

3.28. Amendments to Certain
Agreements. The Company shall not amend, modify or otherwise change Section 7 of the Insider Letter (with respect to lock-ups) without
the prior written consent of the Representative, which such consent shall not be unreasonably delayed, conditioned or withheld by the
Representative. The Company shall not amend, modify or otherwise change Section 1(i) of the Trust Agreement (with respect to disbursement
from the Trust Account upon the Business Combination Closing) without the prior written consent of the Representative.

3.29. Maintenance of Listing
on NYSE. Until the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the
listing of the Public Securities on NYSE or a national securities exchange acceptable to the Representative.

3.30. Reservation of Shares.
The Company will reserve and keep available the maximum number of its authorized but unissued securities which are issuable upon conversion
of the Share Rights outstanding from time to time.

3.31. Notice of Disqualification
Events. The Company will notify the Underwriters in writing, prior to the Closing Date, of (i) any Disqualification Event relating
to any Company Covered Person and (ii) any event that would, with the passage of time, become a Disqualification Event relating to any
Company Covered Person.

3.32. Disqualification of
S-1. Until the earlier of seven (7) years from the date hereof or until the Business Combination Closing, the Company will not take
any action or actions that prevent or disqualify the Companys use of Form S-1 (or other appropriate form) for the registration
of the Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Share Rights under the Act.

3.33 Business Combination
Securities Disclosure Documents. If any Underwriter determines, in its sole judgment, that it may be an underwriter of any securities
issued pursuant to any registration statement or tender offer document filed with the Commission in connection with the consummation of
the Business Combination by the Company, a Target Business or any direct or indirect parent or subsidiary of any of them (any such issuer
or co-issuer, a Registrant, and any such securities, the Business Combination Securities), the
Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to provide or cause to be provided to such Underwriter all information and access to all
persons, properties and documents reasonably necessary for the Underwriters to complete a due diligence investigation sufficient (in the
view of the Underwriters in their sole discretion) to provide the Underwriters with a reasonable due diligence defense in
respect of any claims that could be brought against an underwriter of the applicable Business Combination Securities under federal and
state securities laws, rules and regulations, including, without limitation, Section 11 of the Act (a Due Diligence Defense).
As used herein, the term reasonable due diligence means a reasonable investigation that provides the investigating person
a reasonable ground to believe that at the time of the applicable offer, issuance or distribution of any Business Combination Securities,
no registration statement, preliminary or final prospectus, proxy statement, tender offer document or offering memorandum, including,
without limitation, any document incorporated by reference into any of the foregoing, or any amendment or supplement to any of the foregoing,
or any other marketing document used by any Registrant (as defined below), filed with or furnished by the Company to the Commission in
connection with the Business Combination but excluding any filing under Rule 425 of the Act or Rule 14a-12 of the Exchange Act (each,
a Business Combination Securities Disclosure Document), in each case relating to such offer, issuance or distribution,
contained an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make
the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company agrees that it will
use its reasonable best efforts to provide to the Representative notice of each filing under Rule 425 of the Act or Rule 14a-12 of the
Exchange Act and each other form of public communication about the Business Combination made by the Company (or, if such filing or other
public communication is to be made by a Registrant other than the Company, any filing or other public communication which is required
to be approved by the Company) reasonably in advance of such filing or public communication. The Company further covenants that it will
use its best efforts to confirm that any projections provided to the Representative by any Registrant or prepared by any Registrant or
any Registrant Representative (as defined below) of any Registrant and contained in any Business Combination Securities Disclosure Document
will be based upon assumptions which, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, were reasonable at the time they were
prepared.

3.34 Obligations in Connection
with Business Combination. If any Underwriter determines, in its sole judgment, that it may be an underwriter of any Business Combination
Securities, then, if requested in writing by the Representative, the following shall apply:

3.34.1. Prior to entering into
any definitive agreement with respect to the Business Combination (or amendment thereto) and until such time as such Business Combination
is consummated.

(a) The Company agrees to notify the Representative with respect
to, and to permit the Representative, to participate in any due diligence sessions with any Registrant or any Registrant Representative;
and

(b) The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to provide
drafts of all Business Combination Securities Disclosure Documents to the Representative and its legal counsel reasonably in advance
of the filing by the Company of such Business Combination Securities Disclosure Document with the Commission or the circulation by any
Registrant of any Business Combination Securities Disclosure Document to any prospective investor (or, if such filing or circulation
is to be made by a Registrant other than the Company, any filing or circulation which is required to be approved by the Company), sufficient
to allow the Representative and the Underwriters legal counsel an opportunity to comment on such Business Combination Securities
Disclosure Document before its filing or circulation. The Company shall not permit the filing with or furnishing by the Company to the
Commission of any Business Combination Securities Disclosure Document which names any of the Underwriters, their employees or their affiliates,
or the issuance by the Company of any press release or the publication by the Company of any other communication in any form if (i) such
communication relates to the Business Combination, and (ii) names any of the Underwriters, their employees or their affiliates, without
the prior written consent of the Representative, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld, delayed or conditioned.

3.34.2. Notwithstanding any provision
to the contrary herein, the Company agrees (i) that the Underwriters shall have the right, in connection with their reasonable due diligence
under Section 3.33, to retain counsel and other consultants and experts as they may deem necessary or desirable (it being understood
that the retention of any such consultant or expert or other advisor, other than outside legal counsel, will be made with the prior written
approval of the Company, which approval will not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed); (ii) to use its reasonable best efforts
to ensure that each counsel to the Company and to any other Registrant provides customary negative assurance letters to the Underwriters
as of (x) the date of effectiveness of the Business Combination Securities Disclosure Document, and (y) the date of the shareholder vote
to approve the Business Combination, each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representative, and (iii) to use its reasonable
best efforts to ensure that each accounting firm or firms that were retained by the Company or by any other Registrant and that have audited
any financial statements set forth in any Business Combination Securities Disclosure Document provide customary comfort letters
to the Underwriters pursuant to AU 634 of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board as of (A) the date of effectiveness of the Business
Combination Securities Disclosure Document, and (B) the date of the shareholder vote to approve the Business Combination; and (iv) to
take and shall use its reasonable best efforts to take any other actions reasonably requested by the Representative.

3.34.3. [Reserved].

3.34.4. Prior to the consummation
of the Business Combination, the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to include in the definitive agreement for the Business
Combination a covenant for the assignment and assumption, by the public entity resulting from the initial Business Combination, of all
of the Companys obligations hereunder that survive the Business Combination Closing and (ii) that the Underwriters may rely on
the representations and warranties contained therein as if they were a party thereto. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts
to ensure that each Target Business or other Registrant agrees to deliver to the Underwriters a certificate of an officer of such Target
Business stating that to such officers knowledge, the representations and warranties made by the Target Business in the definitive
agreement for the Business Combination are true and correct as of the date of such certificate, subject to (i) a customary materiality
standard, (ii) any applicable carve-out with reference to disclosure included in the Business Combination Securities Disclosure Document
and (iii) required adjustments for such representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date. In addition, in connection with
the Business Combination, the Company will, and will use its reasonable best efforts to cause each Registrant to, comply in all material
respects with the obligations and covenants of the Company which relate to the period following the Business Combination Closing set forth
in Sections 3 and 5 of this Agreement.

3.34.5. Nothing herein shall be
deemed to require the Underwriters to limit their rights to compensation or to reimbursement of expenses without their express agreement
or otherwise to assume any liability other than as may be expressly required under the Act.

3.34.6. The Company acknowledges
and agrees that nothing in this Section 3.34 shall be interpreted to obligate the Underwriters to take any action, or to refrain
from taking any action, in connection with the Business Combination and any such actions will be undertaken by each Underwriter, in respect
of itself, in its sole discretion.

4. Conditions of Underwriters Obligations.
The obligations of the Underwriters to purchase and pay for the Units, as provided herein, shall be subject to the continuing accuracy
of the representations and warranties of the Company as of the date hereof and as of each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date,
if any, to the accuracy of the statements of officers of the Company made pursuant to the provisions hereof and to the performance by
the Company of its obligations hereunder and to the following conditions:

4.1. Regulatory Matters.

4.1.1. Effectiveness of Registration
Statement. The Registration Statement shall have become effective not later than 4:00 p.m., New York time, on the date of this Agreement
or such later date and time as shall be consented to in writing by the Representative, and, at each of the Closing Date and each Option
Closing Date, no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall have been issued and no proceedings for the
purpose shall have been instituted or shall be pending or contemplated by the Commission and any request on the part of the Commission
for additional information shall have been complied with to the reasonable satisfaction of EGS.

4.1.2. FINRA Clearance.
By the Effective Date, the Underwriters shall have received clearance from FINRA as to the terms and arrangement and amount of compensation
allowable or payable to the Underwriters as described in the Registration Statement.

4.1.3.No Blue Sky Stop Orders.
No order suspending the sale of the Units in any jurisdiction shall have been issued on each of the Closing Date or each Option Closing
Date, and no proceedings for that purpose shall have been instituted or, to the Companys knowledge, shall be contemplated.

4.1.4. No Commission Stop Order.
At the Closing Date and each Option Closing Date, the Commission has not issued any order or threatened to issue any order preventing
or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus or any part thereof, and has not instituted or, to the Companys
knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, threatened to institute any proceedings with respect to such an order.

4.1.5. Approval of Listing
on NYSE. The Public Securities shall have been approved for listing on NYSE, subject to official notice of issuance and evidence of
satisfactory distribution, satisfactory evidence of which shall have been provided to the Representative.

4.2. Company Counsel Matters.

4.2.1. Closing Date and Option
Closing Date Opinions of Counsels. On the Closing Date and each Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative shall have received
the favorable opinions and negative assurance statements of each of Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP and Carey Olsen Cayman Limited,
dated the Closing Date or each Option Closing Date, as the case may be, addressed to the Representative as representative for the several
Underwriters and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representative and EGS. On the Closing Date and each Option Closing
Date, the Representative shall have received the favorable opinion and negative assurance statement of EGS, dated the Closing Date, or
each Option Closing Date, as the case may be, addressed to the Representative as representative for the several Underwriters in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representative.

4.2.2. Reliance. In rendering
such opinions, such counsels may rely as to matters of fact, to the extent they deem proper, on certificates or other written statements
of officers of the Company and officers of departments of various jurisdictions having custody of documents respecting the corporate existence
or good standing of the Company, provided that copies of any such statements or certificates shall be delivered to the Representatives
counsel if requested.

4.3. Comfort Letter. At
the time this Agreement is executed, and at the Closing Date and Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative shall have received a
letter, addressed to the Representative as representative for the several Underwriters and in form and substance satisfactory in all respects
(including the non-material nature of the changes or decreases, if any, referred to in Section 4.3.3 below) to the Representative,
from Withum dated, respectively, as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date and Option Closing Date, if any.

4.3.1. Confirming that they are
an independent registered public accounting firm with respect to the Company within the meaning of the Act and the applicable Regulations
and that they have not, during the periods covered by the financial statements included in the Registration Statement, Preliminary Prospectus,
Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, provided to the Company any non-audit services, as such term is used in Section 10A(g)
of the Exchange Act;

4.3.2. Stating that in their opinion
the financial statements of the Company included in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus comply
as to form in all material respects with the applicable accounting requirements of the Act and the published Regulations thereunder;

4.3.3. Stating that, on the basis
of their review, which included a reading of the latest available unaudited interim financial statements of the Company (with an indication
of the date of the latest available unaudited interim financial statements), a reading of the latest available minutes of the shareholders
and Board of Directors and the various committees of the Board of Directors, consultations with officers and other employees of the Company
responsible for financial and accounting matters and other specified procedures and inquiries, nothing has come to their attention that
would lead them to believe that (a) the unaudited financial statements of the Company included in the Registration Statement, the Sale
Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus do not comply as to form in all material respects with the applicable accounting requirements
of the Act and the Regulations or are not fairly presented in conformity with GAAP applied on a basis substantially consistent with that
of the audited financial statements of the Company included in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus,
or (b) at a date not later than five (5) days prior to the Effective Date, Closing Date or Option Closing Date, as the case may be, there
was any change in the share capital or long-term debt of the Company, or any decrease in the shareholders equity of the Company
as compared with amounts shown in the December 31, 2024 balance sheet included in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus
and the Prospectus, other than as set forth in or contemplated by the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the
Prospectus or, if there was any decrease, setting forth the amount of such decrease, and (c) during the period from December 31, 2024
to a specified date not later than five (5) days prior to the Effective Date, Closing Date or any Option Closing Date, as the case may
be, there was any decrease in revenues, net earnings or net earnings per Ordinary Share, in each case as compared with the corresponding
period in the preceding year and as compared with the corresponding period in the preceding quarter, other than as set forth in or contemplated
by the Registration Statement the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, or, if there was any such decrease, setting forth the
amount of such decrease;

4.3.4. Setting forth, at a date
not later than five (5) days prior to the Effective Date, the amount of liabilities of the Company (including a break-down of commercial
papers and notes payable to banks);

4.3.5. Stating that they have
compared specific dollar amounts, numbers of shares, percentages of revenues and earnings, statements and other financial information
pertaining to the Company set forth in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus in each case to
the extent that such amounts, numbers, percentages, statements and information may be derived from the general accounting records, including
work sheets, of the Company and excluding any questions requiring an interpretation by legal counsel, with the results obtained from the
application of specified readings, inquiries and other appropriate procedures (which procedures do not constitute an examination in accordance
with generally accepted auditing standards) set forth in the letter and found them to be in agreement;

4.3.6. Stating that they have
not, since the Companys incorporation, brought to the attention of the Companys management any reportable condition related
to internal structure, design or operation as defined in the Statement on Auditing Standards No. 60 Communication of Internal Control
Structure Related Matters Noted in an Audit, in the Companys internal controls; and

4.3.7. Statements as to such other
matters incident to the transaction contemplated hereby as the Representative or EGS may reasonably request, including: (i) that Withum
is registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board; (ii) that Withum has sufficient assets and insurance to pay for any
liability incurred by it relating to providing the letter; and (iii) that Withum is not insolvent.

4.4. Officers Certificates.

4.4.1. Officers Certificate.
At each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative shall have received a certificate of the Company signed
by the Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, or any similar or equivalent officer
of the Company (in their capacities as such), dated the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, respectively, to
the effect that the Company has performed all covenants and complied with all conditions required by this Agreement to be performed or
complied with by the Company prior to and as of the Closing Date, or the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, and that the conditions
set forth in Section 4 hereof have been satisfied as of such date and that, as of Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, as
the case may be, the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in Section 2 hereof are true and correct. In addition,
the Representative will have received such other and further certificates of officers of the Company (in their capacities as such) as
the Representative may reasonably request.

4.4.2. Secretarys Certificate.
At each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative shall have received a certificate of the Company signed
by a director or an officer of the Company, dated the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, respectively, certifying
(i) that the Charter Documents are true and complete, have not been modified and are in full force and effect, (ii) that the resolutions
of the Companys Board of Directors relating to the public offering contemplated by this Agreement are in full force and effect
and have not been modified, (iii) as to the accuracy and completeness of all correspondence between the Company or its counsel and the
Commission, (iv) as to the accuracy and completeness of all correspondence between the Company or its counsel and NYSE; and (v) as to
the incumbency of the officers of the Company. The documents referred to in such certificate shall be attached to such certificate.

4.5. No Material Changes.
Prior to and on each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, (i) there shall have been no material adverse change or
development involving a material adverse change in the condition or prospects or the business activities, financial or otherwise, of the
Company from the latest dates as of which such condition is set forth in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, (ii) no action
suit or proceeding, at law or in equity, shall have been pending or threatened against the Company or any Insider before or by any court
or federal, foreign or state commission, board or other administrative agency wherein an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding may materially
adversely affect the business, operations, or financial condition or income of the Company, except as set forth in the Registration Statement
and the Prospectus, (iii) no stop order shall have been issued under the Act and no proceedings therefor shall have been initiated or,
to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, threatened by the Commission, and (iv) the Registration Statement, the
Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto shall contain all material statements which are
required to be stated therein in accordance with the Act and the Regulations and shall conform in all material respects to the requirements
of the Act and the Regulations, and neither the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus nor the Prospectus nor any amendment
or supplement thereto shall contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

4.6. Delivery of Agreements.
On the Effective Date, the Company shall have delivered to the Representative executed copies of the Transaction Documents and all of
the Insider Letters.

4.7. Private Placements.
On the Closing Date, the Private Placement shall have been completed in accordance with Sections 1.4, 2.21.2, 2.21.3
and 3.26 of this Agreement.

4.8. Good Standing. The
Representative shall have received on and as of (i) the Effective Date, and (ii) the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as the case
may be, satisfactory evidence of the good standing of the Company in its jurisdiction of organization in writing or any standard form
of telecommunication from the appropriate governmental authorities of such jurisdiction.

4.9. Trust Waiver. The
Company has received waivers from all vendors and service providers to all claims on amounts in the Trust Account which are to be distributed
to the Companys shareholders in accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement, except for (i) Withum and (ii) the Representative
with respect to the Deferred Underwriting Commission.

5. Indemnification and Contribution.

5.1. Indemnification.

5.1.1. Indemnification of the
Underwriters. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter, its affiliates and their respective partners, members,
directors, officers, employees and agents, and each person, if any, who controls each Underwriter or any affiliate within the meaning
of Section 15 of the Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act (each, an Indemnified Person) as follows:

(a) against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and reasonably
incurred and documented out of pocket expense whatsoever, as reasonably incurred, joint or several, arising out of or based upon any
untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto), or
the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein
not misleading, or arising out of any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact included in any preliminary prospectus,
Sale Preliminary Prospectus, any Testing-the-Waters Communication or the Prospectus or, in the event that any Underwriter determines,
in its sole judgment, that it may be an underwriter of any Business Combination Securities, any Business Combination Securities Disclosure
Document (or any amendment or supplement to the foregoing), or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact necessary
in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading;

(b) against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and reasonably
incurred documented out of pocket expense whatsoever, as reasonably incurred, joint or several, to the extent of the aggregate amount
paid in settlement of any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental authority, commenced or threatened, or of
any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue statement or omission, or any such alleged untrue statement or omission; provided that
(subject to Section 5.1.4) any such settlement is effected with the written consent of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably
be delayed, conditioned or withheld;

(c) against any and all claims, actions, suits, proceedings, damages,
liabilities and expenses, as reasonably incurred by any of them (including the fees and expenses of counsel), as incurred, that are related
to or arise out of any business combination marketing or capital markets advisory activities by any Underwriter on the Companys
behalf in connection with a Business Combination, provided that the Company will not, however, be responsible to an Indemnified Person
for any portion of any such claim, action, suit, proceeding, damage, liability or expense that is finally judicially determined by a
court of competent jurisdiction (not subject to further appeal) to have resulted primarily and directly from the bad faith, gross negligence
or willful misconduct of the Indemnified Person seeking such indemnification;

(d) against any and all expense whatsoever (including the reasonably
incurred and documented fees and disbursements of counsel), as reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any
litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental authority, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever based
upon any such untrue statement or omission, or any such alleged untrue statement or omission (whether or not a party), to the extent
that any such expense is not paid under (a), (b) or (c) above; and

(e) against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense
whatsoever, as reasonably incurred, joint or several, arising out of the Companys failure to provide any of the information and
access to persons, properties and documents required to be provided under Section 3.33 hereof;

provided, however, that the foregoing agreement shall
not apply to any loss, liability, claim, damage or expense to the extent arising out of any untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue
statement or omission made solely in reliance upon and in conformity with the Underwriters Information (and, in connection with
any Business Combination, similar information provided by or on behalf of the Underwriters or any other Business Combination advisor expressly
for use in any Business Combination Securities Disclosure Document).

5.1.2. Indemnification of the
Company, its Directors and Officers. Each Underwriter agrees, severally and not jointly, to indemnify and hold harmless the Company,
and its directors, each officer of the Company who signed the Registration Statement and each person, if any, who controls the Company
within the meaning of Section 15 of the Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and
reasonably incurred and documented expense described in the indemnity contained in Section 5.1.1, as incurred, but only with respect
to untrue statements or omissions, or alleged untrue statements or omissions, made in the Registration Statement, any preliminary prospectus,
the Sale Preliminary Prospectus, any Testing-the-Waters Communication or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement to the foregoing),
in reliance upon and in conformity with the Underwriters Information.

5.1.3. Notifications and Other
Indemnification Procedures. Any party that proposes to assert the right to be indemnified under this Section 5.1 will, promptly
after receipt of notice of commencement of any action against such party in respect of which a claim is to be made against an indemnifying
party or parties under this Section 5.1, notify each such indemnifying party of the commencement of such action, enclosing a copy
of all papers served, but the omission so to notify such indemnifying party will not relieve the indemnifying party from (i) any liability
that it might have to any indemnified party otherwise than under this Section 5.1 and (ii) any liability that it may have to any
indemnified party under the foregoing provision of this Section 5.1 unless, and only to the extent that, such omission results
in the forfeiture of substantive rights or defenses by the indemnifying party. If any such action is brought against any indemnified party
and it notifies the indemnifying party of its commencement, the indemnifying party will be entitled to participate in and, to the extent
that it elects by delivering written notice to the indemnified party promptly after receiving notice of the commencement of the action
from the indemnified party, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly notified, to assume the defense of, the action, with counsel
reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party, and after notice from the indemnifying party to the indemnified party of its election
to assume the defense, the indemnifying party will not be liable to the indemnified party for any other legal expenses except as provided
below and except for the reasonable costs of investigation subsequently incurred by the indemnified party in connection with the defense.
The indemnified party will have the right to employ its own counsel in any such action, but the fees, expenses and other charges of such
counsel will be at the expense of such indemnified party unless (A) the employment of counsel by the indemnified party has been authorized
in writing by the indemnifying party, (B) the indemnified party has reasonably concluded (based on advice of counsel) that there may be
legal defenses available to it or other indemnified parties that are different from or in addition to those available to the indemnifying
party, (C) a conflict or potential conflict exists (based on advice of counsel to the indemnified party) between the indemnified party
and the indemnifying party (in which case the indemnifying party will not have the right to direct the defense of such action on behalf
of the indemnified party) or (D) the indemnifying party has not in fact employed counsel to assume the defense of such action or counsel
reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party, in each case, within a reasonable time after receiving notice of the commencement of
the action; in each of which cases the reasonable and documented fees, disbursements and other charges of counsel will be at the expense
of the indemnifying party or parties. It is understood that the indemnifying party or parties shall not, in connection with any proceeding
or related proceedings in the same jurisdiction, be liable for the reasonable and documented fees, disbursements and other charges of
more than one separate firm admitted to practice in such jurisdiction (plus local counsel) at any one time for all such indemnified party
or parties. All such fees, disbursements and other charges will be reimbursed by the indemnifying party promptly as they are incurred.
An indemnifying party will not, in any event, be liable for any settlement of any action or claim effected without its written consent.
No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of each indemnified party, settle or compromise or consent to the entry
of any judgment in any pending or threatened claim, action or proceeding relating to the matters contemplated by this Section 5
(whether or not any indemnified party is a party thereto), unless such settlement, compromise or consent (x) includes an express and unconditional
release of each indemnified party, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to such indemnified party, from all liability arising
out of such litigation, investigation, proceeding or claim and (y) does not include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability
or a failure to act by or on behalf of any indemnified party.

5.1.4. Settlement Without Consent
if Failure to Reimburse. If an indemnified party shall have requested an indemnifying party to reimburse the indemnified party for
reasonable fees and expenses of counsel, such indemnifying party agrees that it shall be liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected
without its written consent if (i) such settlement is entered into more than forty-five (45) days after receipt by such indemnifying party
of the aforesaid request, (ii) such indemnifying party shall have received notice of the terms of such settlement at least thirty (30)
days prior to such settlement being entered into and (iii) such indemnifying party shall not have reimbursed such indemnified party in
accordance with such request prior to the date of such settlement.

5.2. Contribution. In
order to provide for just and equitable contribution in circumstances in which the indemnification provided for in the foregoing paragraphs
of Section 5.1 is applicable in accordance with its terms but for any reason is held to be unavailable or insufficient from the
Company or the Underwriters, the Company and the Underwriters will contribute to the total losses, claims, liabilities, reasonably incurred
and documented expenses and damages (including any investigative, legal and other expenses reasonably incurred and documented in connection
with, and any amount paid in settlement of, any action, suit or proceeding or any claim asserted) to which any indemnified party may be
subject in such proportion as shall be appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and the Underwriters
on the other hand. The relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other hand shall be deemed
to be in the same proportion as the total net proceeds from the sale of the Units (before deducting expenses) received by the Company
bear to the total compensation received by the Underwriters (before deducting expenses) from the sale of the Units on behalf of the Company.
If, but only if, the allocation provided by the foregoing sentence is not permitted by applicable law, the allocation of contribution
shall be made in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in the foregoing sentence but
also the relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, with respect to the statements or omissions
that resulted in such loss, claim, liability, expense or damage, or action in respect thereof, as well as any other relevant equitable
considerations with respect to such offering. Such relative fault shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether the
untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information
supplied by the Company or the Underwriters, the intent of the parties and their relative knowledge, access to information and opportunity
to correct or prevent such statement or omission. The Company and the Underwriters agree that it would not be just and equitable if contributions
pursuant to this Section 5.2 were to be determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not take
into account the equitable considerations referred to herein. The amount paid or payable by an indemnified party as a result of the loss,
claim, liability, expense or damage, or action in respect thereof, referred to above in this Section 5.2 shall be deemed to include,
for the purpose of this Section 5.2, any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in connection with
investigating or defending any such action or claim to the extent consistent with Section 5.1.3. Notwithstanding the foregoing
provisions of Section 5.1 and this Section 5.2, each Underwriter shall not be required to contribute any amount in excess
of the commissions actually received by it under this Agreement and no person found guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the
meaning of Section 11(f) of the Act) will be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.
For purposes of this Section 5.2, any person who controls a party to this Agreement within the meaning of the Act, any affiliates
of the respective Underwriters and any officers, directors, partners, employees or agents of the Underwriters or their respective affiliates,
will have the same rights to contribution as that party, and each director of the Company and each officer of the Company who signed the
Registration Statement will have the same rights to contribution as the Company, subject in each case to the provisions hereof. Any party
entitled to contribution, promptly after receipt of notice of commencement of any action against such party in respect of which a claim
for contribution may be made under this Section 5.2, will notify any such party or parties from whom contribution may be sought,
but the omission to so notify will not relieve that party or parties from whom contribution may be sought from any other obligation it
or they may have under this Section 5.2 except to the extent that the failure to so notify such other party materially prejudiced
the substantive rights or defenses of the party from whom contribution is sought. Except for a settlement entered into pursuant to the
last sentence of Section 5.1.3, no party will be liable for contribution with respect to any action or claim settled without its
written consent if such consent is required pursuant to Section 5.1.3.

6. Default by an Underwriter.

6.1. Default Not Exceeding
10% of Firm Units. If any Underwriter or Underwriters shall default on its or their obligations to purchase the Firm Units and if
the number of the Firm Units with respect to which such default relates does not exceed in the aggregate 10% of the number of Firm Units
that all Underwriters have agreed to purchase hereunder, then such Firm Units to which the default relates shall be purchased by the non-defaulting
Underwriters in proportion to their respective commitments hereunder.

6.2. Default Exceeding 10%
of Firm Units. In the event that the default addressed in Section 6.1 above relates to more than 10% of the Firm Units, the
Representative may, in its discretion, arrange for it or for another party or parties satisfactory to the Company to purchase such Firm
Units to which such default relates on the terms contained herein. If within one (1) Business Day after such default relating to more
than 10% of the Firm Units the Representative does not arrange for the purchase of such Firm Units, then the Company shall be entitled
to a further period of one (1) Business Day within which to procure another party or parties satisfactory to the Representative to purchase
said Firm Units on such terms. In the event that neither the Representative nor the Company arrange for the purchase of the Firm Units
to which a default relates as provided in this Section 6, this Agreement may be terminated by the Representative or the Company
without liability on the part of the Company (except as provided in Sections 3.10, 5, and 9.3 hereof) or the several
Underwriters (except as provided in Section 5 hereof; provided that nothing herein shall relieve a defaulting Underwriter of its
liability, if any, to the other several Underwriters and to the Company for damages occasioned by its default hereunder.

6.3. Postponement of Closing
Date. In the event that the Firm Units to which the default relates are to be purchased by the non-defaulting Underwriters, or are
to be purchased by another party or parties as aforesaid, the Representative or the Company shall have the right to postpone the Closing
Date for a reasonable period, but not in any event exceeding five (5) Business Days, in order to effect whatever changes may thereby be
made necessary in the Registration Statement and/or the Prospectus, as the case may be, or in any other documents and arrangements, and
the Company agrees to file promptly any amendment to, or to supplement, the Registration Statement and/or the Prospectus, as the case
may be, that in the reasonable opinion of counsel for the Underwriters may thereby be made necessary. The term Underwriter
as used in this Agreement shall include any party substituted under this Section 6 with like effect as if it had originally been a party
to this Agreement with respect to such securities.

7. Additional Covenants.

7.1. Additional Shares or
Options. The Company hereby agrees that, until the consummation of a Business Combination, it shall not issue any Ordinary Shares
or any options or other securities convertible into Ordinary Shares, or any preferred shares or other securities of the Company that participate
in any manner in the Trust Account or that vote as a class with the Ordinary Shares on a Business Combination. The Company, on behalf
of itself and any successor entity, agrees that, without the prior written consent of the Representative, will not, for a period of 180
days after the date of this Agreement (the Lock-Up Period), (i) offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or
contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option, right or warrant to purchase, lend, or otherwise transfer
or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any shares of the Company or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for
shares of the Company; (ii) file or caused to be filed any registration statement with the Commission relating to the offering of any
shares of the Company or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of the Company; (iii)
complete any offering of debt securities of the Company, other than entering into a line of credit or similar financing agreements; or
(iv) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership
of shares of the Company, whether any such transaction described in clause (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) above is to be settled by delivery
of shares of shares of the Company or such other securities, in cash or otherwise

7.2. Trust Account Waiver
Acknowledgments. The Company hereby agrees that it will use its reasonable best efforts prior to commencing its due diligence investigation
of any prospective Target Business or obtaining the services of any vendor to have such Target Business and/or vendor acknowledge in writing
whether through a letter of intent, memorandum of understanding or other similar document (and subsequently acknowledges the same in any
definitive document replacing any of the foregoing), that (a) it has read the Prospectus and understands that the Company has established
the Trust Account, initially in an amount of $220,000,000 (without giving effect to any exercise of the Over-allotment Option) for the
benefit of the Public Shareholders and that, except for a portion of the interest earned on the amounts held in the Trust Account, the
Company may disburse monies from the Trust Account only (i) to the Public Shareholders in the event they elect to redeem Public Shares
in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination, (ii) to the Public Shareholders if the Company fails to consummate a Business
Combination within the time period set forth in the Charter Documents, or (iii) to the Company after or concurrently with the consummation
of a Business Combination and (b) for and in consideration of the Company (i) agreeing to evaluate such Target Business for purposes of
consummating a Business Combination with it or (ii) agreeing to engage the services of the vendor, as the case may be, such Target Business
or vendor agrees that it does not have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the Trust Account (Claim)
and waives any Claim it may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with the Company
and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever.

7.3. [Reserved].

7.4. Rule 419. The Company
agrees that it will use reasonable best efforts to prevent the Company from becoming subject to Rule 419 under the Act prior to the consummation
of any Business Combination, including but not limited to using its commercially reasonable efforts to prevent any of the Companys
outstanding securities from being deemed to be a penny stock as defined in Rule 3a-51-1 under the Exchange Act during such
period.

7.5. Tender Offer Documents,
Proxy Materials and Other Information. The Company shall provide to the Representative or its counsel (if so instructed by the Representative)
with ten (10) copies of all tender offer documents or proxy information and all related material filed with the Commission in connection
with a Business Combination concurrently with such filing with the Commission. Documents filed with the Commission pursuant to its EDGAR
system shall be deemed to have been provided to the Representative pursuant to this Section. In addition, the Company shall furnish any
other state in which its initial public offering was registered, such information as may be requested by such state.

7.6. Emerging Growth Company.
The Company shall promptly notify the Representative if the Company ceases to be an Emerging Growth Company at any time prior to the completion
of the distribution of the Securities within the meaning of the Act.

7.7. Target Net Assets.
The Company agrees that, so long as the Company is listed on a national securities exchange, the Target Business that it acquires must
have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance in the Trust Account at the time of signing the definitive agreement for
the Business Combination with such Target Business (excluding taxes payable and the Deferred Underwriting Commissions). The fair market
value of such business must be determined by the Board of Directors of the Company based upon standards generally accepted by the financial
community, such as actual and potential sales, earnings, cash flow and book value. If the Board of Directors of the Company is not able
to independently determine that the Target Business meets such fair market value requirement, the Company will obtain an opinion from
an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or a valuation or appraisal firm with respect to the satisfaction of
such criteria. The Company is not required to obtain an opinion as to the fair market value if the Companys Board of Directors
independently determines that the Target Business does have sufficient fair market value, provided that the Target Business is not affiliated
with an Insider.

7.8. Representations and Agreements
to Survive Delivery. Except as the context otherwise requires, all representations, warranties and agreements contained in this Agreement
shall be deemed to be representations, warranties and agreements as of the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, if any, and such representations,
warranties and agreements of the Underwriters and the Company, including the indemnity agreements contained in Section 5 hereof,
shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Underwriters, the Company
or any controlling person, and shall survive termination of this Agreement or the issuance and delivery of the Public Securities to the
Underwriters until the earlier of the expiration of any applicable statute of limitations and the seventh (7th) anniversary of the later
of the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, if any, at which time the representations, warranties and agreements shall terminate and
be of no further force and effect.

7.9. Charter Documents.
The Company shall not take any action or omit to take any action that would cause the Company to be in breach or violation of any of its
Charter Documents.

8. Effective Date of This Agreement
and Termination Thereof.

8.1. Effective Date. This
Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date at the time the Registration Statement is declared effective by the Commission.

8.2. Termination. The
Representative shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time prior to the Closing Date by notice given to the Company,
(i) if any domestic or international event or act or occurrence has materially disrupted, or in the Representatives opinion will
in the immediate future materially disrupt, general securities markets in the United States; or (ii) if trading on the NYSE, the NYSE
American, NASDAQ or quoted on the OTCBB shall have been suspended, or minimum or maximum prices for trading shall have been fixed, or
maximum ranges for prices for securities shall have been fixed, or maximum ranges for prices for securities shall have been required by
FINRA or by order of the Commission or any other government authority having jurisdiction, or (iii) if the United States shall have become
involved in a new war or an increase in existing major hostilities, or (iv) if a banking moratorium has been declared by a New York State
or Federal authority, or (v) if a moratorium on foreign exchange trading has been declared which materially adversely impacts the United
States securities market, or (vi) if the Company shall have sustained a material loss by fire, flood, accident, hurricane, earthquake,
theft, sabotage or other calamity (including, without limitation, a calamity relating to a public health matter or natural disaster) or
malicious act which, whether or not such loss shall have been insured, will, in the Representatives sole opinion, make it inadvisable
to proceed with the delivery of the Units, or (vii) if the Company is in material breach of any of its representations, warranties or
covenants hereunder, or (viii) if the Representative shall have become aware after the date hereof of such a material adverse change in
the conditions of the Company, or such adverse material change in general market conditions, including without limitation, as a result
of terrorist activities or any other calamity (including, without limitation, a calamity relating to a public health matter or natural
disaster) or crisis either within or outside the United States after the date hereof, or an increase in any of the foregoing, as in the
Representatives sole judgment would make it impracticable to proceed with the offering, sale and/or delivery of the Units or to
enforce contracts made by the Underwriters for the sale of the Public Securities.

8.3. Expenses. In the
event that this Agreement shall not be carried out for any reason other than solely because of the termination of this Agreement pursuant
to Section 6 hereof, within the time specified herein or any extensions thereof pursuant to the terms herein, (i) the obligations
of the Company to pay the out of pocket expenses related to the transactions contemplated herein shall be governed by Section 3.10
hereof and (ii) the Company shall reimburse the Representative for any costs and expenses incurred in connection with enforcing any provisions
of this Agreement.

8.4. Indemnification.
Notwithstanding any contrary provision contained in this Agreement, any election hereunder or any termination of this Agreement, and whether
or not this Agreement is otherwise carried out, the provisions of Section 5 shall not be in any way affected by such election or
termination or failure to carry out the terms of this Agreement or any part hereof.

9. Miscellaneous.

9.1. Notices. All communications
hereunder, except as herein otherwise specifically provided, shall be in writing and shall be mailed, delivered by hand or reputable overnight
courier or delivered by facsimile or electronic transmission (with printed confirmation of receipt) and confirmed and shall be deemed
given when so delivered or faxed or e-mailed, or, if mailed, two days after such mailing.

If to the Representative:

Cantor Fitzgerald & Co.

499 Park Avenue

New York, New York 10022

Attn: General Counsel

Facsimile: (212) 829-4708

Email: #Legal-IBD@cantor.com

Copy (which copy shall not constitute notice) to:

Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP

1345 Avenue of the Americas

New York, New York 10105

Attn: Stuart Neuhauser, Esq.

Facsimile: (212) 370-7889

Email: sneuhauser@egsllp.com

If to the Company:

Soulpower Acquisition Corporation

250 West 55th Street

17th Floor

New York, NY 10019

Attn: Justin Lafazan

Email: justin@fam1investments.com

Copy (which copy shall not constitute notice) to:

Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel
LLP

1185 Avenue of the Americas

New York, New York 10036

Attn: Avital Perlman, Esq.

Facsimile: (212) 930-9700

Email: aperlman@srfc.law

9.2. Headings. The headings
contained herein are for the sole purpose of convenience of reference, and shall not in any way limit or affect the meaning or interpretation
of any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement.

9.3. Amendment. This Agreement
may only be amended by a written instrument executed by each of the parties hereto.

9.4. Entire Agreement.
This Agreement (together with the other agreements and documents being delivered pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement) constitute
the entire agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, and supersede all prior agreements and
understandings of the parties, oral and written, with respect to the subject matter hereof.

9.5. Binding Effect. This
Agreement shall inure solely to the benefit of and shall be binding upon the Representative, the Underwriters, the Company and the controlling
persons, directors, agents, partners, members, employees and officers referred to in Section 5 hereof, and their respective successors,
legal representatives and assigns, and no other person shall have or be construed to have any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim
under or in respect of or by virtue of this Agreement or any provisions herein contained. The term successors and assigns
shall not include a purchaser, in its capacity as such, of securities from the Underwriters.

9.6. Waiver of Immunity.
To the extent that the Company may be entitled in any jurisdiction in which judicial proceedings may at any time be commenced hereunder,
to claim for itself or its revenues or assets any immunity, including sovereign immunity, from suit, jurisdiction, attachment in aid of
execution of a judgment or prior to a judgment, execution of a judgment or any other legal process with respect to its obligations hereunder
and to the extent that in any such jurisdiction there may be attributed to the Company such an immunity (whether or not claimed), the
Company hereby irrevocably agrees not to claim and irrevocably waives such immunity to the maximum extent permitted by law.

9.7. Submission to Jurisdiction.
Each of the Company and the Representative irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of any New York State or United States Federal
court sitting in The City of New York, Borough of Manhattan, over any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement,
the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus or the offering of the Securities. Each of the Company
and the Representative irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection that they may now or hereafter have to
the laying of venue of any such suit, action or proceeding brought in such a court and any claim that any such suit, action or proceeding
brought in such a court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. Any such process or summons to be served upon the Company or the Representative
may be served by transmitting a copy thereof by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to
it at the address set forth in Section 9.1 hereof. Such mailing shall be deemed personal service and shall be legal and binding
upon the Company or the Representative in any action, proceeding or claim. Each of the Company and the Representative waives, to the fullest
extent permitted by law, any other requirements of or objections to personal jurisdiction with respect thereto. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
any action based on this Agreement may be instituted by the parties in any competent court. The Company agrees that the Underwriters shall
be entitled to recover all of their reasonable attorneys fees and expenses relating to any action or proceeding and/or incurred
in connection with the preparation therefor if any of them are the prevailing party in such action or proceeding. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY
WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR
RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

9.8. Governing Law. This
Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect
to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction.

9.9. Execution in Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, and by the different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which
shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement, and shall become effective
when one or more counterparts has been signed by each of the parties hereto and delivered to each of the other parties hereto. Delivery
of a signed counterpart of this Agreement by facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf or any electronic signature complying with U.S.
federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act or other applicable law) or other transmission method and any counterpart
so delivered will be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and valid and effective for all purposes.

9.10. Waiver. The failure
of any of the parties hereto to at any time enforce any of the provisions of this Agreement shall not be deemed or construed to be a waiver
of any such provision, nor to in any way affect the validity of this Agreement or any provision hereof or the right of any of the parties
hereto to thereafter enforce each and every provision of this Agreement. No waiver of any breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment of
any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be effective unless set forth in a written instrument executed by the party or parties against
whom or which enforcement of such waiver is sought; and no waiver of any such breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment shall be construed
or deemed to be a waiver of any other or subsequent breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment.

9.11. No Fiduciary Relationship.
The Company acknowledges and agrees that (i) the purchase and sale of the Units pursuant to this Agreement is an arms-length commercial
transaction pursuant to a contractual relationship between the Company and the Underwriters, (ii) in connection therewith and with the
process leading to such transaction, each Underwriter is acting solely as a principal and not the agent or fiduciary of the Company,
(iii) the Underwriters have not assumed an advisory or fiduciary responsibility in favor of the Company with respect to the offering
contemplated hereby or the process leading thereto (irrespective of whether the Underwriters have advised or are currently advising the
Company on other matters) or any other obligation to the Company except the obligations expressly set forth in this Agreement, (iv) in
no event do the parties intend that the Underwriters act or be responsible as a fiduciary to the Company, its management, shareholders,
creditors or any other person in connection with any activity that the Underwriters may undertake or have undertaken in furtherance of
the Offering of the Companys securities, either before or after the date hereof and (v) the Company has consulted its own legal
and financial advisors to the extent it deemed appropriate. The Underwriters hereby expressly disclaim any fiduciary or similar obligations
to the Company, either in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any matters leading up to such transactions,
and the Company hereby confirms its understanding and agreement to that effect. The Company agrees that it will not claim that the Underwriters
have rendered advisory services of any nature or respect, or owe a fiduciary or similar duty to the Company, in connection with such
transaction or the process leading thereto. The Company and the Underwriters agree that they are each responsible for making their own
independent judgment with respect to any such transactions, and that any opinions or views expressed by the Underwriters to the Company
regarding such transactions, including but not limited to any opinions or views with respect to the price or market for the Companys
securities, do not constitute advice or recommendations to the Company. The Company hereby waives and releases, to the fullest extent
permitted by law, any claims that the Company may have against the Underwriters with respect to any breach or alleged breach of any fiduciary
or similar duty to the Company in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any matters leading up to such transactions. 

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank]

If the foregoing correctly sets
forth the understanding between the Representative and the Company, please so indicate in the space provided below for that purpose, whereupon
this letter shall constitute a binding agreement between us.

SOULPOWER ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

By: /s/ Justin Lafazan 

Name: Justin Lafazan 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

Accepted on the date first above written.

CANTOR FITZGERALD
& CO., as

Representative
of the several underwriters 

By: /s/ Sage Kelly 

Name: Sage Kelly 

Title: Global Head of Investment Banking 

SCHEDULE A

SOULPOWER
ACQUISITION CORPORATION

22,000,000 Units

Underwriters Number of Firm Units to be

Purchased 

Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. 22,000,000 

Total 22,000,000 

SCHEDULE B

Investor Presentation, January 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex3-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

THE COMPANIES ACT (AS REVISED) OF THE CAYMAN ISLANDS

EXEMPTED COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES

AMENDED AND RESTATED

MEMORANDUM AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION

OF

SOULPOWER ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

(ADOPTED BY SPECIAL RESOLUTION DATED April 1 2025
AND EFFECTIVE ON April 1 2025

1 

THE COMPANIES ACT (AS
REVISED) OF THE CAYMAN ISLANDS

EXEMPTED COMPANY LIMITED
BY SHARES

AMENDED AND RESTATED

MEMORANDUM AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION

OF

SOULPOWER ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

(ADOPTED BY SPECIAL RESOLUTION DATED April 1 2025
AND EFFECTIVE ON April 1 2025

1. The name of the Company is Soulpower Acquisition Corporation

2. The registered office of the Company shall be at the offices of CO Services Cayman Limited, P.O. Box 10008,
Willow House, Cricket Square, Grand Cayman KY1-1001, Cayman Islands, or at such other place as the Directors may from time to time decide.

3. The objects for which the Company is established are unrestricted and the Company shall have full power
and authority to carry out any object not prohibited by the laws of the Cayman Islands.

4. The liability of each Member is limited to the amount unpaid on such Members shares.

5. The share capital of the Company is US$22,100 divided into 200,000,000 Class A ordinary shares of a par
value of US$0.0001 each, 20,000,000 Class B ordinary shares of a par value of US$0.0001 each and 1,000,000 preference shares of a par
value of US$0.0001 each.

6. The Company has power to register by way of continuation as a body corporate limited by shares under the
laws of any jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands and to be deregistered in the Cayman Islands.

7. Capitalised terms that are not defined in this Amended and Restated Memorandum of Association bear the
respective meanings given to them in the Amended and Restated Articles of Association of the Company.

2 

THE COMPANIES ACT (AS
REVISED) OF THE CAYMAN ISLANDS

EXEMPTED COMPANY LIMITED
BY SHARES

AMENDED AND RESTATED
MEMORANDUM AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION

OF

SOULPOWER ACQUISITION
CORPORATION

(ADOPTED BY SPECIAL
RESOLUTION DATED April 1 2025 AND EFFECTIVE ON April 1 2025

1. Interpretation

1.1 In the Articles Table A in the First Schedule to the Statute does not apply
and, unless there is something in the subject or context inconsistent therewith:

Affiliate in respect of a person, means any other person that, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such person, and (a) in the case of a natural person, shall include, without limitation, such persons spouse, parents, children, siblings, mother-in-law and father-in-law and brothers and sisters-in-law, whether by blood, marriage or adoption or anyone residing in such persons home, a trust for the benefit of any of the foregoing, a company, partnership or any natural person or entity wholly or jointly owned by any of the foregoing and (b) in the case of an entity, shall include a partnership, a corporation or any natural person or entity which directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such entity.

Applicable Law means, with respect to any person, all provisions of laws, statutes, ordinances, rules, regulations, permits, certificates, judgments, decisions, decrees or orders of any governmental authority applicable to such person.

Articles means these amended and restated articles of association of the Company.

3 

Audit Committee means the audit committee of the board of directors of the Company established pursuant to the Articles, or any successor committee.

Auditor means the person (if any) for the time being performing the duties of auditor of the Company. 

Business Combination means a merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganisation or similar business combination involving the Company, with one or more businesses or entities (the target business), which Business Combination: (a) as long as the securities of the Company are listed on the New York Stock Exchange, must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 per cent of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into such Business Combination; and (b) must not be effectuated with another blank cheque company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

business day means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a legal holiday or a day on which banking institutions or trust companies are authorised or obligated by law to close in New York City.

Clearing House means a clearing house recognised by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the Shares (or depositary receipts therefor) are listed or quoted on a stock exchange or interdealer quotation system in such jurisdiction.

Class A Share means a Class A ordinary share of a par value of US$0.0001 in the share capital of the Company.

Class B Share means a Class B ordinary share of a par value of US$0.0001 in the share capital of the Company.

Company means the above-named company.

Companys Website 

means the website of the Company and/or its web-address
or domain name (if any). 

4 

Compensation Committee means the compensation committee of the board of directors of the Company established pursuant to the Articles, or any successor committee.

Designated Stock Exchange means any United States national securities exchange on which the securities of the Company are listed for trading, including the New York Stock Exchange.

Directors means the directors for the time being of the Company.

Dividend means any dividend (whether interim or final) resolved to be paid on Shares pursuant to the Articles.

Electronic Communication means a communication sent by electronic means, including electronic posting to the Companys Website, transmission to any number, address or internet website (including the website of the Securities and Exchange Commission) or other electronic delivery methods as otherwise decided and approved by the Directors.

Electronic Record has the same meaning as in the Electronic Transactions Act. 

Electronic Transactions Act means the Electronic Transactions Act (as revised) of the Cayman Islands.

Equity-linked Securities means any debt or equity securities that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for Class A Shares issued in a financing transaction in connection with a Business Combination, including but not limited to a private placement of equity or debt.

Exchange Act means the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any similar U.S. federal statute and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder, all as the same shall be in effect at the time.

Founders means all Members immediately prior to the consummation of the IPO.

Independent Director has the same meaning as in the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange or in Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act, as the case may be.

IPO means the Companys initial public offering of securities. 

Member has the same meaning as in the Statute. 

5 

Memorandum means the amended and restated memorandum of association of the Company.

Nominating Committee means the nominating committee of the board of directors of the Company established pursuant to the Articles, or any successor committee.

Officer means a person appointed to hold an office in the Company.

Ordinary Resolution means a resolution passed by a simple majority of the Members as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at a general meeting, and includes a unanimous written resolution. In computing the majority when a poll is demanded regard shall be had to the number of votes to which each Member is entitled by the Articles.

Over-Allotment Option means the option of the Underwriters to purchase up to an additional 15 per cent of the firm units (as described in the Articles) issued in the IPO at a price equal to US$10 per unit, less underwriting discounts and commissions.

Preference Share means a preference share of a par value of US$0.0001 in the share capital of the Company.

Public Share means a Class A Share issued as part of the units (as described in the Articles) issued in the IPO.

Redemption Notice means a notice in a form approved by the Company by which a holder of Public Shares is entitled to require the Company to redeem its Public Shares, subject to any conditions contained therein.

Register of Members means the register of Members maintained in accordance with the Statute and includes (except where otherwise stated) any branch or duplicate register of Members.

Registered Office means the registered office for the time being of the Company.

Representative 

means a representative of the Underwriters. 

Seal means the common seal of the Company and includes every duplicate seal.

6 

Securities and Exchange Commission means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Share means a Class A Share, a Class B Share or a Preference Share and includes a fraction of a share in the Company.

Special Resolution subject to Article 29.4, Article 47.1 and Article 47.2, has the same meaning as in the Statute, and includes a unanimous written resolution.

Sponsor means Soulpower Acquisition Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and its successors or assigns.

Statute means the Companies Act (as revised) of the Cayman Islands.

Treasury Share means a Share held in the name of the Company as a treasury share in accordance with the Companies Act.

Trust Account means the trust account established by the Company upon the consummation of its IPO and into which a certain amount of the net proceeds of the IPO, together with a certain amount of the proceeds of a private placement of units simultaneously with the closing date of the IPO, will be deposited.

Underwriter means an underwriter of the IPO from time to time and any successor underwriter.

1.2 In these Articles:

(a) words importing the singular number include the plural number and vice
versa;

(b) words importing the masculine gender include the feminine gender;

(c) words importing persons include corporations as well as any other legal
or natural person;

(d) written and in writing include all modes
of representing or reproducing words in visible form, including in the form of an Electronic Record;

(e) shall shall be construed as imperative and may
shall be construed as permissive;

(f) references to provisions of any law or regulation shall be construed
as references to those provisions as amended, modified, re-enacted or replaced;

7 

(g) any phrase introduced by the terms including, include,
in particular or any similar expression shall be construed as illustrative and shall not limit the sense of the words preceding
those terms;

(h) the term and/or is used herein to mean both and
as well as or. The use of and/or in certain contexts in no respects qualifies or modifies the use
of the terms and or or in others. The term or shall not be interpreted to be
exclusive and the term and shall not be interpreted to require the conjunctive (in each case, unless the context otherwise
requires);

(i) headings are inserted for reference only and shall be ignored in construing
the Articles;

(j) any requirements as to delivery under the Articles include delivery
in the form of an Electronic Record;

(k) any requirements as to execution or signature under the Articles including
the execution of the Articles themselves can be satisfied in the form of an electronic signature as defined in the Electronic Transactions
Law;

(l) sections 8 and 19(3) of the Electronic Transactions Act shall not apply;

(m) the term clear days in relation to the period of a notice
means that period excluding the day when the notice is received or deemed to be received and the day for which it is given or on which
it is to take effect; and

(n) the term holder in relation to a Share means a person
whose name is entered in the Register of Members as the holder of such Share.

2. COMMENCEMENT OF BUSINESS

2.1 The business of the Company may be commenced as soon after incorporation
as the Directors shall see fit. 

2.2 The Directors may pay, out of the capital or any other monies of the
Company, all expenses incurred in or about the formation and establishment of the Company, including the expenses of registration.

8 

3. ISSUER OF SHARES AND other SECURITIES

3.1 Subject to the provisions, if any, in the Memorandum (and to any direction
that may be given by the Company in general meeting) and, where applicable, the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange,
the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law, and without
prejudice to any rights attached to any existing Shares, the Directors may allot, issue, grant options over or otherwise dispose of Shares
(including fractions of a Share) with or without preferred, deferred or other rights or restrictions, whether in regard to Dividends or
other distributions, voting, return of capital or otherwise and to such persons, at such times and on such other terms as they think proper,
and may also (subject to the Statute and the Articles) vary such rights, save that the Directors shall not allot, issue, grant options
over or otherwise dispose of Shares (including fractions of a Share) to the extent that it may affect the ability of the Company to carry
out a Class B Share Conversion set out in the Articles.

3.2 The Company may issue rights, options, warrants or convertible securities
or securities of similar nature conferring the right upon the holders thereof to subscribe for, purchase or receive any class of Shares
or other securities in the Company on such terms as the Directors may from time to time determine.

3.3 The Company may issue units of securities in the Company, which may
be comprised of whole or fractional Shares, rights, options, warrants or convertible securities or securities of similar nature conferring
the right upon the holders thereof to subscribe for, purchase or receive any class of Shares or other securities in the Company, upon
such terms as the Directors may from time to time determine.

3.4 The Company shall not issue Shares to bearer.

4. REGISTER OF MEMBERS

4.1 The Company shall maintain or cause to be maintained the Register of
Members in accordance with the Statute.

4.2 The Directors may determine that the Company shall maintain one or more
branch registers of Members in accordance with the Statute. The Directors may also determine which register of Members shall constitute
the principal register and which shall constitute the branch register or registers, and to vary such determination from time to time.

5. CLOSING THE REGISTER OF MEMBERS OR FIXING A RECORD DATE

5.1 For the purpose of determining Members entitled to notice of, or to
vote at any meeting of Members or any adjournment thereof, or Members entitled to receive payment of any Dividend or other distribution,
or in order to make a determination of Members for any other purpose, the Directors may, after notice has been given by advertisement
in an appointed newspaper or any other newspaper or by any other means in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Designated
Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law,
provide that the Register of Members shall be closed for transfers for a stated period which shall not in any case exceed forty days.

9 

5.2 In lieu of, or apart from, closing the Register of Members, the Directors
may fix in advance or arrears a date as the record date for any such determination of Members entitled to notice of, or to vote at any
meeting of the Members or any adjournment thereof, or for the purpose of determining the Members entitled to receive payment of any Dividend
or other distribution, or in order to make a determination of Members for any other purpose.

5.3 If the Register of Members is not so closed and no record date is fixed
for the determination of Members entitled to notice of, or to vote at, a meeting of Members or Members entitled to receive payment of
a Dividend or other distribution, the date on which notice of the meeting is sent or the date on which the resolution of the Directors
resolving to pay such Dividend or other distribution is passed, as the case may be, shall be the record date for such determination of
Members. When a determination of Members entitled to vote at any meeting of Members has been made as provided in this Article, such determination
shall apply to any adjournment thereof.

6. CERTIFICATES FOR SHARES

6.1 A Member shall only be entitled to a share certificate if the Directors
resolve that share certificates shall be issued. Share certificates representing Shares, if any, shall be in such form as the Directors
may determine. Share certificates shall be signed by one or more Directors or other person authorised by the Directors. The Directors
may authorise certificates to be issued with the authorised signature(s) affixed by mechanical process. All certificates for Shares shall
be consecutively numbered or otherwise identified and shall specify the Shares to which they relate. All certificates surrendered to the
Company for transfer shall be cancelled and, subject to the Articles, no new certificate shall be issued until the former certificate
representing a like number of relevant Shares shall have been surrendered and cancelled.

6.2 The Company shall not be bound to issue more than one certificate for
Shares held jointly by more than one person and delivery of a certificate to one joint holder shall be a sufficient delivery to all of
them.

6.3 If a share certificate is defaced, worn out, lost or destroyed, it may
be renewed on such terms (if any) as to evidence and indemnity and on the payment of such expenses reasonably incurred by the Company
in investigating evidence, as the Directors may prescribe, and (in the case of defacement or wearing out) upon delivery of the old certificate.

10 

6.4 Every share certificate sent in accordance with the Articles will be
sent at the risk of the Member or other person entitled to the certificate. The Company will not be responsible for any share certificate
lost or delayed in the course of delivery.

6.5 Share certificates shall be issued within the relevant time limit as
prescribed by the Statute, if applicable, or as the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange
Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law may from time to time determine, whichever
is shorter, after the allotment or, except in the case of a Share transfer which the Company is for the time being entitled to refuse
to register and does not register, after lodgement of a Share transfer with the Company.

7. TRANSFER OF SHARES

7.1 Subject to the terms of the Articles, any Member may transfer all or
any of his Shares by an instrument of transfer provided that such transfer complies with the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock
Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law. If
the Shares in question were issued in conjunction with rights, options or warrants issued pursuant to the Articles on terms that one cannot
be transferred without the other, the Directors shall refuse to register the transfer of any such Share without evidence satisfactory
to them of the like transfer of such option or warrant.

7.2 The instrument of transfer of any Share shall be in writing in the usual
or common form or in a form prescribed by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission
and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law or in any other form approved by the Directors and shall
be executed by or on behalf of the transferor (and if the Directors so require, signed by or on behalf of the transferee) and may be under
hand or, if the transferor or transferee is a Clearing House or its nominee(s), by hand or by machine imprinted signature or by such other
manner of execution as the Directors may approve from time to time. The transferor shall be deemed to remain the holder of a Share until
the name of the transferee is entered in the Register of Members.

8. REDEMPTION, REPURCHASE and surrender OF SHARES

8.1 Subject to the provisions of the Statute, and, where applicable, the
rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority
or otherwise under Applicable Law, the Company may issue Shares that are to be redeemed or are liable to be redeemed at the option of
the Member or the Company. The redemption of such Shares, except Public Shares, shall be effected in such manner and upon such other terms
as the Company may, by Special Resolution, determine before the issue of such Shares. With respect to redeeming or repurchasing the Shares.

11 

(a) Members who hold Public Shares are entitled to request the redemption
of such Shares in the circumstances described in the Business Combination Article hereof;

(b) Class B Shares held by the Sponsor shall be surrendered by the Sponsor
for no consideration to the extent that the Over-Allotment Option is not exercised in full so that the Founders will own 20 per cent of
the Companys issued Shares after the IPO (exclusive of any securities purchased in a private placement simultaneously with the
IPO); and

(c) Public Shares shall be repurchased by way of tender offer in the circumstances
set out in the Business Combination Article hereof.

8.2 Subject to the provisions of the Statute, and, where applicable, the
rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority
or otherwise under Applicable Law, the Company may purchase its own Shares (including any redeemable Shares) in such manner and on such
other terms as the Directors may agree with the relevant Member. For the avoidance of doubt, redemptions, repurchases and surrenders of
Shares in the circumstances described in the Article above shall not require further approval of the Members.

8.3 The Company may make a payment in respect of the redemption or purchase
of its own Shares in any manner permitted by the Statute, including out of capital.

8.4 The Directors may accept the surrender for no consideration of any fully
paid Share.

9. TREASURY SHARES

9.1 The Directors may, prior to the purchase, redemption or surrender of
any Share, determine that such Share shall be held as a Treasury Share.

9.2 The Directors may determine to cancel a Treasury Share or transfer a
Treasury Share on such terms as they think proper (including, without limitation, for nil consideration).

12 

10. VARIATION OF RIGHTS OF SHARES

10.1 Subject to Article 3.1, if at any time the share capital of the Company
is divided into different classes of Shares, all or any of the rights attached to any class (unless otherwise provided by the terms of
issue of the Shares of that class) may, whether or not the Company is being wound up, be varied without the consent of the holders of
the issued Shares of that class where such variation is considered by the Directors not to have a material adverse effect upon such rights;
otherwise, any such variation shall be made only with the consent in writing of the holders of not less than two thirds of the issued
Shares of that class (other than with respect to a waiver of the provisions of the Class B Ordinary Share Conversion Article hereof, which
as stated therein shall only require the consent in writing of the holders of a majority of the issued Shares of that class), or with
the approval of a resolution passed by a majority of not less than two thirds of the votes cast at a separate meeting of the holders of
the Shares of that class. For the avoidance of doubt, the Directors reserve the right, notwithstanding that any such variation may not
have a material adverse effect, to obtain consent from the holders of Shares of the relevant class. To any such meeting all the provisions
of the Articles relating to general meetings shall apply mutatis mutandis, except that the necessary quorum shall be one person
holding or representing by proxy at least one third of the issued Shares of the class and that any holder of Shares of the class present
in person or by proxy may demand a poll.

10.2 For the purposes of a separate class meeting, the Directors may treat
two or more or all the classes of Shares as forming one class of Shares if the Directors consider that such class of Shares would be affected
in the same way by the proposals under consideration, but in any other case shall treat them as separate classes of Shares.

10.3 The rights conferred upon the holders of the Shares of any class issued
with preferred or other rights shall not, unless otherwise expressly provided by the terms of issue of the Shares of that class, be deemed
to be varied by the creation or issue of further Shares ranking pari passu therewith or Shares issued with preferred or other rights.

11. COMMISSION ON SALE OF SHARES

The
Company may, in so far as the Statute permits, pay a commission to any person in consideration of his subscribing or agreeing to subscribe
(whether absolutely or conditionally) or procuring or agreeing to procure subscriptions (whether absolutely or conditionally) for any
Shares. Such commissions may be satisfied by the payment of cash and/or the issue of fully or partly paid-up Shares. The Company may also
on any issue of Shares pay such brokerage as may be lawful.

12. NON-RECOGNITION OF TRUSTS

The
Company shall not be bound by or compelled to recognise in any way (even when notified) any equitable, contingent, future or partial interest
in any Share, or (except only as is otherwise provided by the Articles or the Statute) any other rights in respect of any Share other
than an absolute right to the entirety thereof in the holder.

13 

13. LIEN ON SHARES

13.1 The Company shall have a first and paramount lien on all Shares (whether
fully paid-up or not) registered in the name of a Member (whether solely or jointly with others) for all debts, liabilities or engagements
to or with the Company (whether presently payable or not) by such Member or his estate, either alone or jointly with any other person,
whether a Member or not, but the Directors may at any time declare any Share to be wholly or in part exempt from the provisions of this
Article. The registration of a transfer of any such Share shall operate as a waiver of the Companys lien thereon. The Companys
lien on a Share shall also extend to any amount payable in respect of that Share.

13.2 The Company may sell, in such manner as the Directors think fit,
any Shares on which the Company has a lien, if a sum in respect of which the lien exists is presently payable, and is not paid within
fourteen clear days after notice has been received or deemed to have been received by the holder of the Shares, or to the person entitled
to it in consequence of the death or bankruptcy of the holder, demanding payment and stating that if the notice is not complied with the
Shares may be sold.

13.3 To give effect to any such sale the Directors may authorise any person
to execute an instrument of transfer of the Shares sold to, or in accordance with the directions of, the purchaser. The purchaser or his
nominee shall be registered as the holder of the Shares comprised in any such transfer, and he shall not be bound to see to the application
of the purchase money, nor shall his title to the Shares be affected by any irregularity or invalidity in the sale or the exercise of
the Companys power of sale under the Articles.

13.4 The net proceeds of such sale after payment of costs, shall be applied
in payment of such part of the amount in respect of which the lien exists as is presently payable and any balance shall (subject to a
like lien for sums not presently payable as existed upon the Shares before the sale) be paid to the person entitled to the Shares at the
date of the sale.

14. CALL ON SHARES

14.1 Subject to the terms of the allotment and issue of any Shares, the Directors
may make calls upon the Members in respect of any monies unpaid on their Shares (whether in respect of par value or premium), and each
Member shall (subject to receiving at least fourteen clear days notice specifying the time or times of payment) pay to the Company
at the time or times so specified the amount called on the Shares. A call may be revoked or postponed, in whole or in part, as the Directors
may determine. A call may be required to be paid by instalments. A person upon whom a call is made shall remain liable for calls made
upon him notwithstanding the subsequent transfer of the Shares in respect of which the call was made.

14 

14.2 A call shall be deemed to have been made at the time when the resolution
of the Directors authorising such call was passed.

14.3 The joint holders of a Share shall be jointly and severally liable to
pay all calls in respect thereof.

14.4 If a call remains unpaid after it has become due and payable, the person
from whom it is due shall pay interest on the amount unpaid from the day it became due and payable until it is paid at such rate as the
Directors may determine (and in addition all expenses that have been incurred by the Company by reason of such non-payment), but the Directors
may waive payment of the interest or expenses wholly or in part.

14.5 An amount payable in respect of a Share on issue or allotment or at
any fixed date, whether on account of the par value of the Share or premium or otherwise, shall be deemed to be a call and if it is not
paid all the provisions of the Articles shall apply as if that amount had become due and payable by virtue of a call.

14.6 The Directors may issue Shares with different terms as to the amount
and times of payment of calls, or the interest to be paid.

14.7 The Directors may, if they think fit, receive an amount from any Member
willing to advance all or any part of the monies uncalled and unpaid upon any Shares held by him, and may (until the amount would otherwise
become payable) pay interest at such rate as may be agreed upon between the Directors and the Member paying such amount in advance.

14.8 No such amount paid in advance of calls shall entitle the Member paying
such amount to any portion of a Dividend or other distribution payable in respect of any period prior to the date upon which such amount
would, but for such payment, become payable.

15. FORFEITURE OF SHARES

15.1 If a call or instalment of a call remains unpaid after it has become
due and payable the Directors may give to the person from whom it is due not less than fourteen clear days notice requiring payment
of the amount unpaid together with any interest which may have accrued and any expenses incurred by the Company by reason of such non-payment.
The notice shall specify where payment is to be made and shall state that if the notice is not complied with the Shares in respect of
which the call was made will be liable to be forfeited.

15 

15.2 If the notice is not complied with, any Share in respect of which it
was given may, before the payment required by the notice has been made, be forfeited by a resolution of the Directors. Such forfeiture
shall include all Dividends, other distributions or other monies payable in respect of the forfeited Share and not paid before the forfeiture.

15.3 A forfeited Share may be sold, re-allotted or otherwise disposed of
on such terms and in such manner as the Directors think fit and at any time before a sale, re-allotment or disposition the forfeiture
may be cancelled on such terms as the Directors think fit. Where for the purposes of its disposal a forfeited Share is to be transferred
to any person the Directors may authorise some person to execute an instrument of transfer of the Share in favour of that person.

15.4 A person any of whose Shares have been forfeited shall cease to be a
Member in respect of them and shall surrender to the Company for cancellation the certificate for the Shares forfeited and shall remain
liable to pay to the Company all monies which at the date of forfeiture were payable by him to the Company in respect of those Shares
together with interest at such rate as the Directors may determine, but his liability shall cease if and when the Company shall have received
payment in full of all monies due and payable by him in respect of those Shares.

15.5 A certificate in writing under the hand of one Director or Officer that
a Share has been forfeited on a specified date shall be conclusive evidence of the facts stated in it as against all persons claiming
to be entitled to the Share. The certificate shall (subject to the execution of an instrument of transfer) constitute a good title to
the Share and the person to whom the Share is sold or otherwise disposed of shall not be bound to see to the application of the purchase
money, if any, nor shall his title to the Share be affected by any irregularity or invalidity in the proceedings in reference to the forfeiture,
sale or disposal of the Share.

15.6 The provisions of the Articles as to forfeiture shall apply in the case
of non-payment of any sum which, by the terms of issue of a Share, becomes payable at a fixed time, whether on account of the par value
of the Share or by way of premium as if it had been payable by virtue of a call duly made and notified.

16. TRANSMISSION OF SHARES

16.1 If a Member dies, the survivor or survivors (where he was a joint holder),
or his legal personal representatives (where he was a sole holder), shall be the only persons recognised by the Company as having any
title to his Shares. The estate of a deceased Member is not thereby released from any liability in respect of any Share, for which he
was a joint or sole holder.

16.2 Any person becoming entitled to a Share in consequence of the death
or bankruptcy or liquidation or dissolution of a Member (or in any other way than by transfer) may, upon such evidence being produced
as may be required by the Directors, elect, by a notice in writing sent by him to the Company, either to become the holder of such Share
or to have some person nominated by him registered as the holder of such Share. If he elects to have another person registered as the
holder of such Share he shall sign an instrument of transfer of that Share to that person. The Directors shall, in either case, have the
same right to decline or suspend registration as they would have had in the case of a transfer of the Share by the relevant Member before
his death or bankruptcy or liquidation or dissolution, as the case may be.

16 

16.3 A person becoming entitled to a Share by reason of the death or bankruptcy
or liquidation or dissolution of a Member (or in any other case than by transfer) shall be entitled to the same Dividends, other distributions
and other advantages to which he would be entitled if he were the holder of such Share. However, he shall not, before becoming a Member
in respect of a Share, be entitled in respect of it to exercise any right conferred by membership in relation to general meetings of the
Company and the Directors may at any time give notice requiring any such person to elect either to be registered himself or to have some
person nominated by him be registered as the holder of the Share (but the Directors shall, in either case, have the same right to decline
or suspend registration as they would have had in the case of a transfer of the Share by the relevant Member before his death or bankruptcy
or liquidation or dissolution or any other case than by transfer, as the case may be). If the notice is not complied with within ninety
days of being received or deemed to be received (as determined pursuant to the Articles), the Directors may thereafter withhold payment
of all Dividends, other distributions, bonuses or other monies payable in respect of the Share until the requirements of the notice have
been complied with.

17. CLASS B ORDINARY SHARE CONVERSION

17.1 The rights attaching to the Class A Shares and Class B Shares shall
rank pari passu in all respects, and the Class A Shares and Class B Shares shall vote together as a single class on all
matters (subject to the Variation of Rights of Shares Article and the Appointment and Removal of Directors Article hereof) with the exception
that the holder of a Class B Share shall have the Conversion Rights referred to in this Article.

17.2 Class B Shares shall automatically convert into Class A Shares on a
one-for-one basis (the Initial Conversion Ratio): (a) at any time and from time
to time at the option of the holders thereof; and (b) automatically on the day of the closing of a Business Combination.

17 

17.3 Notwithstanding the Initial Conversion Ratio, in the case that additional
Class A Shares or any other Equity-linked Securities, are issued, or deemed issued, by the Company in excess of the amounts offered in
the IPO and related to the closing of a Business Combination, all Class B Shares in issue shall automatically convert into Class A Shares
at the time of the closing of a Business Combination at a ratio for which the Class B Shares shall convert into Class A Shares will be
adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the Class B Shares in issue agree to waive such anti-dilution adjustment with respect to
any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of Class A Shares issuable upon conversion of all Class B Shares will equal,
on an as-converted basis, in the aggregate, 25 per cent of the sum of (i) the total number of all ordinary Shares outstanding upon the
completion of the IPO (including any Class A Shares issued pursuant to the Underwriters over-allotment option and excluding the
Class A Shares underlying the private placement units), plus (ii) all Class A Shares and Equity-linked Securities issued or deemed issued,
in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination (excluding any Shares or Equity-linked Securities issued, or to be
issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination, and any private placement equivalent units issued to the Sponsor or any of
its Affiliates or to any Officers or Directors of the Company upon conversion of working capital loans), minus (iii) any redemptions of
Class A Shares by public shareholders in connection with an initial Business Combination.

17.4 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the foregoing
adjustment to the Initial Conversion Ratio may be waived as to any particular issuance or deemed issuance of additional Class A Shares
or Equity-linked Securities by the written consent or agreement of holders of a majority of the Class B Shares then in issue consenting
or agreeing separately as a separate class in the manner provided in the Variation of Rights of Shares Article hereof.

17.5 The foregoing conversion ratio shall also be adjusted to account for
any subdivision (by share split, subdivision, exchange, capitalisation, rights issue, reclassification, recapitalisation or otherwise)
or combination (by reverse share split, share consolidation, exchange, reclassification, recapitalisation or otherwise) or similar reclassification
or recapitalisation of the Class A Shares in issue into a greater or lesser number of shares occurring after the original filing of the
Articles without a proportionate and corresponding subdivision, combination or similar reclassification or recapitalisation of the Class
B Shares in issue.

17.6 Each Class B Share shall convert into its pro rata number of Class A
Shares pursuant to this Article. The pro rata share for each holder of Class B Shares will be determined as follows: each Class B Share
shall convert into such number of Class A Shares as is equal to the product of 1 multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which shall
be the total number of Class A Shares into which all of the Class B Shares in issue shall be converted pursuant to this Article and the
denominator of which shall be the total number of Class B Shares in issue at the time of conversion.

17.7 References in this Article to converted,
conversion or exchange shall
mean the compulsory redemption without notice of Class B Shares of any Member and, on behalf of such Members, automatic application of
such redemption proceeds in paying for such new Class A Shares into which the Class B Shares have been converted or exchanged at a price
per Class B Share necessary to give effect to a conversion or exchange calculated on the basis that the Class A Shares to be issued as
part of the conversion or exchange will be issued at par. The Class A Shares to be issued on an exchange or conversion shall be registered
in the name of such Member or in such name as the Member may direct.

18 

17.8 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article, in no event
may any Class B Share convert into Class A Shares at a ratio that is less than one-for-one.

18. AMENDMENTS OF MEMORANDUM AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIAtION AND ALTERATION OF CAPITAL

18.1 The Company may by Ordinary Resolution:

(a) increase its share capital by such sum as the Ordinary Resolution shall prescribe and with such rights,
priorities and privileges annexed thereto, as the Company in general meeting may determine;

(b) consolidate and divide all or any of its share capital into Shares of larger amount than its existing
Shares;

(c) convert all or any of its paid-up Shares into stock, and reconvert that stock into paid-up Shares
of any denomination;

(d) by subdivision of its existing Shares or any of them divide the whole or any part of its share capital
into Shares of smaller amount than is fixed by the Memorandum or into Shares without par value; and

(e) cancel any Shares that at the date of the passing of the Ordinary Resolution have not been taken or agreed
to be taken by any person and diminish the amount of its share capital by the amount of the Shares so cancelled.

18.2 All new Shares created in accordance with the provisions of the preceding
Article shall be subject to the same provisions of the Articles with reference to the payment of calls, liens, transfer, transmission,
forfeiture and otherwise as the Shares in the original share capital.

18.3 Subject to the provisions of the Statute, the provisions of the Articles
as regards the matters to be dealt with by Ordinary Resolution, Article 29.4, Article 47.1 and Article 47.2, the Company may by Special
Resolution:

(a) change its name;

(b) alter or add to the Articles;

(c) alter or add to the Memorandum with respect to any objects, powers or other matters specified therein;
and

(d) reduce its share capital or any capital redemption reserve fund.

19 

19. OFFICES AND PLACE OF BUSINESS

Subject
to the provisions of the Statute, the Company may by resolution of the Directors change the location of its Registered Office. The Company
may, in addition to its Registered Office, maintain such other offices or places of business as the Directors determine.

20. GENERAL MEETINGS

20.1 All general meetings other than annual general meetings shall be called
extraordinary general meetings.

20.2 The Company may, but shall not (unless required by the Statute) be obliged
to, in each year hold a general meeting as its annual general meeting, and shall specify the meeting as such in the notices calling it.
Any annual general meeting shall be held at such time and place as the Directors shall appoint. At these meetings the report of the Directors
(if any) shall be presented.

20.3 The Directors, the chief executive officer or the chairman of the board
of Directors may call general meetings, and, for the avoidance of doubt, Members shall not have the ability to call general meetings.

20.4 Members seeking to bring business before the annual general meeting
or to nominate candidates for appointment as Directors at the annual general meeting must deliver notice to the principal executive offices
of the Company not less than 120 calendar days before the date of the Companys proxy statement released to Members in connection
with the previous years annual general meeting or, if the Company did not hold an annual general meeting the previous year, or
if the date of the current years annual general meeting has been changed by more than 30 days from the date of the previous years
annual general meeting, then the deadline shall be set by the board of Directors with such deadline being a reasonable time before the
Company begins to print and send its related proxy materials.

21. NOTICE OF GENERAL MEETINGS

21.1 Not less than ten days notice nor more than sixty days
notice shall be given of any general meeting. Every notice shall specify the place, the day and the hour of the meeting and the general
nature of the business to be conducted at the general meeting and shall be given in the manner hereinafter mentioned or in such other
manner if any as may be prescribed by the Company, provided that a general meeting of the Company shall, whether or not the notice specified
in this Article has been given and whether or not the provisions of the Articles regarding general meetings have been complied with, be
deemed to have been duly convened if it is so agreed:

20 

(a) in the case of an annual general meeting, by all of the Members entitled to attend and vote thereat; and

(b) in the case of an extraordinary general meeting, by a majority in number of the Members having a right
to attend and vote at the meeting, together holding not less than ninety-five per cent in par value of the Shares giving that right.

21.2 The accidental omission to give notice of a general meeting to, or the
non-receipt of notice of a general meeting by, any person entitled to receive such notice shall not invalidate the proceedings of that
general meeting.

22. PROCEEDINGS AT GENERAL MEETINGS

22.1 No business shall be transacted at any general meeting unless a quorum
is present. The holders of at least one-third of the then issued and outstanding Shares, being individuals present in person or by proxy
or if a corporation or other non-natural person by its duly authorised representative or proxy, shall be a quorum.

22.2 A person may participate at a general meeting by conference telephone
or other communications equipment by means of which all the persons participating in the meeting can communicate with each other. Participation
by a person in a general meeting in this manner is treated as presence in person at that meeting.

22.3 A resolution (including a Special Resolution) in writing (in one or
more counterparts) signed by or on behalf of all of the Members for the time being entitled to receive notice of and to attend and vote
at general meetings (or, being corporations or other non-natural persons, signed by their duly authorised representatives) shall be as
valid and effective as if the resolution had been passed at a general meeting of the Company duly convened and held.

22.4 If a quorum is not present within half an hour from the time appointed
for the meeting to commence, the meeting shall stand adjourned to the same day in the next week at the same time and/or place or to such
other day, time and/or place as the Directors may determine, and if at the adjourned meeting a quorum is not present within half an hour
from the time appointed for the meeting to commence, the Members present shall be a quorum.

21 

22.5 The Directors may, at any time prior to the time appointed for
the meeting to commence, appoint any person to act as chairman of a general meeting of the Company or, if the Directors do not make any
such appointment, the chairman, if any, of the board of Directors shall preside as chairman at such general meeting. If there is no such
chairman, or if he shall not be present within fifteen minutes after the time appointed for the meeting to commence, or is unwilling to
act, the Directors present shall elect one of their number to be chairman of the meeting.

22.6 If no Director is willing to act as chairman or if no Director is present
within fifteen minutes after the time appointed for the meeting to commence, the Members present shall choose one of their number to be
chairman of the meeting.

22.7 The chairman may, with the consent of a meeting at which a quorum is
present (and shall if so directed by the meeting) adjourn the meeting from time to time and from place to place, but no business shall
be transacted at any adjourned meeting other than the business left unfinished at the meeting from which the adjournment took place.

22.8 When a general meeting is adjourned for thirty days or more, notice
of the adjourned meeting shall be given as in the case of an original meeting. Otherwise it shall not be necessary to give any such notice
of an adjourned meeting.

22.9 If, prior to a Business Combination, a notice is issued in respect of
a general meeting and the Directors, in their absolute discretion, consider that it is impractical or undesirable for any reason to hold
that general meeting at the place, the day and the hour specified in the notice calling such general meeting, the Directors may postpone
the general meeting to another place, day and/or hour provided that notice of the place, the day and the hour of the rearranged general
meeting is promptly given to all Members. No business shall be transacted at any postponed meeting other than the business specified in
the notice of the original meeting.

22.10 When a general meeting is postponed for thirty days or more, notice
of the postponed meeting shall be given as in the case of an original meeting. Otherwise it shall not be necessary to give any such notice
of a postponed meeting. All proxy forms submitted for the original general meeting shall remain valid for the postponed meeting. The
Directors may postpone a general meeting which has already been postponed.

22.11 A resolution put to the vote of the meeting shall be decided on a poll.

22.12 A poll shall be taken as the chairman directs, and the result of the
poll shall be deemed to be the resolution of the general meeting at which the poll was demanded.

22.13 A poll demanded on the election of a chairman or on a question of adjournment
shall be taken forthwith. A poll demanded on any other question shall be taken at such date, time and place as the chairman of the general
meeting directs, and any business other than that upon which a poll has been demanded or is contingent thereon may proceed pending the
taking of the poll.

22 

22.14 In the case of an equality of votes the chairman shall be entitled to
a second or casting vote.

23. VOTES OF MEMBERS

23.1 Subject to any rights or restrictions attached to any Shares, including
as set out at Article 29.4, Article 47.1 and Article 47.2, every Member present in any such manner shall have one vote for every Share
of which he is the holder.

23.2 In the case of joint holders the vote of the senior holder who tenders
a vote, whether in person or by proxy (or, in the case of a corporation or other non-natural person, by its duly authorised representative
or proxy), shall be accepted to the exclusion of the votes of the other joint holders, and seniority shall be determined by the order
in which the names of the holders stand in the Register of Members.

23.3 A Member of unsound mind, or in respect of whom an order has been made
by any court, having jurisdiction in lunacy, may vote by his committee, receiver, curator bonis, or other person on such Members
behalf appointed by that court, and any such committee, receiver, curator bonis or other person may vote by proxy.

23.4 No person shall be entitled to vote at any general meeting unless he
is registered as a Member on the record date for such meeting nor unless all calls or other monies then payable by him in respect of Shares
have been paid.

23.5 No objection shall be raised as to the qualification of any voter except
at the general meeting or adjourned general meeting at which the vote objected to is given or tendered and every vote not disallowed at
the meeting shall be valid. Any objection made in due time in accordance with this Article shall be referred to the chairman whose decision
shall be final and conclusive.

23.6 Votes may be cast either personally or by proxy (or in the case of a
corporation or other non-natural person by its duly authorised representative or proxy). A Member may appoint more than one proxy or the
same proxy under one or more instruments to attend and vote at a meeting. Where a Member appoints more than one proxy the instrument of
proxy shall specify the number of Shares in respect of which each proxy is entitled to exercise the related votes.

23.7 A Member holding more than one Share need not cast the votes in respect
of his Shares in the same way on any resolution and therefore may vote a Share or some or all such Shares either for or against a resolution
and/or abstain from voting a Share or some or all of the Shares and, subject to the terms of the instrument appointing him, a proxy appointed
under one or more instruments may vote a Share or some or all of the Shares in respect of which he is appointed either for or against
a resolution and/or abstain from voting a Share or some or all of the Shares in respect of which he is appointed.

23 

24. PROXIES

24.1 The instrument appointing a proxy shall be in writing and shall be executed
under the hand of the appointor or of his attorney duly authorised in writing, or, if the appointor is a corporation or other non-natural
person, under the hand of its duly authorised representative. A proxy need not be a Member.

24.2 The Directors may, in the notice convening any meeting or adjourned
meeting, or in an instrument of proxy sent out by the Company, specify the manner by which the instrument appointing a proxy shall be
deposited and the place and the time (being not later than the time appointed for the commencement of the meeting or adjourned meeting
to which the proxy relates) at which the instrument appointing a proxy shall be deposited. In the absence of any such direction from the
Directors in the notice convening any meeting or adjourned meeting or in an instrument of proxy sent out by the Company, the instrument
appointing a proxy shall be deposited physically at the Registered Office not less than 48 hours before the time appointed for the meeting
or adjourned meeting to commence at which the person named in the instrument proposes to vote.

24.3 The chairman may in any event at his discretion declare that an instrument
of proxy shall be deemed to have been duly deposited. An instrument of proxy that is not deposited in the manner permitted, or which has
not been declared to have been duly deposited by the chairman, shall be invalid.

24.4 The instrument appointing a proxy may be in any usual or common form
(or such other form as the Directors may approve) and may be expressed to be for a particular meeting or any adjournment thereof or generally
until revoked. An instrument appointing a proxy shall be deemed to include the power to demand or join or concur in demanding a poll.

24.5 Votes given in accordance with the terms of an instrument of proxy shall
be valid notwithstanding the previous death or insanity of the principal or revocation of the proxy or of the authority under which the
proxy was executed, or the transfer of the Share in respect of which the proxy is given unless notice in writing of such death, insanity,
revocation or transfer was received by the Company at the Registered Office before the commencement of the general meeting, or adjourned
meeting at which it is sought to use the proxy.

25. CORPORATE MEMBERS

25.1 Any corporation or other non-natural person which is a Member may in accordance with its constitutional
documents, or in the absence of such provision by resolution of its directors or other governing body, authorise such person as it thinks
fit to act as its representative at any meeting of the Company or of any class of Members, and the person so authorised shall be entitled
to exercise the same powers on behalf of the corporation which he represents as the corporation could exercise if it were an individual
Member.

24 

25.2 If a Clearing House (or its nominee(s)), being a corporation, is a Member, it may authorise such persons
as it sees fit to act as its representative at any meeting of the Company or at any meeting of any class of Members provided that the
authorisation shall specify the number and class of Shares in respect of which each such representative is so authorised. Each person
so authorised under the provisions of this Article shall be deemed to have been duly authorised without further evidence of the facts
and be entitled to exercise the same rights and powers on behalf of the Clearing House (or its nominee(s)) as if such person was the registered
holder of such Shares held by the Clearing House (or its nominee(s)).

26. SHARES THAT MAY NOT BE VOTED

Shares
in the Company that are beneficially owned by the Company shall not be voted, directly or indirectly, at any meeting and shall not be
counted in determining the total number of outstanding Shares at any given time.

27. DIRECTORS

27.1 There shall be a board of Directors consisting of not less than one
person provided however that the Company may by Ordinary Resolution increase or reduce the limits in the number of Directors.

27.2 The Directors shall be divided into three classes: Class I, Class II
and Class III. The number of Directors in each class shall be as nearly equal as possible. Upon the adoption of the Articles, the existing
Directors shall by resolution classify themselves as Class I, Class II or Class III Directors. The Class I Directors shall stand elected
for a term expiring at the Companys first annual general meeting, the Class II Directors shall stand elected for a term expiring
at the Companys second annual general meeting and the Class III Directors shall stand elected for a term expiring at the Companys
third annual general meeting. Commencing at the Companys first annual general meeting, and at each annual general meeting thereafter,
Directors elected to succeed those Directors whose terms expire shall be elected for a term of office to expire at the third succeeding
annual general meeting after their election. Except as the Statute or other Applicable Law may otherwise require, in the interim between
annual general meetings or extraordinary general meetings called for the election of Directors and/or the removal of one or more Directors
and the filling of any vacancy in that connection, additional Directors and any vacancies in the board of Directors, including unfilled
vacancies resulting from the removal of Directors for cause, may be filled by the vote of a majority of the remaining Directors then in
office, although less than a quorum (as defined in the Articles), or by the sole remaining Director. All Directors shall hold office until
the expiration of their respective terms of office and until their successors shall have been elected and qualified. A Director elected
to fill a vacancy resulting from the death, resignation or removal of a Director shall serve for the remainder of the full term of the
Director whose death, resignation or removal shall have created such vacancy and until his successor shall have been elected and qualified.

25 

28. POWERS OF DIRECTORS

28.1 Subject to the provisions of the Statute, the Memorandum and the Articles
and to any directions given by Special Resolution, the business of the Company shall be managed by the Directors who may exercise all
the powers of the Company. No alteration of the Memorandum or Articles and no such direction shall invalidate any prior act of the Directors
which would have been valid if that alteration had not been made or that direction had not been given. A duly convened meeting of Directors
at which a quorum is present may exercise all powers exercisable by the Directors.

28.2 All cheques, promissory notes, drafts, bills of exchange and other negotiable
or transferable instruments and all receipts for monies paid to the Company shall be signed, drawn, accepted, endorsed or otherwise executed
as the case may be in such manner as the Directors shall determine by resolution.

28.3 The Directors on behalf of the Company may pay a gratuity or pension
or allowance on retirement to any Director who has held any other salaried office or place of profit with the Company or to his widow
or dependants and may make contributions to any fund and pay premiums for the purchase or provision of any such gratuity, pension or allowance.

28.4 The Directors may exercise all the powers of the Company to borrow money
and to mortgage or charge its undertaking, property and assets (present and future) and uncalled capital or any part thereof and to issue
debentures, debenture stock, mortgages, bonds and other such securities whether outright or as security for any debt, liability or obligation
of the Company or of any third party.

29. APPOINTMENT AND REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS

29.1 Prior to the closing of a Business Combination, the Company may by Ordinary
Resolution of the holders of the Class B Shares appoint any person to be a Director or may by Ordinary Resolution of the holders of the
Class B Shares remove any Director. For the avoidance of doubt, prior to the closing of a Business Combination, holders of Class A Shares
shall have no right to vote on the appointment or removal of any Director.

26 

29.2 The Directors may appoint any person to be a Director, either to fill
a vacancy or as an additional Director provided that the appointment does not cause the number of Directors to exceed any number fixed
by or in accordance with the Articles as the maximum number of Directors.

29.3 After the closing of a Business Combination, the Company may by Ordinary
Resolution appoint any person to be a Director or may by Ordinary Resolution remove any Director.

29.4 Prior to the closing a Business Combination, Article 29.1 may only be
amended by a Special Resolution which shall include the affirmative vote of a simple majority of the Class B Shares as, being entitled
to do so, vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at a general meeting of which notice specifying the intention to propose
the resolution as a special resolution has been given, or by way of unanimous written resolution.

30. VACATION OF OFFICE OF DIRECTOR

The
office of a Director shall be vacated if:

(a) the Director gives notice in writing to the Company that he resigns the office of Director;

(b) the Director absents himself (for the avoidance of doubt, without being represented by proxy) from three
consecutive meetings of the board of Directors without special leave of absence from the Directors, and the Directors pass a resolution
that he has by reason of such absence vacated office;

(c) the Director dies, becomes bankrupt or makes any arrangement or composition with his creditors generally;

(d) the Director is found to be or becomes of unsound mind ; or

(e) all of the other Directors (being not less than two in number) determine that he should be removed as
a Director, either by a resolution passed by all of the other Directors at a meeting of the Directors duly convened and held in accordance
with the Articles or by a resolution in writing signed by all of the other Directors.

31. PROCEEDINGS OF DIRECTORS

31.1 The quorum for the transaction of the business of the Directors may
be fixed by the Directors, and unless so fixed shall be a majority of the Directors then in office.

27 

31.2 Subject to the provisions of the Articles, the Directors may regulate
their proceedings as they think fit. Questions arising at any meeting shall be decided by a majority of votes. In the case of an equality
of votes, the chairman shall have a second or casting vote.

31.3 A person may participate in a meeting of the Directors or any committee
of Directors by conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all the persons participating in the meeting
can communicate with each other at the same time. Participation by a person in a meeting in this manner is treated as presence in person
at that meeting. Unless otherwise determined by the Directors, the meeting shall be deemed to be held at the place where the chairman
is located at the start of the meeting.

31.4 A resolution in writing (in one or more counterparts) signed by all
the Directors or all the members of a committee of the Directors or, in the case of a resolution in writing relating to the removal of
any Director or the vacation of office by any Director, all of the Directors other than the Director who is the subject of such resolution
shall be as valid and effectual as if it had been passed at a meeting of the Directors, or committee of Directors as the case may be,
duly convened and held.

31.5 A Director may, or other Officer on the direction of a Director shall,
call a meeting of the Directors by at least two days notice in writing to every Director which notice shall set forth the general
nature of the business to be considered unless notice is waived by all the Directors either at, before or after the meeting is held. To
any such notice of a meeting of the Directors all the provisions of the Articles relating to the giving of notices by the Company to the
Members shall apply mutatis mutandis.

31.6 The continuing Directors (or a sole continuing Director, as the case
may be) may act notwithstanding any vacancy in their body, but if and so long as their number is reduced below the number fixed by or
pursuant to the Articles as the necessary quorum of Directors the continuing Directors or Director may act for the purpose of increasing
the number of Directors to be equal to such fixed number, or of summoning a general meeting of the Company, but for no other purpose.

31.7 The Directors may elect a chairman of their board and determine the
period for which he is to hold office; but if no such chairman is elected, or if at any meeting the chairman is not present within five
minutes after the time appointed for the meeting to commence, the Directors present may choose one of their number to be chairman of the
meeting.

31.8 All acts done by any meeting of the Directors or of a committee of the
Directors shall, notwithstanding that it is afterwards discovered that there was some defect in the appointment of any Director, and/or
that they or any of them were disqualified, and/or had vacated their office and/or were not entitled to vote, be as valid as if every
such person had been duly appointed and/or not disqualified to be a Director and/or had not vacated their office and/or had been entitled
to vote, as the case may be.

28 

31.9 A Director may be represented at any meetings of the board of Directors
by a proxy appointed in writing by him. The proxy shall count towards the quorum and the vote of the proxy shall for all purposes be deemed
to be that of the appointing Director.

32. PRESUMPTION OF ASSENT

A Director
who is present at a meeting of the board of Directors at which action on any Company matter is taken shall be presumed to have assented
to the action taken unless his dissent shall be entered in the minutes of the meeting or unless he shall file his written dissent from
such action with the person acting as the chairman or secretary of the meeting before the adjournment thereof or shall forward such dissent
by registered post to such person immediately after the adjournment of the meeting. Such right to dissent shall not apply to a Director
who voted in favour of such action.

33. DIRECTORS INTERESTS

33.1 A Director may hold any other office or place of profit under the Company
(other than the office of Auditor) in conjunction with his office of Director for such period and on such terms as to remuneration and
otherwise as the Directors may determine.

33.2 A Director may act by himself or by, through or on behalf of his firm
in a professional capacity for the Company and he or his firm shall be entitled to remuneration for professional services as if he were
not a Director.

33.3 A Director may be or become a director or other officer of or otherwise
interested in any company promoted by the Company or in which the Company may be interested as a shareholder, a contracting party or otherwise,
and no such Director shall be accountable to the Company for any remuneration or other benefits received by him as a director or officer
of, or from his interest in, such other company.

33.4 No person shall be disqualified from the office of Director or prevented
by such office from contracting with the Company, either as vendor, purchaser or otherwise, nor shall any such contract or any contract
or transaction entered into by or on behalf of the Company in which any Director shall be in any way interested be or be liable to be
avoided, nor shall any Director so contracting or being so interested be liable to account to the Company for any profit realised by or
arising in connection with any such contract or transaction by reason of such Director holding office or of the fiduciary relationship
thereby established. A Director shall be at liberty to vote in respect of any contract or transaction in which he is interested provided
that the nature of the interest of any Director in any such contract or transaction shall be disclosed by him at or prior to its consideration
and any vote thereon.

29 

33.5 A general notice that a Director is a shareholder, director, officer
or employee of any specified firm or company and is to be regarded as interested in any transaction with such firm or company shall be
sufficient disclosure for the purposes of voting on a resolution in respect of a contract or transaction in which he has an interest,
and after such general notice it shall not be necessary to give special notice relating to any particular transaction.

34. MINUTES

The
Directors shall cause minutes to be made in books kept for the purpose of recording all appointments of Officers made by the Directors,
all proceedings at meetings of the Company or the holders of any class of Shares and of the Directors, and of committees of the Directors,
including the names of the Directors present at each meeting.

35. DELEGATION OF DIRECTORS POWERS

35.1 The Directors may delegate any of their powers, authorities and discretions,
including the power to sub-delegate, to any committee consisting of one or more Directors (including, without limitation, the Audit Committee,
the Compensation Committee and the Nominating Committee). Any such delegation may be made subject to any conditions the Directors may
impose and either collaterally with or to the exclusion of their own powers and any such delegation may be revoked or altered by the Directors.
Subject to any such conditions, the proceedings of a committee of Directors shall be governed by the Articles regulating the proceedings
of Directors, so far as they are capable of applying.

35.2 The Directors may establish any committees, local boards or agencies
or appoint any person to be a manager or agent for managing the affairs of the Company and may appoint any person to be a member of such
committees, local boards or agencies. Any such appointment may be made subject to any conditions the Directors may impose, and either
collaterally with or to the exclusion of their own powers and any such appointment may be revoked or altered by the Directors. Subject
to any such conditions, the proceedings of any such committee, local board or agency shall be governed by the Articles regulating the
proceedings of Directors, so far as they are capable of applying.

35.3 The Directors may adopt formal written charters for committees and,
if so adopted, shall review and assess the adequacy of such formal written charters on an annual basis. Each of these committees shall
be empowered to do all things necessary to exercise the rights of such committee set forth in the Articles and shall have such powers
as the Directors may delegate pursuant to the Articles and as required by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange,
the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law. Each of the
Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Nominating Committee, if established, shall consist of such number of Directors as
the Directors shall from time to time determine (or such minimum number as may be required from time to time by the rules and regulations
of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise
under Applicable Law). For so long as any class of Shares is listed on the Designated Stock Exchange, the Audit Committee, the Compensation
Committee and the Nominating Committee shall be made up of such number of Independent Directors as is required from time to time by the
rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority
or otherwise under Applicable Law.

30 

35.4 The Directors may by power of attorney or otherwise appoint any person
to be the agent of the Company on such conditions as the Directors may determine, provided that the delegation is not to the exclusion
of their own powers and may be revoked by the Directors at any time.

35.5 The Directors may by power of attorney or otherwise appoint any company,
firm, person or body of persons, whether nominated directly or indirectly by the Directors, to be the attorney or authorised signatory
of the Company for such purpose and with such powers, authorities and discretions (not exceeding those vested in or exercisable by the
Directors under the Articles) and for such period and subject to such conditions as they may think fit, and any such powers of attorney
or other appointment may contain such provisions for the protection and convenience of persons dealing with any such attorneys or authorised
signatories as the Directors may think fit and may also authorise any such attorney or authorised signatory to delegate all or any of
the powers, authorities and discretions vested in him.

35.6 The Directors may appoint such Officers as they consider necessary on
such terms, at such remuneration and to perform such duties, and subject to such provisions as to disqualification and removal as the
Directors may think fit. Unless otherwise specified in the terms of his appointment an Officer may be removed by resolution of the Directors
or Members. An Officer may vacate his office at any time if he gives notice in writing to the Company that he resigns his office.

36. NO MINIMUM SHAREHOLDING

The
Company in general meeting may fix a minimum shareholding required to be held by a Director, but unless and until such a shareholding
qualification is fixed a Director is not required to hold Shares.

37. REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS

37.1 The remuneration to be paid to the Directors, if any, shall be such
remuneration as the Directors shall determine, provided that no cash remuneration shall be paid to any Director by the Company prior to
the consummation of a Business Combination. The Directors shall also, whether prior to or after the consummation of a Business Combination,
be entitled to be paid all travelling, hotel and other expenses properly incurred by them in connection with their attendance at meetings
of Directors or committees of Directors, or general meetings of the Company, or separate meetings of the holders of any class of Shares
or debentures of the Company, or otherwise in connection with the business of the Company or the discharge of their duties as a Director,
or to receive a fixed allowance in respect thereof as may be determined by the Directors, or a combination partly of one such method and
partly the other.

31 

37.2 The Directors may by resolution approve additional remuneration to any
Director for any services which in the opinion of the Directors go beyond his ordinary routine work as a Director. Any fees paid to a
Director who is also counsel, attorney or solicitor to the Company, or otherwise serves it in a professional capacity shall be in addition
to his remuneration as a Director.

38. SEAL

38.1 The Company may, if the Directors so determine, have a Seal. The Seal
shall only be used by the authority of the Directors or of a committee of the Directors authorised by the Directors. Every instrument
to which the Seal has been affixed shall be signed by at least one person who shall be either a Director or some Officer or other person
appointed by the Directors for the purpose.

38.2 The Company may have for use in any place or places outside the Cayman
Islands a duplicate Seal or Seals each of which shall be a facsimile of the common Seal of the Company and, if the Directors so determine,
with the addition on its face of the name of every place where it is to be used.

38.3 A Director or Officer, representative or attorney of the Company may
without further authority of the Directors affix the Seal over his signature alone to any document of the Company required to be authenticated
by him under seal or to be filed with the Registrar of Companies in the Cayman Islands or elsewhere wheresoever.

39. DIVIDENDS, DISTRIBUTIONS AND RESERVES

39.1 Subject to the Statute and this Article and except as otherwise provided
by the rights attached to any Shares, the Directors may resolve to pay Dividends and other distributions on Shares in issue and authorise
payment of the Dividends or other distributions out of the funds of the Company lawfully available therefor. A Dividend shall be deemed
to be an interim Dividend unless the terms of the resolution pursuant to which the Directors resolve to pay such Dividend specifically
state that such Dividend shall be a final Dividend. No Dividend or other distribution shall be paid except out of the realised or unrealised
profits of the Company, out of the share premium account or as otherwise permitted by law.

32 

39.2 Except as otherwise provided by the rights attached to any Shares, all
Dividends and other distributions shall be paid according to the par value of the Shares that a Member holds. If any Share is issued on
terms providing that it shall rank for Dividend as from a particular date, that Share shall rank for Dividend accordingly.

39.3 The Directors may deduct from any Dividend or other distribution payable
to any Member all sums of money (if any) then payable by him to the Company on account of calls or otherwise.

39.4 The Directors may resolve that any Dividend or other distribution be
paid wholly or partly by the distribution of specific assets and in particular (but without limitation) by the distribution of shares,
debentures, or securities of any other company or in any one or more of such ways and where any difficulty arises in regard to such distribution,
the Directors may settle the same as they think expedient and in particular may issue fractional Shares and may fix the value for distribution
of such specific assets or any part thereof and may determine that cash payments shall be made to any Members upon the basis of the value
so fixed in order to adjust the rights of all Members and may vest any such specific assets in trustees in such manner as may seem expedient
to the Directors.

39.5 Except as otherwise provided by the rights attached to any Shares, Dividends
and other distributions may be paid in any currency. The Directors may determine the basis of conversion for any currency conversions
that may be required and how any costs involved are to be met.

39.6 The Directors may, before resolving to pay any Dividend or other distribution,
set aside such sums as they think proper as a reserve or reserves which shall, at the discretion of the Directors, be applicable for any
purpose of the Company and pending such application may, at the discretion of the Directors, be employed in the business of the Company.

39.7 Any Dividend, other distribution, interest or other monies payable in
cash in respect of Shares may be paid by wire transfer to the holder or by cheque or warrant sent through the post directed to the registered
address of the holder or, in the case of joint holders, to the registered address of the holder who is first named on the Register of
Members or to such person and to such address as such holder or joint holders may in writing direct. Every such cheque or warrant shall
be made payable to the order of the person to whom it is sent. Any one of two or more joint holders may give effectual receipts for any
Dividends, other distributions, bonuses, or other monies payable in respect of the Share held by them as joint holders.

39.8 No Dividend or other distribution shall bear interest against the Company.

39.9 Any Dividend or other distribution which cannot be paid to a Member
and/or which remains unclaimed after six months from the date on which such Dividend or other distribution becomes payable may, in the
discretion of the Directors, be paid into a separate account in the Companys name, provided that the Company shall not be constituted
as a trustee in respect of that account and the Dividend or other distribution shall remain as a debt due to the Member. Any Dividend
or other distribution which remains unclaimed after a period of six years from the date on which such Dividend or other distribution becomes
payable shall be forfeited and shall revert to the Company.

33 

40. CAPITALISATION

The
Directors may at any time capitalise any sum standing to the credit of any of the Companys reserve accounts or funds (including
the share premium account and capital redemption reserve fund) or any sum standing to the credit of the profit and loss account or otherwise
available for distribution; appropriate such sum to Members in the proportions in which such sum would have been divisible amongst such
Members had the same been a distribution of profits by way of Dividend or other distribution; and apply such sum on their behalf in paying
up in full unissued Shares for allotment and distribution credited as fully paid-up to and amongst them in the proportion aforesaid. In
such event the Directors shall do all acts and things required to give effect to such capitalisation, with full power given to the Directors
to make such provisions as they think fit in the case of Shares becoming distributable in fractions (including provisions whereby the
benefit of fractional entitlements accrue to the Company rather than to the Members concerned). The Directors may authorise any person
to enter on behalf of all of the Members interested into an agreement with the Company providing for such capitalisation and matters incidental
or relating thereto and any agreement made under such authority shall be effective and binding on all such Members and the Company.

41. BOOKS OF ACCOUNT

41.1 The Directors shall cause proper books of account (including, where
applicable, material underlying documentation including contracts and invoices) to be kept with respect to all sums of money received
and expended by the Company and the matters in respect of which the receipt or expenditure takes place, all sales and purchases of goods
by the Company and the assets and liabilities of the Company. Such books of account must be retained for a minimum period of five years
from the date on which they are prepared. Proper books shall not be deemed to be kept if there are not kept such books of account as are
necessary to give a true and fair view of the state of the Companys affairs and to explain its transactions.

41.2 The Directors shall determine whether and to what extent and at what
times and places and under what conditions or regulations the accounts and books of the Company or any of them shall be open to the inspection
of Members not being Directors and no Member (not being a Director) shall have any right of inspecting any account or book or document
of the Company except as conferred by Statute or authorised by the Directors or by the Company in general meeting.

34 

41.3 The Directors may cause to be prepared and to be laid before the Company
in general meeting profit and loss accounts, balance sheets, group accounts (if any) and such other reports and accounts as may be required
by law.

42. AUDIT

42.1 The Directors may appoint an Auditor of the Company who shall hold office
on such terms as the Directors determine.

42.2 Without prejudice to the freedom of the Directors to establish any other
committee, if the Shares (or depositary receipts therefor) are listed or quoted on the Designated Stock Exchange, and if required by the
rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority
or otherwise under Applicable Law, the Directors shall establish and maintain an Audit Committee as a committee of the Directors and shall
adopt a formal written Audit Committee charter and review and assess the adequacy of the formal written charter on an annual basis. The
composition and responsibilities of the Audit Committee shall comply with the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange,
the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law.

42.3 If the Shares (or depositary receipts therefor) are listed or quoted
on the Designated Stock Exchange, the Company shall conduct an appropriate review of all related party transactions on an ongoing basis
and shall utilise the Audit Committee for the review and approval of potential conflicts of interest.

42.4 The remuneration of the Auditor shall be fixed by the Audit Committee
(if one exists).

42.5 If the office of Auditor becomes vacant by resignation or death of the
Auditor, or by his becoming incapable of acting by reason of illness or other disability at a time when his services are required, the
Directors shall fill the vacancy and determine the remuneration of such Auditor.

42.6 Every Auditor of the Company shall have a right of access at all times
to the books and accounts and vouchers of the Company and shall be entitled to require from the Directors and Officers such information
and explanation as may be necessary for the performance of the duties of the Auditor.

35 

42.7 Auditors shall, if so required by the Directors, make a report on the
accounts of the Company during their tenure of office at the next annual general meeting following their appointment in the case of a
company which is registered with the Registrar of Companies as an ordinary company, and at the next extraordinary general meeting following
their appointment in the case of a company which is registered with the Registrar of Companies as an exempted company, and at any other
time during their term of office, upon request of the Directors or any general meeting of the Members.

43. NOTICES

43.1 Notices shall be in writing and may be given by the Company to any Member
either personally or by sending it by courier, post, cable, telex, fax or e-mail to him or to his address as shown in the Register of
Members (or where the notice is given by e-mail by sending it to the e-mail address provided by such Member). Notice may also be served
by Electronic Communication in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange
Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or by placing it on the Companys Website.

43.2 Where a notice is sent by: 

(a) courier; service of the notice shall be deemed to be effected by delivery
of the notice to a courier company, and shall be deemed to have been received on the third day (not including Saturdays or Sundays or
public holidays) following the day on which the notice was delivered to the courier;

(b) post; service of the notice shall be deemed to be effected by properly
addressing, pre paying and posting a letter containing the notice, and shall be deemed to have been received on the fifth day (not including
Saturdays or Sundays or public holidays in the Cayman Islands) following the day on which the notice was posted;

(c) cable, telex or fax; service of the notice shall be deemed to be effected
by properly addressing and sending such notice and shall be deemed to have been received on the same day that it was transmitted;

(d) e-mail or other Electronic Communication; service of the notice shall
be deemed to be effected by transmitting the e-mail to the e-mail address provided by the intended recipient and shall be deemed to have
been received on the same day that it was sent, and it shall not be necessary for the receipt of the e-mail to be acknowledged by the
recipient; and 

(e) placing it on the Companys Website; service of the notice shall
be deemed to have been effected one hour after the notice or document was placed on the Companys Website.

36 

43.3 A notice may be given by the Company to the person or persons which
the Company has been advised are entitled to a Share or Shares in consequence of the death or bankruptcy of a Member in the same manner
as other notices which are required to be given under the Articles and shall be addressed to them by name, or by the title of representatives
of the deceased, or trustee of the bankrupt, or by any like description at the address supplied for that purpose by the persons claiming
to be so entitled, or at the option of the Company by giving the notice in any manner in which the same might have been given if the death
or bankruptcy had not occurred.

43.4 Notice of every general meeting shall be given in any manner authorised
by the Articles to every holder of Shares carrying an entitlement to receive such notice on the record date for such meeting except that
in the case of joint holders the notice shall be sufficient if given to the joint holder first named in the Register of Members and every
person upon whom the ownership of a Share devolves by reason of his being a legal personal representative or a trustee in bankruptcy of
a Member where the Member but for his death or bankruptcy would be entitled to receive notice of the meeting, and no other person shall
be entitled to receive notices of general meetings.

44. WINDING UP

44.1 If the Company shall be wound up, the liquidator shall apply the assets
of the Company in satisfaction of creditors claims in such manner and order as such liquidator thinks fit. Subject to the rights
attaching to any Shares, in a winding up:

(a) if the assets available for distribution amongst the Members shall be insufficient to repay the whole
of the Companys issued share capital, such assets shall be distributed so that, as nearly as may be, the losses shall be borne
by the Members in proportion to the par value of the Shares held by them; or

(b) if the assets available for distribution amongst the Members shall be more than sufficient to repay
the whole of the Companys issued share capital at the commencement of the winding up, the surplus shall be distributed amongst
the Members in proportion to the par value of the Shares held by them at the commencement of the winding up subject to a deduction from
those Shares in respect of which there are monies due, of all monies payable to the Company for unpaid calls or otherwise.

44.2 If the Company shall be wound up the liquidator may, subject to the
rights attaching to any Shares and with the approval of a Special Resolution of the Company and any other approval required by the Statute,
divide amongst the Members in kind the whole or any part of the assets of the Company (whether such assets shall consist of property of
the same kind or not) and may for that purpose value any assets and determine how the division shall be carried out as between the Members
or different classes of Members. The liquidator may, with the like approval, vest the whole or any part of such assets in trustees upon
such trusts for the benefit of the Members as the liquidator, with the like approval, shall think fit, but so that no Member shall be
compelled to accept any asset upon which there is a liability.

37 

45. INDEMNITY AND INSURANCE

45.1 Every Director and Officer (which for the avoidance of doubt, shall
not include auditors of the Company), together with every former Director and former Officer (each an Indemnified Person)
shall be indemnified out of the assets of the Company against any liability, action, proceeding, claim, demand, costs, damages or expenses,
including legal expenses, whatsoever which they or any of them may incur as a result of any act or failure to act in carrying out their
functions other than such liability (if any) that they may incur by reason of their own actual fraud, wilful neglect or wilful default.
No Indemnified Person shall be liable to the Company for any loss or damage incurred by the Company as a result (whether direct or indirect)
of the carrying out of their functions unless that liability arises through the actual fraud, wilful neglect or wilful default of such
Indemnified Person. No person shall be found to have committed actual fraud, wilful neglect or wilful default under this Article unless
or until a court of competent jurisdiction shall have made a finding to that effect.

45.2 The Company shall advance to each Indemnified Person reasonable attorneys
fees and other costs and expenses incurred in connection with the defence of any action, suit, proceeding or investigation involving such
Indemnified Person for which indemnity will or could be sought. In connection with any advance of any expenses hereunder, the Indemnified
Person shall execute an undertaking to repay the advanced amount to the Company if it shall be determined by final judgment or other final
adjudication that such Indemnified Person was not entitled to indemnification pursuant to this Article. If it shall be determined by a
final judgment or other final adjudication that such Indemnified Person was not entitled to indemnification with respect to such judgment,
costs or expenses, then such party shall not be indemnified with respect to such judgment, costs or expenses and any advancement shall
be returned to the Company (without interest) by the Indemnified Person.

45.3 The Directors, on behalf of the Company, may purchase and maintain insurance
for the benefit of any Director or Officer against any liability which, by virtue of any rule of law, would otherwise attach to such person
in respect of any negligence, default, breach of duty or breach of trust of which such person may be guilty in relation to the Company.

46. FINANCIAL YEAR

Unless
the Directors otherwise prescribe, the financial year of the Company shall end on 31st December in each year and, following the year of
incorporation, shall begin on 1st January in each year.

47. TRANSFER BY WAY OF CONTINUATION

47.1 If the Company is exempted as defined in the Statute, it shall, subject to the provisions of the Statute
and with the approval of a Special Resolution, have the power to register by way of continuation as a body corporate under the laws of
any jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands and to be deregistered in the Cayman Islands. For the purposes of a Special Resolution to
be passed pursuant to this Article, a holder of Class B Shares shall have ten votes for every Class B Share of which he is the holder
and a holder of Class A Shares shall have one vote for every Class A Share of which he is the holder.

38 

47.2 Prior to the closing a Business Combination, Article 47.1 may only be amended by a Special Resolution
which shall include the affirmative vote of a simple majority of the Class B Shares.

48. MERGERS AND CONSOLIDATIONS

The Company
shall have the power to merge or consolidate with one or more other constituent companies (as defined in the Statute) upon such terms
as the Directors may determine and (to the extent required by the Statute) with the approval of a Special Resolution.

49. BUSINESS COMBINATION

49.1 Notwithstanding any other provision of the Articles, this Article shall
apply during the period commencing upon the adoption of the Articles and terminating upon the first to occur of the consummation of a
Business Combination and the full distribution of the Trust Account pursuant to this Article. In the event of a conflict between this
Article and any other Articles, the provisions of this Article shall prevail.

49.2 Prior to the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company shall
either:

(a) submit such Business Combination to its Members for approval; or

(b) provide Members with the opportunity to have their Shares repurchased
by means of a tender offer for a per-Share repurchase price payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust
Account, calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of such Business Combination, including interest earned on the Trust
Account ((net of taxes paid or payable, if any), divided by the number of then issued Public Shares. Such obligation to repurchase Shares
is subject to the completion of the proposed Business Combination to which it relates.

49.3 If the Company initiates any tender offer in accordance with Rule 13e-4
and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act in connection with a proposed Business Combination, it shall file tender offer documents with the
Securities and Exchange Commission prior to completing such Business Combination which contain substantially the same financial and other
information about such Business Combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act. If, alternatively,
the Company holds a general meeting to approve a proposed Business Combination, the Company will conduct any redemptions in conjunction
with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and file proxy materials
with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

39 

49.4 At a general meeting called for the purposes of approving a Business
Combination pursuant to this Article, in the event that such Business Combination is approved by Ordinary Resolution, the Company shall
be authorised to consummate such Business Combination; provided that the Company shall not consummate such Business Combination unless
the Company has net tangible assets of at least US$5,000,001 immediately prior to, or upon such consummation of, or any greater net tangible
asset or cash requirement that may be contained in the agreement relating to, such Business Combination.

49.5 Any Member holding Public Shares who is not the Sponsor, a Founder,
Officer or Director may, at least two business days prior to any vote on a Business Combination, elect to have their Public Shares
redeemed for cash, in accordance with any applicable requirements provided for in the related proxy materials (the IPO Redemption);
provided that no such Member acting together with any Affiliate of his or any other person with whom he is acting in concert or as a partnership,
limited partnership, syndicate, or other group for the purposes of acquiring, holding, or disposing of Shares may exercise this redemption
right with respect to more than 15 per cent of the Public Shares in the aggregate without the prior consent of the Company and provided
further that any beneficial holder of Public Shares on whose behalf a redemption right is being exercised must identify itself to the
Company in connection with any redemption election in order to validly redeem such Public Shares. If so demanded, the Company shall pay
any such redeeming Member, regardless of whether he is voting for or against such proposed Business Combination, a per-Share redemption
price payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated as of two business days prior to
the consummation of the Business Combination, including interest earned on the Trust Account (such interest shall be net of taxes payable)
and not previously released to the Company to pay its taxes, divided by the number of then issued Public Shares (such redemption price
being referred to herein as the Redemption Price), but only in the event that the
applicable proposed Business Combination is approved and consummated. 

49.6 A Member may not withdraw a Redemption Notice once submitted to the
Company unless the Directors determine (in their sole discretion) to permit the withdrawal of such redemption request (which they may
do in whole or in part).

49.7 In the event that the Company does not consummate a Business Combination
by 24 months from the consummation of the IPO, or such later time as the Members may approve in accordance with the Articles (the Business
Combination Longstop Date), the Company shall:

(a) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up;

40 

(b) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days
thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-Share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust
Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company (less taxes payable
and up to US$100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then Public Shares in issue, which redemption
will completely extinguish public Members rights as Members (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions,
if any); and

(c) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject
to the approval of the Companys remaining Members and the Directors, liquidate and dissolve,

subject
in each case to its obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and other requirements of Applicable Law.

49.8 In the event that any amendment is made to this Article:

(a) to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation
to allow redemption in connection with a Business Combination or redeem 100 per cent of the Public Shares if the Company does not consummate
a Business Combination on or before the Business Combination Longstop Date; or

(b) with respect to any other provision relating to Members rights
or pre-Business Combination activity,

each
holder of Public Shares who is not the Sponsor, a Founder, Officer or Director shall be provided with the opportunity to redeem their
Public Shares upon the approval or effectiveness of any such amendment at a per-Share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to
the Company to pay its taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares.

49.9 A holder of Public Shares shall be entitled to receive distributions
from the Trust Account only in the event of an IPO Redemption, a repurchase of Shares by means of a tender offer pursuant to this Article,
or a distribution of the Trust Account pursuant to this Article. In no other circumstance shall a holder of Public Shares have any right
or interest of any kind in the Trust Account.

49.10 After the issue of Public Shares, and prior to the consummation of a
Business Combination, the Company shall not issue additional Shares or any other securities that would entitle the holders thereof to:

(a) receive funds from the Trust Account; or

(b) vote as a class with Public Shares on a Business Combination.

41 

49.11 A Director may vote in respect of a Business Combination in which such
Director has a conflict of interest with respect to the evaluation of such Business Combination. Such Director must disclose such interest
or conflict to the other Directors.

49.12 As long as the securities of the Company are listed on the New York
Stock Exchange, the Company must complete one or more Business Combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 per cent
of the assets held in the Trust Account (net of amounts previously disbursed to the Companys management for taxes and excluding
the amount of deferred underwriting discounts held in the Trust Account) at the time of the Companys signing a definitive agreement
in connection with a Business Combination. A Business Combination must not be effectuated with another blank cheque company or a similar
company with nominal operations.

49.13 The Company may enter into a Business Combination with a target business
that is Affiliated with the Sponsor, a Founder, a Director or an Officer. In the event the Company seeks to consummate a Business Combination
with a target that is Affiliated with the Sponsor, a Founder, a Director or an Officer, the Company, or a committee of Independent Directors,
will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another valuation or appraisal firm that regularly renders fairness
opinions on the type of target business the Company is seeking to acquire that is a member of the United States Financial Industry Regulatory
Authority or an independent accounting firm that such a Business Combination is fair to the Company from a financial point of view.

50. BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES

50.1 To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, no individual serving
as a Director or an Officer (Management) shall have any duty, except and to the
extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines
of business as the Company. To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Company renounces any interest or expectancy of the
Company in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity
for Management, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other. Except to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to the fullest extent
permitted by Applicable Law, Management shall have no duty to communicate or offer any such corporate opportunity to the Company and shall
not be liable to the Company or its Members for breach of any fiduciary duty as a Member, Director and/or Officer solely by reason of
the fact that such party pursues or acquires such corporate opportunity for itself, himself or herself, directs such corporate opportunity
to another person, or does not communicate information regarding such corporate opportunity to the Company.

50.2 Except as provided elsewhere in this Article, the Company hereby renounces
any interest or expectancy of the Company in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter
which may be a corporate opportunity for both the Company and Management, about which a Director and/or Officer who is also a member of
Management acquires knowledge.

50.3 To the extent a court might hold that the conduct of any activity related
to a corporate opportunity that is renounced in this Article to be a breach of duty to the Company or its Members, the Company hereby
waives, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, any and all claims and causes of action that the Company may have for such
activities. To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, the provisions of this Article apply equally to activities conducted in
the future and that have been conducted in the past.

42
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex4-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

SHARE RIGHTS AGREEMENT

This Share Rights Agreement (this
Agreement) is made as of April 1, 2025 between Soulpower Acquisition Corporation, a Cayman Islands exempted
company (the Company), and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, a New York corporation, as rights
agent (in such capacity, the Share Rights Agent).

WHEREAS, the Company has entered
into an agreement with Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. (Representative), as representative of the several underwriters,
for the Companys initial public offering (Public Offering) pursuant to which the underwriters will
purchase up to an aggregate of 25,300,000 units (including up to 3,300,000 additional units if the underwriters over-allotment
option is exercised in full), each unit (Unit) comprised of one Class A ordinary share of the Company, $0.0001
par value (the Ordinary Shares), and one right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one Ordinary Share (a Public
Share Right) upon the happening of the triggering event described herein, and in connection therewith, will issue and deliver
up to an aggregate of 25,300,000 Public Share Rights upon consummation of such Public Offering, 3,300,000 of which are attributable to
the over-allotment option;

WHEREAS, the Company has filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) a Registration Statement on Form S-1, File No. 333-284465,
as amended and Form S-1 MEF (File No. 333-286324) (together the Registration Statement), for the
registration, under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) of, among other securities,
the Units, Public Share Rights, and the Ordinary Shares issuable to the holders of the Units and Public Share Rights;

WHEREAS, the Company has entered
into agreements with Soulpower Acquisition Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor)
and the Representative to purchase an aggregate of 620,000 private placement units in a private placement transaction to occur simultaneously
with the consummation of the Public Offering at a purchase price of $10.00 per private placement unit, with each Unit comprised of one
Ordinary Share and one Share Right (the Private Share Rights) to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one Ordinary
Share upon the happening of the triggering event described herein;

WHEREAS, up to $1,500,000 of working
capital loans, as described in the Registration Statement, may be converted into up to 150,000 private placement-equivalent units at a
price of $10.00 per unit, with each Unit comprised of one Ordinary Share and one Share Right (the Working Capital Share Rights,
together with the Private Share Rights and the Public Share Rights, the Share Rights);

WHEREAS, the Company desires the
Share Rights Agent to act on behalf of the Company, and the Share Rights Agent is willing to so act, in connection with the issuance,
registration, transfer and exchange of the Share Rights;

WHEREAS, the Company desires to
provide for the form and provisions of the Share Rights, the terms upon which they shall be issued, and the respective rights, limitation
of rights, and immunities of the Company, the Share Rights Agent, and the holders of the Share Rights; and

WHEREAS, all acts and things have
been done and performed which are necessary to make the Share Rights, when executed on behalf of the Company and countersigned by or on
behalf of the Share Rights Agent, as provided herein, the valid, binding and legal obligations of the Company, and to authorize the execution
and delivery of this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual agreements herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1. Appointment of Share Rights Agent. The Company hereby
appoints the Share Rights Agent to act as agent for the Company for the Share Rights, and the Share Rights Agent hereby accepts such
appointment and agrees to perform the same in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

2. Share Rights.

2.1. Form of Share Right. Each Share Right shall be issued
in registered or book-entry form, as requested by the Company or the holder of a Share Right. Any Share Rights issued in registered form
shall be in substantially the form of Exhibit A hereto, the provisions of which are incorporated herein, and shall be signed by, or bear
the facsimile signature of the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, or Secretary. In the event
the person whose facsimile signature has been placed upon any Share Right shall have ceased to serve in the capacity in which such person
signed the Share Right before such Share Right is issued, it may be issued with the same effect as if he or she had not ceased to be
such at the date of issuance.

2.2. Effect of Countersignature. Except with respect to uncertificated
Share Rights as described in Section 2.1, unless and until countersigned by the Share Rights Agent pursuant to this Agreement, a registered
Share Right shall be invalid and of no effect and may not be exchanged for Ordinary Shares.

2.3. Registration.

2.3.1. Share Right Register. The Share Rights Agent shall maintain
books (Right Register) for the registration of original issuance and the registration of transfer of the
Share Rights. Upon the initial issuance of the Share Rights, the Share Rights Agent shall issue and register the Share Rights in the
names of the respective holders thereof in such denominations and otherwise in accordance with instructions delivered to the Share Rights
Agent by the Company.

2.3.2. Registered Holder. Prior to due presentment for registration
of transfer of any Share Right, the Company and the Share Rights Agent may deem and treat the person in whose name such Share Right shall
be registered upon the Share Right Register (Registered Holder) as the absolute owner of such Share Right
and of each Share Right represented thereby (notwithstanding any notation of ownership or other writing on the Share Right Certificate
made by anyone other than the Company or the Share Rights Agent), for the purpose of the exchange thereof, and for all other purposes,
and neither the Company nor the Share Rights Agent shall be affected by any notice to the contrary.

2.4. Detachability of Share Rights. The securities comprising
the Units, including the Share Rights, will not be separately transferable until the fifty second (52nd) day after the date of the prospectus
included in the Registration Statement (or, if such date is not a business day, the following business day) unless the Representative
informs the Company of its decision to allow earlier separate trading, but in no event will separate trading of the securities comprising
the Units begin until (i) the Company files a Current Report on Form 8-K which includes an audited balance sheet reflecting the receipt
by the Company of the gross proceeds of the Public Offering including the proceeds received by the Company from the exercise of the over-allotment
option, if the over-allotment option is exercised on the date hereof, and (ii) the Company issues a press release and files a Current
Report on Form 8-K announcing when such separate trading shall begin.

3. Terms and Exchange of Share Rights.

3.1. Share Rights. Each Share Right shall entitle the holder
thereof to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one Ordinary Share upon the happening of the Exchange Event (described below). Subject to Section
3.3.1 and Section 3.3.4 below with respect to the Registered Holders of Share Rights, in the event that the Company is not
the surviving entity immediately following the Exchange Event, holders of Share Rights shall be entitled to automatically receive the
kind and amount of securities or properties of the surviving entity as the holders of each one-tenth (1/10) of one Ordinary Share is
entitled to receive in the Exchange Event. No additional consideration shall be paid by a holder of Share Rights in order to receive
his, her or its Ordinary Shares upon the Exchange Event as the purchase price for such Ordinary Shares has been included in the purchase
price for the Units. In no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the Share Rights or issue fractional Ordinary Shares.

3.2. Exchange Event. The exchange event (the Exchange
Event) shall be the Companys consummation of an initial Business Combination (as defined in the Companys
Memorandum and Articles of Association (as may be amended, restated or amended and restated, the Articles).

3.3. Exchange of Share Rights.

3.3.1. Issuance of Certificates. As soon as practicable upon
the occurrence of the Exchange Event, the Company shall direct Registered Holders of the Share Rights to return their Share Rights Certificates
(physically or electronically) to the Share Rights Agent, subject to dissenter rights to the extent provided by applicable law, if any,
in the event that the Company is not the surviving entity in a Business Combination. Upon receipt of a valid Share Rights Certificate,
the Company shall issue to the holder of such Share Right(s) the number of whole Ordinary Shares to which he, she or it is entitled,
registered in such name or names as may be directed by him, her or it and issue to such holder a book-entry position for such Ordinary
Shares; provided that in the event that the Company is not the surviving entity following the Exchange Event, the Company shall notify
the registered holders of Share Rights at least two business days prior to the occurrence of the Exchange Event and the registered holders
of Share Rights shall have the right to receive the kind and amount of securities or properties of the surviving entity pursuant to Section
3.3.4 of this Agreement provided that they affirmatively elect to such conversion, unless such requirement is otherwise waived by
the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, or any provision contained in this Agreement to the contrary, in no event will the Company
be required to net cash settle the Share Rights. The Company shall not issue fractional Ordinary Shares upon exchange of Share Rights.
At the time of the Exchange Event, the Company will instruct the Share Rights Agent to round down to the nearest whole Ordinary Share
or otherwise inform it how fractional shares will be addressed in accordance with Cayman Islands law and the Articles.

3.3.2. Valid Issuance. All Ordinary Shares issued upon an Exchange
Event in conformity with this Agreement shall be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.

3.3.3. Date of Issuance. Each person in whose name any book-entry
position for Ordinary Shares is issued shall for all purposes be deemed to have become the holder of record of such shares on the date
of the Exchange Event, irrespective of the date of delivery of such book-entry position.

3.3.4. Company Not Surviving Following Exchange Event. If the Exchange Event results in the Company not being the surviving entity, the definitive agreement will provide for the holders of Share Rights to receive the same kind and amount of securities or properties of the surviving entity as the holders of the Ordinary Shares will receive in the Exchange Event, for the number of Ordinary Shares such holder is entitled to pursuant to Section 3.3.1 above.

3.4. Duration of Share Rights. If the Exchange Event does
not occur within the time period as described in the Articles, and such Business Combination has not yet been consummated within the
applicable time period, the Share Rights shall expire and shall be worthless.

4. Transfer and Exchange of Share Rights.

4.1. Registration of Transfer. The Share Rights Agent shall
register the transfer, from time to time, of any outstanding Share Right upon the Share Right Register, in the case of certificated Share
Rights, upon surrender of such Share Right for transfer, properly endorsed with signatures properly guaranteed and accompanied by appropriate
instructions for transfer. Upon any such transfer, a new Share Right representing an equal aggregate number of Share Rights shall be
issued and the old Share Right shall be cancelled by the Share Rights Agent. The Share Rights so cancelled shall be delivered by the
Share Rights Agent to the Company from time to time upon request.

4.2. Procedure for Surrender of Share Rights. Certificated
Share Rights may be surrendered to the Share Rights Agent, together with a written request for exchange or transfer, and thereupon the
Share Rights Agent shall issue in exchange therefor one or more new certificated Share Rights as requested by the Registered Holder of
the Share Rights so surrendered, representing an equal aggregate number of Share Rights; provided, however, that in the event that a
Share Right surrendered for transfer bears a restrictive legend, the Share Rights Agent shall not cancel such Share Right and issue new
Share Rights in exchange therefor until the Share Rights Agent has received an opinion of counsel for the Company stating that such transfer
may be made and indicating whether the new Share Rights must also bear a restrictive legend.

4.3. Fractional Share Rights. The Share Rights Agent will
not issue fractional shares in connection with an exchange or transfer of Share Rights. Fractional shares will either be rounded down
to the nearest whole share or otherwise addressed in accordance with Cayman Islands law and the Articles. As a result, a holder must
hold Share Rights in multiples of 10 in order to receive shares for all of their Share Rights upon an Exchange Event.

4.4. Service Charges. No service charge shall be made for
any exchange or registration of transfer of Share Rights.

4.5. Adjustments to Conversion Ratios. The number of Ordinary
Shares that the holders of Share Rights are entitled to receive as a result of the occurrence of an Exchange Event shall be equitably
adjusted to reflect appropriately the effect of any share subdivision, share consolidation, share dividend, reorganization, recapitalization,
reclassification, combination, exchange of shares or other like change with respect to the Ordinary Shares occurring on or after the
date hereof and prior to the Exchange Event.

4.6. Share Right Execution and Countersignature. The Share
Rights Agent is hereby authorized to countersign and to deliver, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the Share Rights required
to be issued pursuant to the provisions of this Section 4, and the Company, whenever required by the Share Rights Agent, will
supply the Share Rights Agent with Share Rights duly executed on behalf of the Company for such purpose.

5. Other Provisions Relating to Share Rights of Holders of Share
Rights.

5.1. No Share Rights as Shareholder. Until exchange of a Share
Right for Ordinary Shares as provided for herein, a Share Right does not entitle the Registered Holder thereof to any of the Share Rights
of a shareholder of the Company, including, without limitation, the right to receive dividends, or other distributions, exercise any
preemptive rights to vote or to consent or to receive notice as shareholders in respect of the meetings of shareholders or the election
of directors of the Company or any other matter.

5.2. Lost, Stolen, Mutilated, or Destroyed Share Rights. If
any Share Right is lost, stolen, mutilated, or destroyed, the Company and the Share Rights Agent may on such terms as to indemnity or
otherwise as they may in their discretion impose (which shall, in the case of a mutilated Share Right, include the surrender thereof),
issue a new Share Right of like denomination, tenor, and date as the Share Right so lost, stolen, mutilated, or destroyed. Any such new
Share Right shall constitute a substitute contractual obligation of the Company, whether or not the allegedly lost, stolen, mutilated,
or destroyed Share Right shall be at any time enforceable by anyone.

5.3. Reservation of Ordinary Shares. The Company shall at
all times reserve and keep available a number of its authorized but unissued Ordinary Shares that will be sufficient to permit the exchange
of all outstanding Share Rights issued pursuant to this Agreement.

6. Concerning the Share Rights Agent and Other Matters.

6.1. Payment of Taxes. The Company will from time to time
promptly pay all taxes and charges that may be imposed upon the Company or the Share Rights Agent in respect of the issuance or delivery
of Ordinary Shares upon the exchange of Share Rights, but the Company shall not be obligated to pay any transfer taxes in respect of
the Share Rights or such shares.

6.2. Resignation, Consolidation, or Merger of Share Rights Agent.

6.2.1. Appointment of Successor Share Rights Agent. The Share Rights Agent, or any successor to it hereafter appointed, may resign its duties and be discharged from all further duties and liabilities hereunder after giving sixty (60) days notice in writing to the Company. If the office of the Share Rights Agent becomes vacant by resignation or incapacity to act or otherwise, the Company shall appoint in writing a successor Share Rights Agent in place of the Share Rights Agent. If the Company shall fail to make such appointment within a period of 30 days after it has been notified in writing of such resignation or incapacity by the Share Rights Agent or by the holder of the Share Right (who shall, with such notice, submit his, her or its Share Right for inspection by the Company), then the holder of any Share Right may apply to the Supreme Court of the State of New York for the County of New York for the appointment of a successor Share Rights Agent at the Companys cost. Any successor Share Rights Agent, whether appointed by the Company or by such court, shall be a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of New York, in good standing and having its principal office in the Borough of Manhattan, City and State of New York, and authorized under such laws to exercise corporate trust powers and subject to supervision or examination by federal or state authority. After appointment, any successor Share Rights Agent shall be vested with all the authority, powers, rights, immunities, duties, and obligations of its predecessor Share Rights Agent with like effect as if originally named as Share Rights Agent hereunder, without any further act or deed; but if for any reason it becomes necessary or appropriate, the predecessor Share Rights Agent shall execute and deliver, at the expense of the Company, an instrument transferring to such successor Share Rights Agent all the authority, powers, and Share Rights of such predecessor Share Rights Agent hereunder; and upon request of any successor Share Rights Agent the Company shall make, execute, acknowledge, and deliver any and all instruments in writing for more fully and effectually vesting in and confirming to such successor Share Rights Agent all such authority, powers, rights, immunities, duties, and obligations.

6.2.2. Notice of Successor Share Rights Agent. In the event a successor Share Rights Agent shall be appointed, the Company shall give notice thereof to the predecessor Share Rights Agent and the transfer agent for the Ordinary Shares not later than the effective date of any such appointment.

6.2.3. Merger or Consolidation of Share Rights Agent. Any corporation into which the Share Rights Agent may be merged or with which it may be consolidated or any corporation resulting from any merger or consolidation to which the Share Rights Agent shall be a party shall be the successor Share Rights Agent under this Agreement without any further act.

6.3. Fees and Expenses of Share Rights Agent.

6.3.1. Remuneration. The Company agrees to pay the Share Rights Agent reasonable remuneration for its services as such Share Rights Agent hereunder and will reimburse the Share Rights Agent upon demand for all expenditures that the Share Rights Agent may reasonably incur in the execution of its duties hereunder.

6.3.2. Further Assurances. The Company agrees to perform, execute, acknowledge, and deliver or cause to be performed, executed, acknowledged, and delivered all such further and other acts, instruments, and assurances as may reasonably be required by the Share Rights Agent for the carrying out or performing of the provisions of this Agreement.

6.4. Liability of Share Rights Agent.

6.4.1. Reliance on Company Statement. Whenever in the performance of its duties under this Agreement, the Share Rights Agent shall deem it necessary or desirable that any fact or matter be proved or established by the Company prior to taking or suffering any action hereunder, such fact or matter (unless other evidence in respect thereof be herein specifically prescribed) may be deemed to be conclusively proved and established by a statement signed by the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Operating Officer, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer or Secretary and delivered to the Share Rights Agent. The Share Rights Agent may rely upon such statement for any action taken or suffered in good faith by it pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement.

6.4.2. Indemnity. The Share Rights Agent shall be liable hereunder only for its own gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith. Subject to Section 6.6, the Company agrees to indemnify the Share Rights Agent and save it harmless against any and all liabilities, including judgments, costs and reasonable counsel fees, for anything done or omitted by the Share Rights Agent in the execution of this Agreement except as a result of the Share Rights Agents gross negligence or intentional misconduct.

6.4.3. Exclusions. The Share Rights Agent shall have no responsibility with respect to the validity of this Agreement or with respect to the validity or execution of any Share Right (except its countersignature thereof); nor shall it be responsible for any breach by the Company of any covenant or condition contained in this Agreement or in any Share Right; nor shall it by any act hereunder be deemed to make any representation or warranty as to the authorization or reservation of any Ordinary Shares to be issued pursuant to this Agreement or any Share Right or as to whether any Ordinary Shares will, when issued, be valid and fully paid and nonassessable.

6.5. Acceptance of Agency. The Share Rights Agent hereby accepts
the agency established by this Agreement and agrees to perform the same upon the terms and conditions herein set forth.

6.6. Waiver. The Share Rights Agent hereby waives any right
of set-off or any other right, title, interest or claim of any kind (Claim) in, or to any distribution of,
the Trust Account (as defined in that certain Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and between the
Company and the Share Rights Agent as trustee thereunder) and hereby agrees not to seek recourse, reimbursement, payment or satisfaction
for any Claim against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever.

7. Miscellaneous Provisions.

7.1. Successors. All the covenants and provisions of this
Agreement by or for the benefit of the Company or the Share Rights Agent shall bind and inure to the benefit of their respective successors
and assigns.

7.2. Notices. Any notice, statement or demand authorized by
this Agreement to be given or made by the Share Rights Agent or by the holder of any Share Right to or on the Company shall be sufficiently
given when so delivered if by hand or overnight delivery or if sent by certified mail or private courier service within five days after
deposit of such notice, postage prepaid, addressed (until another address is filed in writing by the Company with the Share Rights Agent),
as follows:

Any notice, statement
or demand authorized by this Agreement to be given or made by the holder of any Share Right or by the Company to or on the Share Rights
Agent shall be sufficiently given when so delivered if by hand or overnight delivery or if sent by certified mail or private courier service
within five days after deposit of such notice, postage prepaid, addressed (until another address is filed in writing by the Share Rights
Agent with the Company), as follows:

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1 State Street, 30th Floor

New York, NY 10004

Attention: Compliance Department

in each case, with copies to:

Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP

1185 Avenue of the Americas,

31st Floor

New York, New York 10036

Attn: Avital Perlman, Esq.

Telephone: (212) 930-9700

Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Inc.

499 Park Avenue

New York, NY 10022

Telephone: (212) 938-5000

And

Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP

1345 Avenue of the Americas, 11th Floor

New York, New York 10105

Attn: Stuart Neuhauser. Esq.

Email: sneuhauser@egsllp.com

7.3. Applicable Law and Exclusive Forum. The validity, interpretation,
and performance of this Agreement and of the Share Rights shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the State of New York, without
giving effect to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction. The
Company hereby agrees that any action, proceeding or claim against it arising out of or relating in any way to this Agreement, including
under the Securities Act, shall be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for
the Southern District of New York, and irrevocably submits to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for
any such action, proceeding or claim. The Company hereby waives any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent
an inconvenient forum. Any such process or summons to be served upon the Company may be served by transmitting a copy thereof by registered
or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to it at the address set forth in Section 7.2 hereof.
Such mailing shall be deemed personal service and shall be legal and binding upon the Company in any action, proceeding or claim. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the provisions of this paragraph will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole
and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in the Share Rights shall be deemed to have
notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in this Section 7.3. If any action, the subject matter of which is within
the scope the forum provisions above, is filed in a court other than a court located within the State of New York or the United States
District Court for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action) in the name of any Share Rights holder,
such Share Rights holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located
within the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York in connection with any action
brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action), and (y) having service
of process made upon such Share Rights holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such Share Rights holders counsel
in the foreign action as agent for such Share Rights holder.

7.4. Persons Having Share Rights under this Agreement. Nothing
in this Agreement expressed and nothing that may be implied from any of the provisions hereof is intended, or shall be construed, to
confer upon, or give to, any person or corporation other than the parties hereto and the Registered Holders of the Share Rights and,
any right, remedy, or claim under or by reason of this Agreement or of any covenant, condition, stipulation, promise, or agreement hereof.
All covenants, conditions, stipulations, promises, and agreements contained in this Agreement shall be for the sole and exclusive benefit
of the parties hereto and their successors and assigns and of the Registered Holders of the Share Rights.

7.5. Examination of this Agreement. A copy of this Agreement
shall be available at all reasonable times at the office of the Share Rights Agent in the Borough of Manhattan, City and State of New
York, for inspection by the Registered Holder of any Share Right. The Share Rights Agent may require any such holder to submit his, her
or its Share Right for inspection by it.

7.6. Counterparts; Electronic Signatures. This Agreement may
be executed in any number of original or facsimile counterparts and each of such counterparts shall for all purposes be deemed to be
an original, and all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. Copies of executed counterparts of
this Agreement transmitted by electronic transmission (including by email or in .pdf format) or facsimile as well as electronically or
digitally executed counterparts (such as DocuSign) shall have the same legal effect as original signatures and shall be considered irrevocable
originally executed counterparts of this Agreement.

7.7. Effect of Headings. The Section headings herein are for
convenience only and are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the interpretation thereof.

7.8. Amendments. This Agreement may be amended by the parties
hereto without the consent of any Registered Holder for the purpose of curing any ambiguity, or of curing, correcting or supplementing
any defective provision contained herein or adding or changing any other provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under
this Agreement as the parties may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem shall not adversely affect the interest of the
Registered Holders in any material respect. All other modifications or amendments shall require the written consent or vote of the Registered
Holders of at least 50% of the then-outstanding Public Share Rights, to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the Registered
Holders of Public Share Rights in any material respects and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the Private Share Rights
or Working Capital Share Rights or any provision of this Agreement with respect to the Private Share Rights, or Working Capital Share
Rights (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the forfeiture or cancellation of any Private Share Rights or Working Capital Share Rights),
50% of the number of then outstanding Private Share Rights (including the vote or written consent of the Representative) and Working
Capital Share Rights.

7.9. Severability. This Agreement shall be deemed severable,
and the invalidity or unenforceability of any term or provision hereof shall not affect the validity or enforceability of this Agreement
or of any other term or provision hereof. Furthermore, in lieu of any such invalid or unenforceable term or provision, the parties hereto
intend that there shall be added as a part of this Agreement a provision as similar in terms to such invalid or unenforceable provision
as may be possible and be valid and enforceable.

[Signature Page Follows]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement
has been duly executed by the parties hereto as of the day and year first above written.

Soulpower Acquisition Corporation 

By: /s/ Justin Lafazan 

Name Justin Lafazan 

Title Chief Executive Officer 

CONTINENTAL STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY 

By: /s/ Henry Farell 

Name: Henry Farell 

Title: Vice President 

[Signature Page to Share Rights Agreement]

EXHIBIT A

Form of Share Right

NUMBER RIGHTS

________R

SOULPOWER ACQUISITION CORPORATION

INCORPORATED UNDER THE LAWS OF THE CAYMAN ISLANDS

SEE REVERSE FOR CERTAIN DEFINITIONS

CUSIP [ ]

THIS CERTIFIES THAT, for value received _____________is
the registered holder of a right or rights (the Share Right or Share Rights, respectively) to receive one-tenth
of one Class A ordinary share, par value $0.0001 per share (Ordinary Shares), of SOULPOWER ACQUISITION CORPORATION
(the Company) for each Share Right evidenced by this Share Right Certificate on the Companys completion of an initial
business combination (as defined in the prospectus relating to the Companys initial public offering (Prospectus)
upon surrender of this Share Right Certificate pursuant to the Share Rights Agreement (the Share Rights Agreement) between
the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company (the Share Rights Agent). In no event will the Company be
required to net cash settle any Share Right.

Upon liquidation of the Company
in the event an initial business combination is not consummated during the required period as identified in the Companys Amended
and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, as the same may be amended from time to time, the Share Right(s) shall expire and
be worthless. The holder of a Share Right or Share Rights shall have no right or interest of any kind in the Companys trust account
(as defined in the Prospectus).

Upon due presentment for registration
of transfer of the Share Right Certificate at the office or agency of the Share Rights Agent a new Share Right Certificate or Share Right
Certificates of like tenor and evidencing in the aggregate a like number of Share Rights shall be issued to the transferee in exchange
for this Share Right Certificate, without charge except for any applicable tax or other governmental charge.

The Company and the Share Rights
Agent may deem and treat the registered holder as the absolute owner of this Share Right Certificate (notwithstanding any notation of
ownership or other writing hereon made by anyone), for the purpose of any conversion hereof, of any distribution to the registered holder,
and for all other purposes, and neither the Company nor the Share Rights Agent shall be affected by any notice to the contrary.

Holders of a Share Right or Share
Rights are not entitled to any of the rights of a shareholder of the Company.

Dated: 

Secretary [Corporate Seal] Chairman of the Board

2024 

The following abbreviations, when used in the inscription
on the face of this certificate, shall be construed as though they were written out in full according to applicable laws or regulations:

TEN COM as tenants in common UNIF GIFT MIN ACT-_____Custodian__________

TEN ENT as tenants by the entireties (Cust) (Minor)

JT TEN as joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common Act under Uniform Gifts to Minors Act _____________ (State)

Additional Abbreviations may also be used though not
in the above list.

SOULPOWER ACQUISITION CORPORATION

The Company will furnish without
charge to each shareholder who so requests the powers, designations,preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special
rights of each class of shares or series thereof of the Company and the qualifications, limitations, or restrictions of such preferences
and/or rights. This certificate and the rights represented thereby are issued and shall be held subject to all the provisions of the Share
Rights Agreement, and all amendments thereto, to all of which the holder of this certificate by acceptance hereof assents.

For value received,___________________________ hereby
sell, assign and transfer unto

PLEASE INSERT SOCIAL SECURITY OR OTHER IDENTIFYING NUMBER OF ASSIGNEE 

(PLEASE PRINT OR TYPEWRITE NAME AND ADDRESS, INCLUDING ZIP CODE, OF ASSIGNEE) 

Rights represented by the within Certificate, and do hereby irrevocably
constitute and appoint

_________________________________________________________________________________________Attorney
to transfer the said Rights on the books of the within named Company will full power of substitution in the premises.

Dated ___________ 

Notice: The signature to this assignment must correspond with the name as written upon the face of the certificate in every particular, without alteration or enlargement or any change whatever.

Signature(s) Guaranteed:

THE SIGNATURE(S) SHOULD BE GUARANTEED

BY AN ELIGIBLE GUARANTOR INSTITUTION

(BANKS, STOCKBROKERS, SAVINGS AND LOAN

ASSOCIATIONS AND CREDIT UNIONS WITH 

MEMBERSHIP IN AN APPROVED SIGNATURE

GUARANTEE MEDALLION PROGRAM, PURSUANT

TO S.E.C. RULE 17Ad-15).
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT TRUST AGREEMENT

This Investment Management Trust
Agreement (this Agreement) is made effective as of April 1, 2025 by and between Soulpower Acquisition Corporation,
a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, a New
York corporation (the Trustee).

WHEREAS, the Companys registration
statement on Form S-1, (File No. 333-284465) and Form S-1 MEF (File No. 333-286324) (together, the Registration
Statement), and prospectus (the Prospectus) for the initial public offering of the Companys
units (the Units), each of which consists of one of the Companys Class A ordinary shares, par value
$0.0001 per share (the Ordinary Shares), and onetenth of a right , each whole rights entitling the
holder thereof to purchase one Ordinary Share (such initial public offering hereinafter referred to as the Offering),
has been declared effective as of the date hereof by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission;

WHEREAS, the Company has entered
into an Underwriting Agreement (the Underwriting Agreement) with Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. as representative
(the Representative) of the underwriters (the Underwriters) named therein;

WHEREAS, as described in the Registration
Statement, $220,000,000 of the gross proceeds of the Offering and sale of the Private Placement Units (as defined in the Underwriting
Agreement) (or $253,000,000 if the Underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full) will be delivered to the Trustee to
be deposited and held in a segregated trust account located at all times in the United States (the Trust Account)
for the benefit of the Company and the holders of the Ordinary Shares included in the Units issued in the Offering as hereinafter provided
(the amount to be delivered to the Trustee (and any interest subsequently earned thereon) is referred to herein as the Property,
the shareholders for whose benefit the Trustee shall hold the Property will be referred to as the Public Shareholders,
and the Public Shareholders and the Company will be referred to together as the Beneficiaries);

WHEREAS, pursuant to the Underwriting
Agreement, a portion of the Property equal to $8,800,000, or $10,780,000 if the Underwriters over-allotment option is exercised
in full, is attributable to deferred underwriting discounts and commissions that will be payable by the Company to the Representative
upon the consummation of the Business Combination (as defined below) (such discounts and commissions, the Deferred Discount);
and

WHEREAS, the Company and the Trustee
desire to enter into this Agreement to set forth the terms and conditions pursuant to which the Trustee shall hold the Property.

NOW THEREFORE, IT IS AGREED:

1. Agreements and Covenants
of Trustee. The Trustee hereby agrees and covenants to:

(a) Hold the Property in trust for
the Beneficiaries in accordance with the terms of this Agreement in the Trust Account established by the Trustee in the United States
at JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. (or at another U.S. chartered commercial bank with consolidated assets of $100 billion or more) and at a
brokerage institution selected by the Trustee that is reasonably satisfactory to the Company;

(b) Manage, supervise and administer
the Trust Account subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein;

(c) In a timely manner, upon the written instruction
of the Company, (i) invest and reinvest the Property, initially solely in United States government securities within the meaning of Section
2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, having a maturity of 185 days or less, or in money market funds meeting the
conditions of paragraphs (d)(1), (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended,
which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by the Company, (ii) hold the Property as uninvested cash
or (iii) hold the Property in an interest or non-interest bearing demand deposit account at a U.S. chartered commercial bank with consolidated
assets of $100 billion or more selected by the Trustee that is reasonably satisfactory to the Company; it being understood that the Trust
Account will earn no interest while account funds are uninvested awaiting the Companys instructions hereunder; and while invested
or uninvested, the Trustee may earn bank credits or other consideration during such periods;

(d) Collect and receive, when due,
all interest or other income arising from the Property, which shall become part of the Property, as such term
is used herein;

(e) Promptly notify the Company
and the Representative of all communications received by the Trustee with respect to any Property requiring action by the Company;

(f) Supply any necessary information
or documents as may be requested by the Company (or its authorized agents) in connection with the Companys preparation of the tax
returns relating to assets held in the Trust Account or in connection with the preparation of the Companys financial statements
or completion of the audit of the Companys financial statements by the Companys auditors;

(g) Participate in any plan or proceeding
for protecting or enforcing any right or interest arising from the Property if, as and when instructed by the Company to do so;

(h) Render to the Company monthly
written statements of the activities of, and amounts in, the Trust Account reflecting all receipts and disbursements of the Trust Account;

(i) Commence liquidation of the Trust Account only after
and promptly after (x) receipt of, and only in accordance with, the terms of a letter from the Company (Termination Letter)
in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as either Exhibit A or Exhibit B, as applicable,
signed on behalf of the Company by its Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary or Chairperson of the board of directors
of the Company (the Board) or other authorized officer of the Company, and, in the case of Exhibit A, acknowledged
and agreed to by the Representative, and complete the liquidation of the Trust Account and distribute the Property in the Trust Account,
including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (which interest shall be net of taxes owed and, in the case of Exhibit
B, less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), only as directed in the Termination Letter and the other documents
referred to therein, or (y) upon the date which is the later of (1) 24 months after the closing of the Offering (or such earlier date
as the Companys board of directors may approve); and (2) such later date as may be approved by the Companys shareholders
in accordance with the Companys memorandum and articles of association, as may be amended from time to time (the Memorandum
and Articles) (such period, the Completion Window) if a Termination Letter has not been received by
the Trustee prior to such date, in which case, the Trust Account shall be liquidated by the Trustee in accordance with the procedures
set forth in the Termination Letter attached as Exhibit B and the Property in the Trust Account, including interest earned
on the funds held in the Trust Account (which interest shall be net of taxes owed and up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses),
shall be distributed to the Public Shareholders of record as of such date;

(j) Upon written request from the
Company, which may be given from time to time in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as Exhibit C (a
Tax Payment Withdrawal Instruction), withdraw from the Trust Account and distribute to the Company the amount
of interest earned on the Property requested by the Company to cover any tax obligation owed by the Company, which amount shall be delivered
directly to the Company by electronic funds transfer or other method of prompt payment, and the Company shall forward such payment to
the relevant taxing authority, so long as there is no reduction in the aggregate principal amount per share initially deposited in the
Trust Account; provided, however, that to the extent there is not sufficient cash in the Trust Account to pay
such tax obligation, the Trustee shall liquidate such assets held in the Trust Account as shall be designated by the Company in writing
to make such distribution (it being acknowledged and agreed that any such amount in excess of interest income earned on the Property shall
not be payable from the Trust Account). The written request of the Company referenced above shall constitute presumptive evidence that
the Company is entitled to said funds, and the Trustee shall have no responsibility to look beyond said request;

(k) Upon written request from the
Company, which may be given from time to time in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as Exhibit D (a
Shareholder Redemption Withdrawal Instruction), the Trustee shall distribute on behalf of the Company the
amount requested by the Company to be used to redeem Ordinary Shares from Public Shareholders properly submitted in connection with a
shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Memorandum and Articles not for the purposes of approving, or in conjunction with the
consummation of, a Business Combination (as defined below) (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to
allow redemption in connection with a Business Combination or to redeem one hundred per cent (100%) of the Public Shares if the Company
has not consummated a Business Combination within the Completion Window or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating
to the rights of holders of Ordinary Shares or pre-initial Business Combination activity. The written request of the Company referenced
above shall constitute presumptive evidence that the Company is entitled to distribute said funds, and the Trustee shall have no responsibility
to look beyond said request; and

(l) Not make any withdrawals or
distributions from the Trust Account other than pursuant to Sections 1(i), 1(j), or 1(k) above.

2. Agreements and Covenants
of the Company. The Company hereby agrees and covenants to:

(a) Give all instructions to the
Trustee hereunder in writing, signed by the Companys Chairperson of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer,
Secretary or other authorized officer of the Company. In addition, except with respect to its duties under Sections 1(i), 1(j)
and 1(k) hereof, the Trustee shall be entitled to rely on, and shall be protected in relying on, any verbal or telephonic advice
or instruction which it, in good faith and with reasonable care, believes to be given by any one of the persons authorized above to give
written instructions, provided that the Company shall promptly confirm such instructions in writing;

(b) Subject to Section 4 hereof,
hold the Trustee harmless and indemnify the Trustee from and against any and all expenses, including reasonable counsel fees and disbursements,
or losses suffered by the Trustee in connection with any action taken by it hereunder and in connection with any action, suit or other
proceeding brought against the Trustee involving any claim, or in connection with any claim or demand, which in any way arises out of
or relates to this Agreement, the services of the Trustee hereunder, or the Property or any interest earned on the Property, except for
expenses and losses resulting from the Trustees gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct. Promptly after the receipt by the
Trustee of notice of demand or claim or the commencement of any action, suit or proceeding, pursuant to which the Trustee intends to seek
indemnification under this Section 2(b), it shall notify the Company in writing of such claim (hereinafter referred to as
the Indemnified Claim). The Trustee shall have the right to conduct and manage the defense against such Indemnified
Claim; provided that the Trustee shall obtain the consent of the Company with respect to the selection of counsel, which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. The Trustee may not agree to settle any Indemnified Claim without the prior written consent
of the Company, which such consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed; provided, further that the Company may
conduct and manage the defense against any Indemnified Claim if the Trustee does not promptly take reasonable steps to mount such a defense.
The Company may participate in such action with its own counsel;

(c) Pay the Trustee the fees set
forth on Schedule A hereto, including an initial acceptance fee, annual administration fee and transaction processing
fee which fees shall be subject to modification by the parties from time to time. It is expressly understood that the Property shall not
be used to pay such fees unless and until it is distributed to the Company pursuant to Sections 1(i) through 1(k) hereof.
The Company shall pay the Trustee the initial acceptance fee and the first annual administration fee at the consummation of the Offering.
The Company shall not be responsible for any other fees or charges of the Trustee except as set forth in this Section 2(c), Schedule
A and as may be provided in Section 2(b) hereof;

(d) In connection with any vote
of the Companys shareholders regarding a merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization
or similar business combination involving the Company and one or more businesses or entities (the Business Combination),
provide to the Trustee an affidavit or certificate of the inspector of elections for the general meeting verifying the vote of such shareholders
regarding such Business Combination;

(e) Provide the Representative with
a copy of any Termination Letter(s) and/or any other correspondence that is sent to the Trustee with respect to any proposed withdrawal
from the Trust Account promptly after it issues the same;

(f) Unless otherwise agreed between
the Company and the Representative, ensure that any Instruction Letter (as defined in Exhibit A) delivered in connection with
a Termination Letter in the form of Exhibit A expressly provides that the Deferred Discount is paid directly to the account
or accounts directed by the Representative on behalf of the Underwriters prior to any transfer of funds held in the Trust Account to the
Company or any other person;

(g) Instruct the Trustee to make
only those distributions that are permitted under this Agreement, and refrain from instructing the Trustee to make any distributions that
are not permitted under this Agreement; and

(h) Within four (4) business days
after the Underwriters exercise the over-allotment option (or any unexercised portion thereof) or such over-allotment option expires,
provide the Trustee with a notice in writing of the total amount of the Deferred Discount, which shall in no event be less than $8,800,000.

3. Limitations of Liability.
The Trustee shall have no responsibility or liability to:

(a) Imply obligations, perform duties,
inquire or otherwise be subject to the provisions of any agreement or document other than this Agreement and that which is expressly set
forth herein;

(b) Take any action with respect
to the Property, other than as directed in Section 1 hereof, and the Trustee shall have no liability to any third party
except for liability arising out of the Trustees gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct;

(c) Institute any proceeding for
the collection of any principal and income arising from, or institute, appear in or defend any proceeding of any kind with respect to,
any of the Property unless and until it shall have received instructions from the Company given as provided herein to do so and the Company
shall have advanced or guaranteed to it funds sufficient to pay any expenses incident thereto;

(d) Refund any depreciation in principal
of any Property;

(e) Assume that the authority of
any person designated by the Company to give instructions hereunder shall not be continuing unless provided otherwise in such designation,
or unless the Company shall have delivered a written revocation of such authority to the Trustee;

(f) The other parties hereto or
to anyone else for any action taken or omitted by it, or any action suffered by it to be taken or omitted, in good faith and in the Trustees
best judgment, except for the Trustees gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct. The Trustee may rely conclusively and shall
be protected in acting upon any order, notice, demand, certificate, opinion or advice of counsel (including counsel chosen by the Trustee,
which counsel may be the Companys counsel), statement, instrument, report or other paper or document (not only as to its due execution
and the validity and effectiveness of its provisions, but also as to the truth and acceptability of any information therein contained)
which the Trustee believes, in good faith and with reasonable care, to be genuine and to be signed or presented by the proper person or
persons. The Trustee shall not be bound by any notice or demand, or any waiver, modification, termination or rescission of this Agreement
or any of the terms hereof, unless evidenced by a written instrument delivered to the Trustee, signed by the proper party or parties and,
if the duties or rights of the Trustee are affected, unless it shall give its prior written consent thereto;

(g) Verify the accuracy of the information
contained in the Registration Statement;

(h) Provide any assurance that any
Business Combination entered into by the Company or any other action taken by the Company is as contemplated by the Registration Statement;

(i) File information returns with
respect to the Trust Account with any local, state or federal taxing authority or provide periodic written statements to the Company documenting
the taxes payable by the Company, if any, relating to any interest income earned on the Property;

(j) Prepare, execute and file tax
reports, income or other tax returns and pay any taxes with respect to any income generated by, and activities relating to, the Trust
Account, regardless of whether such tax is payable by the Trust Account or the Company, including, but not limited to, tax obligations,
except pursuant to Section 1(j) hereof; or

(k) Verify calculations, qualify
or otherwise approve the Companys written requests for distributions pursuant to Sections 1(i), 1(j) and1(k) hereof.

4. Trust Account Waiver.
The Trustee has no right of set-off or any right, title, interest or claim of any kind (Claim) to, or to any
monies in, the Trust Account, and hereby irrevocably waives any Claim to, or to any monies in, the Trust Account that it may have now
or in the future. In the event the Trustee has any Claim against the Company under this Agreement, including, without limitation, under Section
2(b) or Section 2(c) hereof, the Trustee shall pursue such Claim solely against the Company and its assets outside
the Trust Account and not against the Property or any monies in the Trust Account.

5. Termination.
This Agreement shall terminate as follows:

(a) If the Trustee gives written
notice to the Company that it desires to resign under this Agreement, the Company shall use its reasonable efforts to locate a successor
trustee, pending which the Trustee shall continue to act in accordance with this Agreement. At such time that the Company notifies the
Trustee that a successor trustee has been appointed and has agreed to become subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Trustee shall
transfer the management of the Trust Account to the successor trustee, including but not limited to the transfer of copies of the reports
and statements relating to the Trust Account, whereupon this Agreement shall terminate; provided, however, that
in the event that the Company does not locate a successor trustee within ninety (90) days of receipt of the resignation notice from the
Trustee, the Trustee may submit an application to have the Property deposited with any court in the State of New York or with the United
States District Court for the Southern District of New York and upon such deposit, the Trustee shall be immune from any liability whatsoever;

(b) At such time that the Trustee
has completed the liquidation of the Trust Account and its obligations in accordance with the provisions of Section 1(i) hereof
and distributed the Property in accordance with the provisions of the Termination Letter, this Agreement shall terminate except with respect
to Section 2(b); or

(c) If the Offering is not consummated
within ten (10) business days of the date of this Agreement, any funds received by the Trustee from the Company or Sponsor for purposes
of funding the Trust Account shall be promptly returned to the Company or Sponsor, as applicable.

6. Miscellaneous.

(a) The Company and the Trustee
each acknowledge that the Trustee will follow the security procedures set forth below with respect to funds transferred from the Trust
Account. The Company and the Trustee will each restrict access to confidential information relating to such security procedures to authorized
persons. Each party must notify the other party immediately if it has reason to believe unauthorized persons may have obtained access
to such confidential information, or of any change in its authorized personnel. In executing funds transfers, the Trustee shall rely upon
all information supplied to it by the Company, including, account names, account numbers and all other identifying information relating
to a Beneficiary, Beneficiarys bank or intermediary bank. Except for any liability arising out of the Trustees gross negligence,
fraud or willful misconduct, the Trustee shall not be liable for any loss, liability or expense resulting from any error in the information
or transmission of the funds.

(b) This Agreement shall be governed
by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflicts of law principles
that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction. This Agreement may be executed in several original
or facsimile counterparts, each one of which shall constitute an original, and together shall constitute but one instrument.

(c) This Agreement contains the
entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. Except for Sections 1(i), 1(j),
1(k), and 1(l) hereof (which sections may not be modified, amended or deleted unless such modification, amendment or deletion
is approved by the affirmative vote of two-thirds of the then outstanding Ordinary Shares and Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001
per share, of the Company, which are represented in person or by proxy and are voted at a general meeting of the Company, voting together
as a single class; provided that no such amendment will affect any Public Shareholder who has properly elected to redeem
his, her or its Ordinary Shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to this Agreement (A) to modify the substance
or timing of the Companys obligation to allow redemption in connection with a Business Combination or to redeem one hundred per
cent (100%) of the Public Shares if the Company has not consummated a Business Combination within the Completion Window or (B) with respect
to any other material provisions relating to the rights of holders of Ordinary Shares or pre-initial Business Combination activity) this
Agreement or any provision hereof may only be changed, amended or modified (other than to correct a typographical error) by a writing
signed by each of the parties hereto.

(d) The parties hereto consent to
the jurisdiction and venue of any state or federal court located in the City of New York, State of New York, for purposes of resolving
any disputes hereunder. AS TO ANY CLAIM, CROSS-CLAIM OR COUNTERCLAIM IN ANY WAY RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, EACH PARTY WAIVES THE RIGHT
TO TRIAL BY JURY.

(e) Any notice, consent or request
to be given in connection with any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be sent by express mail
or similar private courier service, by certified mail (return receipt requested), by hand delivery or by facsimile or email transmission:

if to the Trustee, to:

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1 State Street, 30th Floor

New York, New York 10004

Attn: Francis Wolf and Celeste Gonzalez

Email: fwolf@continentalstock.com

Email: cgonzalez@continentalstock.com

if to the Company, to:

Soulpower Acquisition Corporation

250 West 55th Street, 17th Floor, New York, New York 10019

Telephone: 201-282-6717

Attn: Justin Lafazan

Email: justin@fam1investments.com

in each case, with copies to:

Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP

1185 Avenue of the Americas

New York, New York 10036

(212) 930-9700

Attn: Avital Perlman, Esq

Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP

1345 Avenue of the Americas

New York, NY 10105

(212) 370-1300

Attn: Stuart Neuhauser, Esq.

and

Cantor Fitzgerald & Co.

110 East 59th Street

New York, NY 10022

Attn: General Counsel

(f) Each of the Company and the
Trustee hereby represents that it has the full right and power and has been duly authorized to enter into this Agreement and to perform
its respective obligations as contemplated hereunder. The Trustee acknowledges and agrees that it shall not make any claims or proceed
against the Trust Account, including by way of set-off, and shall not be entitled to any funds in the Trust Account under any circumstance.

(g) This Agreement is the joint
product of the Trustee and the Company and each provision hereof has been subject to the mutual consultation, negotiation and agreement
of such parties and shall not be construed for or against any party hereto.

(h) Each of the Company and the
Trustee hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Representative, on behalf of the Underwriters, is a third-party beneficiary of this Agreement.

(i) Except as specified herein,
no party to this Agreement may assign its rights or delegate its obligations hereunder to any other person or entity without the prior
written consent of the other.

[Signature Page Follows]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
parties have duly executed this Investment Management Trust Agreement as of the date first written above.

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as Trustee 

By: /s/ Francis Wolf 

Name: Francis Wolf 

Title: Vice President 

Soulpower Acquisition Corporation

By: /s/ Justin Lafazan 

Name: Justin Lafazan 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

Signature Pageto

Investment Management
Trust Agreement

SCHEDULE A

Fee Item Time and method of payment Amount

Initial set-up fee Initial closing of Offering by wire transfer. $ 3,500

Trustee administration fee Payable annually. First year fee payable at initial closing of Offering by wire transfer; thereafter, payable by wire transfer or check. $ 10,000

Transaction processing fee for disbursements to Company under Sections 1(i), 1(j) and 1(k) Billed to Company following disbursement made to Company under Section 1. $ 250

Paying Agent services as required pursuant to Sections 1(i) and 1(k) Billed to Company upon delivery of service pursuant to Sections 1(i) and 1(k). Prevailing rates

Schedule A

Exhibit A

[Letterhead of Company]

[Insert date]

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1 State Street, 30th Floor

New York, New York 10004

Attn: Francis Wolf and Celeste Gonzalez

Re: Trust
AccountTermination Letter

Dear Mr. Wolf and Ms. Gonzalez:

Pursuant to Section 1(i) of
the Investment Management Trust Agreement between Soulpower Acquisition Corporation (the Company) and Continental
Stock Transfer & Trust Company (the Trustee), dated as of _____, 2025 (the Trust Agreement),
this is to advise you that the Company has entered into an agreement with [] (the Target Business)
to consummate a business combination with Target Business (the Business Combination) on or about [insert date].
The Company shall notify you at least seventy-two (72) hours in advance of the actual date of the consummation of the Business Combination
(the Consummation Date). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in
the Trust Agreement.

In accordance with the terms of
the Trust Agreement, we hereby authorize you to commence to liquidate all of the assets of the Trust Account and to transfer the proceeds
into the trust operating account in the United States at JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. to the effect that, on the Consummation Date, all
of the funds held in the Trust Account will be immediately available for transfer to the account or accounts that the Company shall direct
on the Consummation Date (including as directed to it by the Representative on behalf of the Underwriters with respect to the Deferred
Discount). It is acknowledged and agreed that while the funds are on deposit in the trust operating account at [*] awaiting distribution,
the Company will not earn any interest or dividends.

On the Consummation Date (i) counsel
for the Company shall deliver to you written notification that the Business Combination has been consummated, or will be consummated concurrently
with your transfer of funds to the accounts as directed by the Company (the Notification), (ii) the Company
shall deliver to you (a) a certificate of the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Company, which verifies that the
Business Combination has been approved by a vote of the Companys shareholders, if a vote is held and (b) a joint written instruction
signed by the Company and the Representative with respect to the transfer of the funds held in the Trust Account, including payment of
amounts owed to Public Shareholders who have properly exercised their redemption rights and payment of the Deferred Discount directly
to the account or accounts directed by the Representative from the Trust Account (the Instruction Letter).
You are hereby directed and authorized to transfer the funds held in the Trust Account immediately upon your receipt of the Notification
and the Instruction Letter, in accordance with the terms of the Instruction Letter. In the event that certain deposits held in the Trust
Account may not be liquidated by the Consummation Date without penalty, you will notify the Company in writing of the same and the Company
shall direct you as to whether such funds should remain in the Trust Account and be distributed after the Consummation Date to the Company.
Upon the distribution of all the funds, net of any payments necessary for reasonable unreimbursed expenses related to liquidating the
Trust Account, your obligations under the Trust Agreement shall be terminated.

In the event that the Business
Combination is not consummated on the Consummation Date described in the notice thereof and we have not notified you on or before the
original Consummation Date of a new Consummation Date, then upon receipt by the Trustee of written instructions from the Company, the
funds held in the Trust Account shall be reinvested as provided in Section 1(c) of the Trust Agreement on the business
day immediately following the Consummation Date as set forth in such written instructions as soon thereafter as possible.

Very truly yours,

Soulpower Acquisition Corporation

By: 

Name: Justin Lafazan 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

Agreed and acknowledged by: 

Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Exhibit B

[Letterhead of Company]

[Insert date]

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1 State Street, 30th Floor

New York, New York 10004

Attn: Francis Wolf and Celeste Gonzalez

Re: Trust
AccountTermination Letter

Dear Mr. Wolf and Ms. Gonzalez:

Pursuant to Section 1(i) of
the Investment Management Trust Agreement between Soulpower Acquisition Corporation (the Company) and Continental
Stock Transfer & Trust Company (the Trustee), dated as of _____, 2025 (the Trust Agreement),
this is to advise you that [the Company has been unable to effect a business combination with a Target Business within the time frame
specified in the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, as may be amended from time to time (the
Memorandum and Articles)] OR [the Companys board of directors has determined to terminate the period
in which the Company must consummate a Business Combination on ____, 20___ pursuant to the Companys memorandum and articles of
association, as may be amended from time to time (the Memorandum and Articles)] as described in the Companys
Prospectus relating to the Offering. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Trust Agreement.

In accordance with the terms of
the Trust Agreement, we hereby authorize you to liquidate all of the assets in the Trust Account and to transfer the total proceeds into
the trust operating account in the United States at JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. to await distribution to the Public Shareholders, less
taxes payable and up to $100,000 to cover dissolution expenses of the Company. In accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement, you
are hereby directed and authorized to transfer (via wire transfer) such $_____ promptly upon your receipt of this letter to the Companys
operating account at:

[WIRE INSTRUCTION INFORMATION]

The Company has selected [],
20[ ]1 as the effective date for the purpose of determining when the Public Shareholders will be entitled
to receive their share of the liquidation proceeds. You agree to be the Paying Agent of record and, in your separate capacity as Paying
Agent, agree to distribute said funds directly to the Companys Public Shareholders in accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement
and the Memorandum and Articles of Association. Upon the distribution of all the funds, net of any payments necessary for reasonable unreimbursed
expenses related to liquidating the Trust Account, your obligations under the Trust Agreement shall be terminated, except to the extent
otherwise provided in Section 1(j) of the Trust Agreement.

Very truly yours,

Soulpower Acquisition Corporation

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

cc: Cantor
Fitzgerald & Co.

1 24
months after the closing date of the Offering, such earlier date as the Companys board of directors may approve, or such later
date as the Companys shareholders may approve.

Exhibit C

[Letterhead of Company]

[Insert date]

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1 State Street, 30th Floor

New York, New York 10004

Attn: Francis Wolf and Celeste Gonzalez

Re: Trust
AccountTax Payment Withdrawal Instruction

Dear Mr. Wolf and Ms. Gonzalez:

Pursuant to Section 1(j) of
the Investment Management Trust Agreement between Soulpower Acquisition Corporation (the Company) and Continental
Stock Transfer & Trust Company (the Trustee), dated as of _____, 2025 (the Trust Agreement),
the Company hereby requests that you deliver to the Company $[] of the interest income earned on the Property as of the date hereof.
Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Trust Agreement.

The Company needs such funds to
pay for the tax obligations as set forth on the attached tax return or tax statement. In accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement,
you are hereby directed and authorized to transfer (via wire transfer) such funds promptly upon your receipt of this letter to the Companys
operating account at:

[WIRE INSTRUCTION INFORMATION]

Very truly yours,

Soulpower Acquisition Corporation

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

cc: Cantor
Fitzgerald & Co.

Exhibit D

[Letterhead of Company]

[Insert date]

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1 State Street, 30th Floor

New York, New York 10004

Attn: Francis Wolf and Celeste Gonzalez

Re: Trust
AccountShareholder Redemption Withdrawal Instruction

Dear Mr. Wolf and Ms. Gonzalez:

Pursuant to Section 1(k) of
the Investment Management Trust Agreement between Soulpower Acquisition Corporation (the Company) and Continental
Stock Transfer & Trust Company (the Trustee), dated as of _____, 2025 (the Trust Agreement),
the Company hereby requests that you deliver to the redeeming Public Shareholders of the Company $[] of the principal and interest
income earned on the Property as of the date hereof to a segregated account held by you on behalf of the Beneficiaries for distribution
to the Public Shareholders who have requested redemption of their Ordinary Shares. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall
have the meanings set forth in the Trust Agreement.

The Company needs such funds to
pay its Public Shareholders who have properly elected to have their Ordinary Shares redeemed by the Company in connection with a shareholder
vote to approve an amendment to the Companys memorandum and articles of association, as may be amended from time to time (the Memorandum
and Articles) not for the purposes of approving, or in conjunction with the consummation of, a Business Combination (A)
to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to allow redemption in connection with a Business Combination or to
redeem one hundred per cent (100%) of the Public Shares if the Company has not consummated a Business Combination within the Completion
Window or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to the rights of holders of Ordinary Shares or pre-initial Business
Combination activity. As such, you are hereby directed and authorized to transfer (via wire transfer) such funds promptly upon your receipt
of this letter to the redeeming Public Shareholders in accordance with your customary procedures.

Very truly yours,

Soulpower Acquisition Corporation

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

cc: Cantor
Fitzgerald & Co.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex10-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

THIS REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT (this Agreement),
dated as of April 1, 2025, is made and entered into by and among Soulpower Acquisition Corporation., a Cayman Islands exempted company
(the Company), Soulpower Acquisition Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor),
Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., a New York general partnership (the Representative) (the Sponsor and the Representative
together with any person or entity who hereafter becomes a party to this Agreement pursuant to Section 5.2 of this Agreement, a
Holder and collectively the Holders).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, the Company intends to consummate
an initial public offering of the Companys units (the IPO), each unit consisting of one Class
A Ordinary Share, par value $0.0001 per share (the Ordinary Shares), of the Company, and one right to receive
one-tenth (1/10) of one Ordinary Share upon the consummation of the Companys initial business combination (a Public
Share Right);

WHEREAS, the Company has 8,433,333 Class B
ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share (the Founder Shares), issued and outstanding, up to 1,100,000
of which will be surrendered to the Company for no consideration depending on the extent to which the underwriters of the Companys
initial public offering exercise their over-allotment option;

WHEREAS, the Founder Shares are convertible
into Ordinary Shares, on the terms and conditions provided in the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association;

WHEREAS, on the date hereof, the Company and
the Sponsor have entered into that certain Sponsor Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement (the Sponsor Private Placement
Units Purchase Agreement), pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed to purchase an aggregate of 400,000 units (the Sponsor
Private Placement Units), each Private Placement Unit consisting of one Ordinary Share (the Sponsor Private
Placement Shares) and one right (a Sponsor Private Share Right) to receive one-tenth (1/10)
of one Ordinary Share upon the consummation of the Companys initial business combination (whether or not the over-allotment option
in connection with the IPO is exercised in full) in a private placement transaction occurring simultaneously with the closing of the IPO;

WHEREAS, on the date hereof, the Company and
the Representative have entered into that certain Representative Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement (the Representative
Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement and together with the Sponsor Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement, the
Private Placement Units Purchase Agreements), pursuant to which the Representative or its designees agreed
to purchase an aggregate of 220,000 units (the Representative Private Placement Units and together with the
Sponsor Private Placement Units, the Private Placement Units), each Representative Private Placement Unit
consisting of one Ordinary Share (the Representative Private Placement Shares and together with the Sponsor
Private Placement Shares, the Private Placement Shares) and one right (each, a Representative
Private Share Right) to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one Ordinary Share upon the consummation of the Companys initial
business combination (whether or not the over-allotment option in connection with the IPO is exercised in full) in a private placement
transaction occurring simultaneously with the closing of the IPO;

WHEREAS, in order to finance the Companys
transaction costs in connection with its search for and consummation of an initial Business Combination (as defined below), the Sponsor,
its affiliates or any of the Companys officers and directors may loan to the Company funds as the Company may require, of which
up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into additional units (the Working Capital Units) at a
price of $10.00 per Working Capital Unit at the option of the lender. Each Working Capital Unit will consist of one Ordinary Share (the
Working Capital Shares) and one Private Share Right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one Ordinary Share upon
the consummation of the Companys initial business combination; and 

WHEREAS, the Company and the Holders desire
to enter into this Agreement, pursuant to which the Company shall grant the Holders certain registration rights with respect to certain
securities of the Company, as set forth in this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the representations,
covenants and agreements contained herein, and certain other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are
hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:

ARTICLE 1

DEFINITIONS

1.1 Definitions. The terms defined in this ARTICLE 1 shall, for all purposes of
this Agreement, have the respective meanings set forth below:

Adverse Disclosure
shall mean any public disclosure of material non-public information, which disclosure, in the good faith judgment of the principal executive
officer or principal financial officer of the Company, after consultation with counsel to the Company, (i) would be required to be made
in any Registration Statement or Prospectus in order for the applicable Registration Statement or Prospectus not to contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained therein (in the case of any prospectus
and any preliminary prospectus, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading, (ii) would not be required
to be made at such time if the Registration Statement were not being filed, and (iii) the Company has a bona fide business purpose for
not making such information public.

Agreement
shall have the meaning given in the Preamble.

Board
shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company.

Business Combination
shall mean any merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or other similar business combination involving
the Company and one or more businesses or entities.

Commission
shall mean the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Company
shall have the meaning given in the Preamble.

Demand Registration
shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.1.

Demanding Holder
shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.1.

Exchange Act
shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as it may be amended from time to time.

Form S-1
shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.1.

Form S-3
shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.3.

Founder Shares
shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto and shall be deemed to include the Ordinary Shares issuable upon conversion thereof.

Founder Shares Lock-up
Period shall mean, with respect to the Founder Shares and any Ordinary Shares issuable upon conversion thereof, the period
ending on the earlier of (i) one year after the completion of the Companys initial Business Combination or earlier if, subsequent
to the completion of the Business Combination, the closing price of the Class A Ordinary Shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as
adjusted for share sub-divisions, share consolidations, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any
20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the Companys initial Business Combination
and (ii) subsequent to the initial Business Combination, the date on which the Company completes a subsequent liquidation, merger, share
exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of the Companys shareholders having the right to exchange
their Class A Ordinary Shares for cash, securities or other property. 

Holders
shall have the meaning given in the Preamble.

Insider Letter
shall mean that certain letter agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and among the Company, the Sponsor and each of the Companys
officers and directors.

IPO
shall have the meaning given in the Preamble.

Maximum Number of
Securities shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.4.

2 

Misstatement
shall mean an untrue statement of a material fact or an omission to state a material fact required to be stated in a Registration Statement
or Prospectus, or necessary to make the statements in a Registration Statement or Prospectus (in the light of the circumstances under
which they were made) not misleading.

Ordinary Shares
shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Permitted Transferees
shall mean any person or entity to whom a Holder of Registrable Securities is permitted to transfer such Registrable Securities prior
to the expiration of the Founder Shares Lock-up Period, Private Placement Lock-up Period or any other lock-up period, as the case may
be, under the Insider Letter, the Private Placement Units Purchase Agreements, this Agreement and any other applicable agreement between
such Holder and the Company, and to any transferee thereafter.

Piggyback Registration
shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.2.1.

Private Placement
Lock-up Period shall mean, with respect to Private Placement Units (and the underlying securities), that are held by the
initial purchasers of such Private Placement Units or their Permitted Transferees, the period ending 30 days after the completion of the
Companys initial Business Combination.

Private Placement
Shares shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Private Placement
Units shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Private Placement
Units Purchase Agreements shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Pro Rata
shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.4 of this Agreement.

Prospectus
shall mean the prospectus included in any Registration Statement, as supplemented by any and all prospectus supplements and as amended
by any and all post-effective amendments and including all material incorporated by reference in such prospectus. 

Registrable Security
shall mean (a) the Founder Shares (including any Ordinary Shares or other equivalent equity security issued or issuable upon the conversion
of any of the Founder Shares or exercisable for Ordinary Shares), (b) the Private Placement Units (including any Ordinary Shares underlying
the Private Placement Units and any Ordinary Shares issued or issuable upon the conversion of the Private Share Rights), (c) any outstanding
Ordinary Shares or any other equity security (including the Ordinary Shares issued or issuable upon the exercise of any other equity security)
of the Company held by a Holder as of the date of this Agreement or acquired prior to or in connection with the Business Combination,
which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall include any Ordinary Shares received by a Holder on or after the date hereof as a distribution
from the Sponsor in connection with its liquidation and dissolution, (d) any Working Capital Units (including any Ordinary Shares underlying
the Working Capital Units and any Ordinary Shares issued or issuable upon the conversion of the underlying Private Share Rights included
in the Working Capital Units), (e) any equity securities (including the Ordinary Shares issued or issuable upon the exercise of any such
equity security) of the Company held by a Holder on or after the date of the Business Combination to the extent that such securities are
restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) or are otherwise held by an affiliate (as defined in Rule 144)
of the Company and (f) any other equity security of the Company issued or issuable with respect to any such Ordinary Share by way of a
share capitalization or share sub-division or in connection with a combination of shares, recapitalization, merger, consolidation or reorganization;
provided, however, that, as to any particular Registrable Security, such securities shall cease to be Registrable Securities when: (A)
a Registration Statement with respect to the sale of such securities shall have become effective under the Securities Act and such securities
shall have been sold, transferred, disposed of or exchanged in accordance with such Registration Statement; (B) such securities shall
have been otherwise transferred, new certificates for such securities not bearing a legend restricting further transfer shall have been
delivered by the Company and subsequent public distribution of such securities shall not require registration under the Securities Act;
(C) such securities shall have ceased to be outstanding; (D) such securities may be sold without registration pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated
under the Securities Act (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission) (but with no volume or other restrictions or
limitations including as to manner or timing of sale or current public information requirements); or (E) such securities have been sold
to, or through, a broker, dealer or underwriter in a public distribution or other public securities transaction.

Registration
shall mean a registration effected by preparing and filing a registration statement or similar document in compliance with the requirements
of the Securities Act, and the applicable rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and such registration statement becoming effective.

3 

Registration Expenses
shall mean the out-of-pocket expenses of a Registration, including, without limitation, the following:

(A) all registration and filing fees (including
fees with respect to filings required to be made with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. and any securities exchange on
which the Ordinary Shares are then listed);

(B) fees and expenses of compliance with
securities or blue sky laws (including reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Underwriters in connection with blue sky qualifications
of Registrable Securities);

(C) printing, messenger, telephone and delivery
expenses;

(D) reasonable fees and disbursements of
counsel for the Company;

(E) reasonable fees and disbursements of
all independent registered public accountants of the Company incurred specifically in connection with such Registration; and

(F) reasonable fees and expenses of one
(1) legal counsel selected by the majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders initiating a Demand Registration to be registered for
offer and sale in the applicable Registration.

Registration Statement
shall mean any registration statement that covers the Registrable Securities pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement, including the
Prospectus included in such registration statement, amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements to such registration
statement, and all exhibits to and all material incorporated by reference in such registration statement.

Representative
shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Representative Private
Placement Units shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Representative Private
Placement Units Purchase Agreement shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Representative Private
Share Right shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Requesting Holder
shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.1.

Securities Act
shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time.

Shelf
shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.3.1.

Sponsor
shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Sponsor Private Placement
Units shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Sponsor Private Placement
Units Purchase Agreement shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Sponsor Private Placement
Shares shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Sponsor Private
Share Rights shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto. 

Subsequent Shelf
Registration shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.3.2.

Takedown Requesting
Holder shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.3.3.

Underwriter
shall mean a securities dealer who purchases any Registrable Securities as principal in an Underwritten Offering and not as part of such
dealers market-making activities.

Underwritten Registration
or Underwritten Offering shall mean a Registration in which securities of the Company are sold to an Underwriter
in a firm commitment underwriting for distribution to the public.

Underwritten Shelf
Takedown shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.3.3.

Working Capital Units
shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

4 

ARTICLE 2

REGISTRATIONS

2.1 Demand Registration.

2.1.1 Request for Registration. Subject to the provisions of
subsection 2.1.4 and Section 2.4 hereof, at any time and from time to time on or after the date the Company consummates
the Business Combination, (i) the Holders of at least a majority of the then-outstanding number of Registrable Securities or (ii) the
Representative or its designees or Permitted Transferees (the Demanding Holders) may make a written demand
for Registration of all or part of their Registrable Securities, which written demand shall describe the amount and type of securities
to be included in such Registration and the intended method(s) of distribution thereof (such written demand a Demand Registration).
The Company shall, within ten (10) days of the Companys receipt of the Demand Registration, notify, in writing, all other Holders
of Registrable Securities of such demand, and each Holder of Registrable Securities who thereafter wishes to include all or a portion
of such Holders Registrable Securities in a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration (each such Holder that includes all
or a portion of such Holders Registrable Securities in such Registration, a Requesting Holder) shall
so notify the Company, in writing, within five (5) days after the receipt by the Holder of the notice from the Company. Upon receipt
by the Company of any such written notification from a Requesting Holder(s) to the Company, such Requesting Holder(s) shall be entitled
to have their Registrable Securities included in a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration and the Company shall effect, as soon
thereafter as practicable, but not more than forty five (45) days immediately after the Companys receipt of the Demand Registration,
the Registration of all Registrable Securities requested by the Demanding Holders and Requesting Holders pursuant to such Demand Registration.
Under no circumstances shall the Company be obligated to effect more than an aggregate of three (3) Registrations pursuant to a Demand
Registration under this subsection 2.1.1 with respect to any or all Registrable Securities, including one (1) Demand Registration
on behalf of the Representative or its designees or Permitted Transferees; provided, however, that a Registration shall not be counted
for such purposes unless a Form S-1 or any similar long-form registration statement that may be available at such time (Form
S-1) has become effective and all of the Registrable Securities requested by the Requesting Holders to be registered on
behalf of the Requesting Holders in such Form S-1 Registration have been sold, in accordance with Section 3.1 of this Agreement;
provided, further, that an Underwritten Shelf Takedown shall not count as a Demand Registration.

2.1.2 Effective Registration. Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection 2.1.1 above or any other part of this Agreement, a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration shall not count as a Registration unless and until (i) the Registration Statement filed with the Commission with respect to a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration has been declared effective by the Commission and (ii) the Company has complied with all of its obligations under this Agreement with respect thereto; provided, further, that if, after such Registration Statement has been declared effective, an offering of Registrable Securities in a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration is subsequently interfered with by any stop order or injunction of the Commission, federal or state court or any other governmental agency the Registration Statement with respect to such Registration shall be deemed not to have been declared effective, unless and until, (i) such stop order or injunction is removed, rescinded or otherwise terminated, and (ii) a majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders initiating such Demand Registration thereafter affirmatively elect to continue with such Registration and accordingly notify the Company in writing, but in no event later than five (5) days, of such election; and provided, further, that the Company shall not be obligated or required to file another Registration Statement until the Registration Statement that has been previously filed with respect to a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration becomes effective or is subsequently terminated. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Representative may not exercise its demand registration rights after five (5) years from the commencement of sales in the Companys initial public offering, and may not exercise its demand rights on more than one occasion.

5 

2.1.3 Underwritten Offering. Subject to the provisions of subsection 2.1.4 and Section 2.4 hereof, if a majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders so advise the Company as part of their Demand Registration that the offering of the Registrable Securities pursuant to such Demand Registration shall be in the form of an Underwritten Offering, then the right of such Demanding Holder or Requesting Holder (if any) to include its Registrable Securities in such Registration shall be conditioned upon such Holders participation in such Underwritten Offering and the inclusion of such Holders Registrable Securities in such Underwritten Offering to the extent provided herein. All such Holders proposing to distribute their Registrable Securities through an Underwritten Offering under this subsection 2.1.3 shall enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the Underwriter(s) selected for such Underwritten Offering by the majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders initiating the Demand Registration.

2.1.4 Reduction of Underwritten Offering. If the managing Underwriter or Underwriters in an Underwritten Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration, in good faith, advises the Company, the Demanding Holders and the Requesting Holders (if any) in writing that the dollar amount or number of Registrable Securities that the Demanding Holders and the Requesting Holders (if any) desire to sell, taken together with all other Ordinary Shares or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell and the Ordinary Shares, if any, as to which a Registration has been requested pursuant to separate written contractual piggy-back registration rights held by any other shareholders who desire to sell, exceeds the maximum dollar amount or maximum number of equity securities that can be sold in the Underwritten Offering without adversely affecting the proposed offering price, the timing, the distribution method, or the probability of success of such offering (such maximum dollar amount or maximum number of such securities, as applicable, the Maximum Number of Securities), then the Company shall include in such Underwritten Offering, as follows: (i) first, the Registrable Securities of the Demanding Holders and the Requesting Holders (if any) (pro rata based on the respective number of Registrable Securities that each Demanding Holder and Requesting Holder (if any) has requested be included in such Underwritten Registration and the aggregate number of Registrable Securities that the Demanding Holders and Requesting Holders have requested be included in such Underwritten Registration (such proportion is referred to herein as Pro Rata)) that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (ii) second, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clause (i), the Registrable Securities of Holders (Pro Rata, based on the respective number of Registrable Securities that each Holder has so requested) exercising their rights to register their Registrable Securities pursuant to subsection 2.2.1 hereof, without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; and (iii) third, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii), the Ordinary Shares or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; and (iv) fourth, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (i), (ii) and (iii), the Ordinary Shares or other equity securities of other persons or entities that the Company is obligated to register in a Registration pursuant to separate written contractual arrangements with such persons and that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities.

2.1.5 Demand Registration Withdrawal. A majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders initiating a Demand Registration or a majority-in-interest of the Requesting Holders (if any), pursuant to a Registration under subsection 2.1.1 shall have the right to withdraw from a Registration pursuant to such Demand Registration for any or no reason whatsoever upon written notification to the Company and the Underwriter or Underwriters (if any) of their intention to withdraw from such Registration prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement filed with the Commission with respect to the Registration of their Registrable Securities pursuant to such Demand Registration. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Company shall be responsible for the Registration Expenses incurred in connection with a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration prior to its withdrawal under this subsection 2.1.5.

6 

2.2 Piggyback Registration.

2.2.1 Piggyback Rights. If, at any time on or after the date the Company consummates a Business Combination, the Company proposes to file a Registration Statement under the Securities Act with respect to an offering of equity securities, or securities or other obligations exercisable or exchangeable for, or convertible into equity securities, for its own account or for the account of shareholders of the Company (or by the Company and by the shareholders of the Company including, without limitation, pursuant to Section 2.1 hereof), other than a Registration Statement (i) filed in connection with any employee share option or other benefit plan, (ii) for an exchange offer or offering of securities solely to the Companys existing shareholders, (iii) for an offering of debt that is convertible into equity securities of the Company or (iv) for a dividend reinvestment plan, then the Company shall give written notice of such proposed filing to all of the Holders of Registrable Securities as soon as practicable but not less than ten (10) days before the anticipated filing date of such Registration Statement, which notice shall (A) describe the amount and type of securities to be included in such offering, the intended method(s) of distribution, and the name of the proposed managing Underwriter or Underwriters, if any, in such offering, and (B) offer to all of the Holders of Registrable Securities the opportunity to register the sale of such number of Registrable Securities as such Holders may request in writing within five (5) days after receipt of such written notice (such Registration a Piggyback Registration). The Company shall, in good faith, cause such Registrable Securities to be included in such Piggyback Registration and shall use its best efforts to cause the managing Underwriter or Underwriters of a proposed Underwritten Offering to permit the Registrable Securities requested by the Holders pursuant to this subsection 2.2.1 to be included in a Piggyback Registration on the same terms and conditions as any similar securities of the Company included in such Registration and to permit the sale or other disposition of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution thereof. All such Holders proposing to distribute their Registrable Securities through an Underwritten Offering under this subsection 2.2.1 shall enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the Underwriter(s) selected for such Underwritten Offering by the Company. The notice periods set forth in this subsection 2.2.1 shall not apply to an Underwritten Shelf Takedown conducted in accordance with subsection 2.3.3. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Representative may not exercise its piggyback registration rights after seven (7) years from the effective date of the Companys initial public offering.

2.2.2 Reduction of Piggyback Registration. If the managing Underwriter or Underwriters in an Underwritten Registration that is to be a Piggyback Registration (other than an Underwritten Shelf Takedown), in good faith, advises the Company and the Holders of Registrable Securities participating in the Piggyback Registration in writing that the dollar amount or number of the Ordinary Shares that the Company desires to sell, taken together with (i) the Ordinary Shares, if any, as to which Registration has been demanded pursuant to separate written contractual arrangements with persons or entities other than the Holders of Registrable Securities hereunder (ii) the Registrable Securities as to which registration has been requested pursuant to Section 2.2 hereof, and (iii) the Ordinary Shares, if any, as to which Registration has been requested pursuant to separate written contractual piggy-back registration rights of other shareholders of the Company, exceeds the Maximum Number of Securities, then:

(a) If the Registration is undertaken for the Companys
account, the Company shall include in any such Registration (A) first, the Ordinary Shares or other equity securities that the Company
desires to sell, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (B) second, to the extent that the Maximum Number
of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clause (A), the Registrable Securities of Holders exercising their rights to register
their Registrable Securities pursuant to subsection 2.2.1 hereof (pro rata based on the respective number of Registrable Securities
that such Holder has requested be included in such Registration), which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities;
and (C) third, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A) and (B), the
Ordinary Shares, if any, as to which Registration has been requested pursuant to written contractual piggy-back registration rights of
other shareholders of the Company, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities;

7 

(b) If the Registration is pursuant to a request by persons or
entities other than the Holders of Registrable Securities, then the Company shall include in any such Registration (A) first, the Ordinary
Shares or other equity securities, if any, of such requesting persons or entities, other than the Holders of Registrable Securities,
which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (B) second, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities
has not been reached under the foregoing clause (A), the Registrable Securities of Holders exercising their rights to register their
Registrable Securities pursuant to subsection 2.2.1, pro rata based on the number of Registrable Securities that each Holder has
requested be included in such Registration and the aggregate number of Registrable Securities that the Holders have requested to be included
in such Registration, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (C) third, to the extent that the Maximum
Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A) and (B), the Ordinary Shares or other equity securities that
the Company desires to sell, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; and (D) fourth, to the extent that
the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A), (B) and (C), the Ordinary Shares or other equity
securities for the account of other persons or entities that the Company is obligated to register pursuant to separate written contractual
arrangements with such persons or entities, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities.

2.2.3 Piggyback Registration Withdrawal. Any Holder of Registrable Securities shall have the right to withdraw from a Piggyback Registration for any or no reason whatsoever upon written notification to the Company and the Underwriter or Underwriters (if any) of his, her or its intention to withdraw from such Piggyback Registration prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement filed with the Commission with respect to such Piggyback Registration. The Company (whether on its own good faith determination or as the result of a request for withdrawal by persons pursuant to separate written contractual obligations) may withdraw a Registration Statement filed with the Commission in connection with a Piggyback Registration at any time prior to the effectiveness of such Registration Statement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Company shall be responsible for the Registration Expenses incurred in connection with the Piggyback Registration prior to its withdrawal under this subsection 2.2.3.

2.2.4 Unlimited Piggyback Registration Rights. For purposes of clarity, any Registration effected pursuant to Section 2.2 hereof shall not be counted as a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration effected under Section 2.1 hereof.

2.3 Shelf Registration.

2.3.1 The Holders of Registrable Securities may at any time, and from time to time, request in writing that the Company, pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission), register the resale of any or all of their Registrable Securities on Form S-3 or any similar short form registration statement that may be available at such time (Form S-3), or if the Company is ineligible to use Form S-3, on Form S-1; a registration statement filed pursuant to this subsection 2.3.1 (a Shelf) shall provide for the resale of the Registrable Securities included therein pursuant to any method or combination of methods legally available to, and requested by, any Holder. Within five (5) days of the Companys receipt of a written request from a Holder or Holders of Registrable Securities for a Registration on a Shelf, the Company shall promptly give written notice of the proposed Registration to all other Holders of Registrable Securities, and each Holder of Registrable Securities who thereafter wishes to include all or a portion of such Holders Registrable Securities in such Registration shall so notify the Company, in writing, within ten (10) days after the receipt by the Holder of the notice from the Company. As soon as practicable thereafter, but not more than twelve (12) days after the Companys initial receipt of such written request for a Registration on a Shelf, the Company shall register all or such portion of such Holders Registrable Securities as are specified in such written request, together with all or such portion of Registrable Securities of any other Holder or Holders joining in such request as are specified in the written notification given by such Holder or Holders; provided, however, that the Company shall not be obligated to effect any such Registration pursuant to this subsection 2.3.1 if the Holders of Registrable Securities, together with the Holders of any other equity securities of the Company entitled to inclusion in such Registration, propose to sell the Registrable Securities and such other equity securities (if any) at any aggregate price to the public of less than $10,000,000. The Company shall maintain each Shelf in accordance with the terms hereof, and shall prepare and file with the SEC such amendments, including post-effective amendments, and supplements as may be necessary to keep such Shelf continuously effective, available for use and in compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act until such time as there are no longer any Registrable Securities included on such Shelf. In the event the Company files a Shelf on Form S-1, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to convert the Form S-1 to a Form S-3 as soon as practicable after the Company is eligible to use Form S-3.

8 

2.3.2 If any Shelf ceases to be effective under the Securities Act for any reason at any time while Registrable Securities included thereon are still outstanding, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to as promptly as is reasonably practicable cause such Shelf to again become effective under the Securities Act (including obtaining the prompt withdrawal of any order suspending the effectiveness of such Shelf), and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to as promptly as is reasonably practicable amend such Shelf in a manner reasonably expected to result in the withdrawal of any order suspending the effectiveness of such Shelf or file an additional registration statement (a Subsequent Shelf Registration) registering the resale of all Registrable Securities including on such Shelf, and pursuant to any method or combination of methods legally available to, and requested by, any Holder. If a Subsequent Shelf Registration is filed, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to (i) cause such Subsequent Shelf Registration to become effective under the Securities Act as promptly as is reasonably practicable after the filing thereof and (ii) keep such Subsequent Shelf Registration continuously effective, available for use and in compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act until such time as there are no longer any Registrable Securities included thereon. Any such Subsequent Shelf Registration shall be on Form S-3 to the extent that the Company is eligible to use such form. Otherwise, such Subsequent Shelf Registration shall be on another appropriate form. In the event that any Holder holds Registrable Securities that are not registered for resale on a delayed or continuous basis, the Company, upon request of a Holder shall promptly use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the resale of such Registrable Securities to be covered by either, at the Companys option, a Shelf (including by means of a post-effective amendment) or a Subsequent Shelf Registration and cause the same to become effective as soon as practicable after such filing and such Shelf or Subsequent Shelf Registration shall be subject to the terms hereof; provided, however, the Company shall only be required to cause such Registrable Securities to be so covered once annually after inquiry of the Holders.

2.3.3 At any time and from time to time after a Shelf has been declared effective by the Commission, each of the Sponsor and the Representative may request to sell all or any portion of its Registrable Securities in an underwritten offering that is registered pursuant to the Shelf (each, an Underwritten Shelf Takedown); provided that the Company shall only be obligated to effect an Underwritten Shelf Takedown if such offering shall include securities with a total offering price (including piggyback securities and before deduction of underwriting discounts) reasonably expected to exceed, in the aggregate, $10,000,000. All requests for Underwritten Shelf Takedowns shall be made by giving written notice to the Company at least 48 hours prior to the public announcement of such Underwritten Shelf Takedown, which shall specify the approximate number of Registrable Securities proposed to be sold in the Underwritten Shelf Takedown and the expected price range (net of underwriting discounts and commissions) of such Underwritten Shelf Takedown. The Company shall include in any Underwritten Shelf Takedown the securities requested to be included by any holder (each a Takedown Requesting Holder) at least 24 hours prior to the public announcement of such Underwritten Shelf Takedown pursuant to written contractual piggyback registration rights of such holder (including to those set forth herein). The Sponsor shall have the right to select the underwriter(s) for such offering (which shall consist of one or more reputable nationally recognized investment banks), subject to the Companys prior approval which shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. For purposes of clarity, any Registration effected pursuant to this subsection 2.3.3 shall not be counted as a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration effected under Section 2.1 hereof.

9 

2.3.4 If the managing Underwriter or Underwriters in an Underwritten Shelf Takedown, in good faith, advises the Company, the Sponsor, the Representative and the Takedown Requesting Holders (if any) in writing that the dollar amount or number of Registrable Securities that the Sponsor, the Representative and the Takedown Requesting Holders (if any) desire to sell, taken together with all other Ordinary Shares or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell, exceeds the Maximum Number of Securities, then the Company shall include in such Underwritten Shelf Takedown, as follows: (i) first, the Registrable Securities of the Sponsor and the Representative that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities, determined Pro Rata based on the respective number of Registrable Securities that each such Holder has so requested to be included in such Underwritten Shelf Takedown; (ii) second, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clause (i), the Ordinary Shares or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; and (iii) third, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii), the Ordinary Shares or other equity securities of the Takedown Requesting Holders, if any, that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities, determined Pro Rata based on the respective number of Registrable Securities that each Takedown Requesting Holder has so requested to be included in such Underwritten Shelf Takedown.

2.3.5 The Sponsor and Representative shall have the right to withdraw from an Underwritten Shelf Takedown for any or no reason whatsoever upon written notification to the Company and the Underwriter or Underwriters (if any) of its intention to withdraw from such Underwritten Shelf Takedown prior to the public announcement of such Underwritten Shelf Takedown. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Company shall be responsible for the Registration Expenses incurred in connection with an Underwritten Shelf Takedown prior to a withdrawal under this subsection 2.3.5.

2.4 Restrictions on Registration Rights. If (A) during
the period starting with the date sixty (60) days prior to the Companys good faith estimate of the date of the filing of, and
ending on a date one hundred and twenty (120) days after the effective date of, a Company initiated Registration and provided that the
Company has delivered written notice to the Holders prior to receipt of a Demand Registration pursuant to subsection 2.1.1 and
it continues to actively employ, in good faith, all reasonable efforts to cause the applicable Registration Statement to become effective;
(B) the Holders have requested an Underwritten Registration and the Company and the Holders are unable to obtain the commitment of underwriters
to firmly underwrite the offer; or (C) in the good faith judgment of the Board such Registration would be seriously detrimental to the
Company and the Board concludes as a result that it is essential to defer the filing of such Registration Statement at such time, then
in each case the Company shall furnish to such Holders a certificate signed by the Chairperson of the Board stating that in the good
faith judgment of the Board it would be seriously detrimental to the Company for such Registration Statement to be filed in the near
future and that it is therefore essential to defer the filing of such Registration Statement. In such event, the Company shall have the
right to defer such filing for a period of not more than thirty (30) days; provided, however, that the Company shall not defer its obligation
in this manner more than once in any 12-month period.

2.5 Legends. In connection with any sale or other disposition
of the Registrable Securities by a Holder pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act (or any successor rule promulgated
thereafter by the Commission) and upon compliance by the Holder with the requirements of this Section 2.5, if requested by the
Holder, the Company shall cause the transfer agent for the Registrable Securities (the Transfer Agent) to
remove any restrictive legends related to the book entry account holding such Registrable Securities and make a new, unlegended entry
for such book entry shares sold or disposed of without restrictive legends within two (2) trading days of any such request therefor from
the Holder; provided that the Company and the Transfer Agent have timely received from the Holder customary representations and other
documentation reasonably acceptable to the Company and the Transfer Agent in connection therewith. Subject to receipt from the Holder
by the Company and the Transfer Agent of customary representations and other documentation reasonably acceptable to the Company and the
Transfer Agent in connection therewith, the Holder may request that the Company remove any legend from the book entry position evidencing
its Registrable Securities and the Company will, if required by the Transfer Agent, use its commercially reasonable efforts cause an
opinion of the Companys counsel be provided, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Transfer Agent, to the effect that the removal
of such restrictive legends in such circumstances may be effected under the Securities Act, following the earliest of such time as such
Registrable Securities (i) are subject to or have been or are about to be sold pursuant to an effective registration statement or (ii)
have been or are about to be sold pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter
by the Commission). If restrictive legends are no longer required for such Registrable Securities pursuant to the foregoing, the Company
shall, in accordance with the provisions of this section and within two (2) trading days of any request therefor from the Holder accompanied
by such customary and reasonably acceptable representations and other documentation referred to above establishing that restrictive legends
are no longer required, deliver to the Transfer Agent irrevocable instructions that the Transfer Agent shall make a new, unlegended entry
for such book entry shares. The Company shall be responsible for the fees of its Transfer Agent, its legal counsel and all DTC fees associated
with such issuance.

10 

ARTICLE 3

COMPANY PROCEDURES

3.1 General Procedures. If at any time on or after the
date the Company consummates a Business Combination the Company is required to effect the Registration of Registrable Securities, the
Company shall use its best efforts to effect such Registration to permit the sale of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the
intended plan of distribution thereof, and pursuant thereto the Company shall, as expeditiously as possible:

3.1.1 prepare and file with the Commission as soon as practicable a Registration Statement with respect to such Registrable Securities and use its reasonable best efforts to cause such Registration Statement to become effective and remain effective until all Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement have been sold;

3.1.2 prepare and file with the Commission such amendments and post-effective amendments to the Registration Statement, and such supplements to the Prospectus, as may be requested by the Holders or any Underwriter of Registrable Securities or as may be required by the rules, regulations or instructions applicable to the registration form used by the Company or by the Securities Act or rules and regulations thereunder to keep the Registration Statement effective until all Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement are sold in accordance with the intended plan of distribution set forth in such Registration Statement or supplement to the Prospectus;

3.1.3 prior to filing a Registration Statement or prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto, furnish without charge to the Underwriters, if any, and the Holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration, and such Holders and Underwriters legal counsel, copies of such Registration Statement as proposed to be filed, each amendment and supplement to such Registration Statement (in each case including all exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein), the Prospectus included in such Registration Statement (including each preliminary Prospectus), and such other documents as the Underwriters and the Holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration or the legal counsel for any such Holders and Underwriters may request in order to facilitate the disposition of the Registrable Securities owned by such Holders;

3.1.4 prior to any public offering of Registrable Securities, use its best efforts to (i) register or qualify the Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement under such securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions in the United States as the Holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement (in light of their intended plan of distribution) may request and (ii) take such action necessary to cause such Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement to be registered with or approved by such other governmental authorities as may be necessary by virtue of the business and operations of the Company and do any and all other acts and things that may be necessary or advisable to enable the Holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement to consummate the disposition of such Registrable Securities in such jurisdictions; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to qualify generally to do business in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to qualify or take any action to which it would be subject to general service of process or taxation in any such jurisdiction where it is not then otherwise so subject;

3.1.5 cause all such Registrable Securities to be listed on each securities exchange or automated quotation system on which similar securities issued by the Company are then listed;

11 

3.1.6 provide a transfer agent or warrant agent, as applicable, and registrar for all such Registrable Securities no later than the effective date of such Registration Statement;

3.1.7 advise each seller of such Registrable Securities, promptly after it shall receive notice or obtain knowledge thereof, of the issuance of any stop order by the Commission suspending the effectiveness of such Registration Statement or the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose and promptly use its reasonable best efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order or to obtain its withdrawal if such stop order should be issued;

3.1.8 at least five (5) days prior to the filing of any Registration Statement or Prospectus or any amendment or supplement to such Registration Statement furnish a copy thereof to each seller of such Registrable Securities and its counsel, including, without limitation, providing copies promptly upon receipt of any comment letters received with respect to any such Registration Statement or Prospectus;

3.1.9 notify the Holders at any time when a Prospectus relating to such Registration Statement is required to be delivered under the Securities Act, of the happening of any event as a result of which the Prospectus included in such Registration Statement, as then in effect, includes a Misstatement, and then to correct such Misstatement as set forth in Section 3.4 hereof;

3.1.10 permit a representative of the Holders (such representative to be selected by a majority of the participating Holders), the Underwriters, if any, and any attorney or accountant retained by such Holders or Underwriter to participate, at each such persons own expense, in the preparation of the Registration Statement, and cause the Companys officers, directors and employees to supply all information reasonably requested by any such representative, Underwriter, attorney or accountant in connection with the Registration; provided, however, that such representatives or Underwriters enter into a confidentiality agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Company, prior to the release or disclosure of any such information; and provided further, the Company may not include the name of any Holder or Underwriter or any information regarding any Holder or Underwriter in any Registration Statement or Prospectus, any amendment or supplement to such Registration Statement or Prospectus, any document that is to be incorporated by reference into such Registration Statement or Prospectus, or any response to any comment letter, without the prior written consent of such Holder or Underwriter and providing each such Holder or Underwriter a reasonable amount of time to review and comment on such applicable document, which comments the Company shall include unless contrary to applicable law;

3.1.11 obtain a cold comfort letter from the Companys independent registered public accountants in the event of an Underwritten Registration which the participating Holders may rely on, in customary form and covering such matters of the type customarily covered by cold comfort letters as the managing Underwriter may reasonably request, and reasonably satisfactory to a majority-in-interest of the participating Holders;

3.1.12 on the date the Registrable Securities are delivered for sale pursuant to such Registration, obtain an opinion, dated such date, of counsel representing the Company for the purposes of such Registration, addressed to the Holders, the placement agent or sales agent, if any, and the Underwriters, if any, covering such legal matters with respect to the Registration in respect of which such opinion is being given as the Holders, placement agent, sales agent, or Underwriter may reasonably request and as are customarily included in such opinions and negative assurance letters, and reasonably satisfactory to a majority in interest of the participating Holders;

12 

3.1.13 in the event of any Underwritten Offering, enter into and perform its obligations under an underwriting agreement, in usual and customary form, with the managing Underwriter of such offering;

3.1.14 make available to its security holders, as soon as reasonably practicable, an earnings statement covering the period of at least twelve (12) months beginning with the first day of the Companys first full calendar quarter after the effective date of the Registration Statement which satisfies the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act and Rule 158 thereunder (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission);

3.1.15 if the Registration involves the Registration of Registrable Securities involving gross proceeds in excess of $25,000,000, use its reasonable efforts to make available senior executives of the Company to participate in customary road show presentations that may be reasonably requested by the Underwriter in any Underwritten Offering; and

3.1.16 otherwise, in good faith, cooperate reasonably with, and take such customary actions as may reasonably be requested by the Holders, in connection with such Registration.

3.2 Registration Expenses. The Registration Expenses of
all Registrations shall be borne by the Company. It is acknowledged by the Holders that the Holders shall bear all incremental selling
expenses relating to the sale of Registrable Securities, such as Underwriters commissions and discounts, brokerage fees, Underwriter
marketing costs and, other than as set forth in the definition of Registration Expenses, all reasonable fees and expenses
of any legal counsel representing the Holders.

3.3 Requirements for Participation in Underwritten Offerings.
No person may participate in any Underwritten Offering for equity securities of the Company pursuant to a Registration initiated by the
Company hereunder unless such person (i) agrees to sell such persons securities on the basis provided in any underwriting arrangements
approved by the Company and (ii) completes and executes all customary questionnaires, powers of attorney, indemnities, lock-up agreements,
underwriting agreements and other customary documents as may be reasonably required under the terms of such underwriting arrangements.

3.4 Suspension of Sales; Adverse Disclosure. Upon receipt
of written notice from the Company that a Registration Statement or Prospectus contains a Misstatement, each of the Holders shall forthwith
discontinue disposition of Registrable Securities until he, she or it has received copies of a supplemented or amended Prospectus correcting
the Misstatement (it being understood that the Company hereby covenants to prepare and file such supplement or amendment as soon as practicable
after the time of such notice), or until he, she or it is advised in writing by the Company that the use of the Prospectus may be resumed.
If the filing, initial effectiveness or continued use of a Registration Statement in respect of any Registration at any time would require
the Company to make an Adverse Disclosure or would require the inclusion in such Registration Statement of financial statements that
are unavailable to the Company for reasons beyond the Companys control, the Company may, upon giving prompt written notice of
such action to the Holders, delay the filing or initial effectiveness of, or suspend use of, such Registration Statement for the shortest
period of time, but in no event more than thirty (30) days, determined in good faith by the Company to be necessary for such purpose.
In the event the Company exercises its rights under the preceding sentence, the Holders agree to suspend, immediately upon their receipt
of the notice referred to above, their use of the Prospectus relating to any Registration in connection with any sale or offer to sell
Registrable Securities. The Company shall immediately notify the Holders of the expiration of any period during which it exercised its
rights under this Section 3.4.

13 

3.5 Reporting Obligations. As long as any Holder shall
own Registrable Securities, the Company, at all times while it shall be a reporting company under the Exchange Act, covenants to file
timely (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by the
Company after the date hereof pursuant to Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and to promptly furnish the Holders with true and
complete copies of all such filings. The Company further covenants that it shall take such further action as any Holder may reasonably
request, all to the extent required from time to time to enable such Holder to sell Ordinary Shares held by such Holder without registration
under the Securities Act within the limitation of the exemptions provided by Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act (or any successor
rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission), including providing any legal opinions. Upon the request of any Holder, the Company shall
deliver to such Holder a written certification of a duly authorized officer as to whether it has complied with such requirements.

3.6 Limitations on Registration Rights. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, the Representative or its designees or Permitted Transferees may not exercise their rights under Sections
2.1 and 2.2 hereunder after five (5) and seven (7) years from the commencement of sales in the Companys initial public offering,
respectively.

ARTICLE 4

INDEMNIFICATION AND CONTRIBUTION

4.1 Indemnification.

4.1.1 The Company agrees to indemnify, to the extent permitted by law and the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, each Holder of Registrable Securities, its officers and directors and each person who controls such Holder (within the meaning of the Securities Act) against all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses (including attorneys fees) caused by any untrue or alleged untrue statement of material fact contained in any Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto or any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, except insofar as the same are caused by or contained in any information furnished in writing to the Company by such Holder expressly for use therein. The Company shall indemnify the Underwriters, their officers and directors and each person who controls such Underwriters (within the meaning of the Securities Act) to the same extent as provided in the foregoing with respect to the indemnification of the Holder.

4.1.2 In connection with any Registration Statement in which a Holder of Registrable Securities is participating, such Holder shall furnish to the Company in writing such information and affidavits as the Company reasonably requests for use in connection with any such Registration Statement or Prospectus and, to the extent permitted by law, shall indemnify the Company, its directors and officers and agents and each person who controls the Company (within the meaning of the Securities Act) against any losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses (including without limitation reasonable attorneys fees) resulting from any untrue statement of material fact contained in the Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto or any omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, but only to the extent that such untrue statement or omission is contained in any information or affidavit so furnished in writing by such Holder expressly for use therein; provided, however, that the obligation to indemnify shall be several, not joint and several, among such Holders of Registrable Securities, and the liability of each such Holder of Registrable Securities shall be in proportion to and limited to the net proceeds received by such Holder from the sale of Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement. The Holders of Registrable Securities shall indemnify the Underwriters, their officers, directors and each person who controls such Underwriters (within the meaning of the Securities Act) to the same extent as provided in the foregoing with respect to indemnification of the Company.

14 

4.1.3 Any person entitled to indemnification herein shall (i) give prompt written notice to the indemnifying party of any claim with respect to which it seeks indemnification (provided that the failure to give prompt notice shall not impair any persons right to indemnification hereunder to the extent such failure has not materially prejudiced the indemnifying party) and (ii) unless in such indemnified partys reasonable judgment a conflict of interest between such indemnified and indemnifying parties may exist with respect to such claim, permit such indemnifying party to assume the defense of such claim with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party. If such defense is assumed, the indemnifying party shall not be subject to any liability for any settlement made by the indemnified party without its consent (but such consent shall not be unreasonably withheld). An indemnifying party who is not entitled to, or elects not to, assume the defense of a claim shall not be obligated to pay the fees and expenses of more than one counsel (plus local counsel) for all parties indemnified by such indemnifying party with respect to such claim, unless in the reasonable judgment of any indemnified party a conflict of interest may exist between such indemnified party and any other of such indemnified parties with respect to such claim. No indemnifying party shall, without the consent of the indemnified party, consent to the entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement which cannot be settled in all respects by the payment of money (and such money is so paid by the indemnifying party pursuant to the terms of such settlement) or which settlement does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such indemnified party of a release from all liability in respect to such claim or litigation.

4.1.4 The indemnification provided for under this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the indemnified party or any officer, director or controlling person of such indemnified party and shall survive the transfer of securities. The Company and each Holder of Registrable Securities participating in an offering also agrees to make such provisions as are reasonably requested by any indemnified party for contribution to such party in the event the Companys or such Holders indemnification is unavailable for any reason.

4.1.5 If the indemnification provided under Section 4.1 hereof from the indemnifying party is unavailable or insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified party in respect of any losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses referred to herein, then the indemnifying party, in lieu of indemnifying the indemnified party, shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by the indemnified party as a result of such losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the indemnifying party and the indemnified party, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the indemnifying party and indemnified party shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in question, including any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact, was made by, or relates to information supplied by, such indemnifying party or indemnified party, and the indemnifying partys and indemnified partys relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such action; provided, however, that the liability of any Holder under this subsection 4.1.5 shall be limited to the amount of the net proceeds received by such Holder in such offering giving rise to such liability. The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of the losses or other liabilities referred to above shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth in subsections 4.1.1, 4.1.2 and 4.1.3 above, any legal or other fees, charges or expenses reasonably incurred by such party in connection with any investigation or proceeding. The parties hereto agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this subsection 4.1.5 were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation, which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to in this subsection 4.1.5. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution pursuant to this subsection 4.1.5 from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.

4.2 Waiver of Medallion Guaranty. The Company agrees to
use commercially reasonable efforts to enter into an indemnification agreement in customary form, in favor of Continental Stock Transfer
& Trust Company (or any successor transfer agent or warrant agent of the Company) in connection with the waiver of any requirement
to provide a medallion guarantee in connection with any Transfer of any equity securities of the Company by the Sponsor, the Representative
or any of their Permitted Transferees.

15 

ARTICLE 5

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1 Notices. Any notice or communication under this Agreement
must be in writing and given by (i) deposit in the United States mail, addressed to the party to be notified, postage prepaid and registered
or certified with return receipt requested, (ii) delivery in person or by courier service providing evidence of delivery, or (iii) transmission
by hand delivery, electronic mail, telecopy, telegram or facsimile. Each notice or communication that is mailed, delivered, or transmitted
in the manner described above shall be deemed sufficiently given, served, sent, and received, in the case of mailed notices, on the third
business day following the date on which it is mailed and, in the case of notices delivered by courier service, hand delivery, electronic
mail, telecopy, telegram or facsimile, at such time as it is delivered to the addressee (with the delivery receipt or the affidavit of
messenger) or at such time as delivery is refused by the addressee upon presentation. Any notice or communication under this Agreement
must be addressed, if to the Company, to: 250 West 55th Street, 17th Floor, New York, New York 10019, and, if to any Holder, at such
Holders address or contact information as set forth in the Companys books and records. Any party may change its address
for notice at any time and from time to time by written notice to the other parties hereto, and such change of address shall become effective
thirty (30) days after delivery of such notice as provided in this Section 5.1.

5.2 Assignment; No Third Party Beneficiaries.

5.2.1 This Agreement and the rights, duties and obligations of the Company hereunder may not be assigned or delegated by the Company in whole or in part.

5.2.2 Prior to the expiration of the Founder Shares Lock-up Period or the Private Placement Lock-up Period, as the case may be, no Holder may assign or delegate such Holders rights, duties or obligations under this Agreement, in whole or in part, except in connection with a transfer of Registrable Securities by such Holder to a Permitted Transferee but only if such Permitted Transferee agrees to become bound by the transfer restrictions set forth in this Agreement.

5.2.3 This Agreement and the provisions hereof shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of each of the parties and its successors and the permitted assigns of the Holders, which shall include Permitted Transferees.

5.2.4 This Agreement shall not confer any rights or benefits on any persons that are not parties hereto, other than as expressly set forth in this Agreement and Section 5.2 hereof.

5.2.5 No assignment by any party hereto of such partys rights, duties and obligations hereunder shall be binding upon or obligate the Company unless and until the Company shall have received (i) written notice of such assignment as provided in Section 5.1 hereof and (ii) the written agreement of the assignee, in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to be bound by the terms and provisions of this Agreement (which may be accomplished by an addendum or certificate of joinder to this Agreement). Any transfer or assignment made other than as provided in this Section 5.2 shall be null and void.

5.3 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in multiple
counterparts (including facsimile or PDF counterparts), each of which shall be deemed an original, and all of which together shall constitute
the same instrument, but only one of which need be produced.

16 

5.4 Governing Law; Venue. NOTWITHSTANDING THE PLACE WHERE
THIS AGREEMENT MAY BE EXECUTED BY ANY OF THE PARTIES HERETO, THE PARTIES EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND
CONSTRUED UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK AS APPLIED TO AGREEMENTS AMONG NEW YORK RESIDENTS ENTERED INTO AND TO BE PERFORMED
ENTIRELY WITHIN NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS OF SUCH JURISDICTION. ANY LEGAL SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING
ARISING OUT OF OR BASED UPON THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY MAY BE INSTITUTED IN THE FEDERAL COURTS OF THE UNITED
STATES OR THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK IN EACH CASE LOCATED IN THE CITY OF NEW YORK, AND EACH PARTY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE
EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS IN ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING.

5.5 Amendments and Modifications. Upon the written consent
of the Company and the Holders of at least a majority in interest of the Registrable Securities at the time in question (which majority
must include the Representative if such amendment or modification is material and adverse to the Representative), compliance with any
of the provisions, covenants and conditions set forth in this Agreement may be waived, or any of such provisions, covenants or conditions
may be amended or modified; provided, however, that notwithstanding the foregoing, any amendment hereto or waiver hereof that adversely
affects one Holder, solely in his, her or its capacity as a holder of the capital shares of the Company, in a manner that is materially
different from the other Holders (in such capacity) shall require the consent of the Holder so affected. No course of dealing between
any Holder or the Company and any other party hereto or any failure or delay on the part of a Holder or the Company in exercising any
rights or remedies under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of any rights or remedies of any Holder or the Company. No single or
partial exercise of any rights or remedies under this Agreement by a party shall operate as a waiver or preclude the exercise of any
other rights or remedies hereunder or thereunder by such party.

5.6 Other Registration Rights. The Company represents and
warrants that no person, other than a Holder of Registrable Securities, has any right to require the Company to register any securities
of the Company for sale or to include such securities of the Company in any Registration filed by the Company for the sale of securities
for its own account or for the account of any other person. Further, the Company represents and warrants that this Agreement supersedes
any other registration rights agreement or agreement with similar terms and conditions and in the event of a conflict between any such
agreement or agreements and this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall prevail.

5.7 Term. This Agreement shall terminate upon the earlier
of (i) the tenth anniversary of the date of this Agreement or (ii) the date as of which (A) all of the Registrable Securities have been
sold pursuant to a Registration Statement (but in no event prior to the applicable period referred to in Section 4(a)(3) of the Securities
Act and Rule 174 thereunder (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission)) or (B) the Holders of all Registrable Securities
are permitted to sell the Registrable Securities without registration pursuant to Rule 144 (or any similar provision) under the Securities
Act with no volume or other restrictions or limitations. The provisions of Section 3.5 and ARTICLE 4 shall survive any
termination.

[Signature Page Follows]

17 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this
Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above.

COMPANY: 

SOULPOWER ACQUISITION CORPORATION

a Cayman Islands exempted company 

By: /s/ Justin Lafazan 

Name: Justin Lafazan 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

HOLDERS: 

SOULPOWER ACQUISITION SPONSOR LLC

a Delaware limited liability company 

By: /s/ Justin Lafazan 

Name: Justin Lafazan 

Title: Authorized Representative of Managing Member 

CANTOR FITZGERALD & CO., 

a New York general partnership 

By: /s/ Sage Kelly 

Name: Sage Kelly 

Title: Global Head of Investment Banking 

[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]

18
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex10-3.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

PRIVATE PLACEMENT UNITS PURCHASE AGREEMENT

THIS PRIVATE PLACEMENT UNITS PURCHASE
AGREEMENT, dated as of April 1, 2025 (as it may from time to time be amended, this Agreement), is entered
into by and between Soulpower Acquisition Corporation., a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), and
Soulpower Acquisition Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Purchaser).

WHEREAS, the Company intends to
consummate an initial public offering of the Companys units (the Public Offering), each unit consisting of
one Class A Ordinary Share, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (an Ordinary Share), and one right to receive
one-tenth (1/10) of one Ordinary Share upon the consummation of the Companys initial business combination. The Purchaser has agreed
to purchase an aggregate of 400,000 private placement units (whether or not the over-allotment option in connection with the Public Offering
is exercised in full) (the Private Placement Units), each Private Placement Unit comprised of one Ordinary Share
(each, a Private Placement Share) and one right (the Private Share Right) to receive one-tenth
(1/10) of one Ordinary Share upon the consummation of an initial business combination.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual promises contained in this Agreement and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are
hereby acknowledged, the parties to this Agreement hereby, intending legally to be bound, agree as follows:

AGREEMENT

Section 1. Authorization,
Purchase and Sale; Terms of the Private Placement Units.

A. Authorization of the Private Placement
Units. The Company has duly authorized the issuance and sale of the Private Placement Units to the Purchaser.

B. Purchase and Sale of the
Private Placement Units. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, on the date of the consummation of Public
Offering or on such earlier time and date as may be mutually agreed by the Purchaser and the Company (the Closing Date),
Purchaser hereby agrees to purchase from the Company, and the Company hereby agrees to sell to the Purchaser 400,000 Private Placement
Units at a price per unit of $10.00 for an aggregate purchase price of $4,000,000 (the Purchase Price), which shall
be paid by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Company at least one business day prior to the Closing Date in accordance
with the Companys wiring instructions. On the Closing Date, upon the payment by the Purchaser of the Purchase Price, the Company
shall, at its option, deliver to the Purchaser the certificates representing the Private Placement Units purchased or effect such delivery
in book-entry form.

C. Terms of the Private Placement
Units.

(i) Each Private Placement
Unit shall have the terms set forth herein. Each Private Share Right shall have the terms set forth in a Share Rights Agreement dated
the date hereof (the Share Rights Agreement) by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust
Company (the Share Rights Agent).

(ii) At the time of
the closing of the Public Offering, the Company and the Purchaser shall enter into a registration rights agreement (the Registration
Rights Agreement) pursuant to which the Company will grant certain registration rights to the Purchaser relating to the Private
Placement Units (and the underlying securities contained therein).

Section 2. Representations
and Warranties of the Company. As a material inducement to the Purchaser to enter into this Agreement and purchase the Private Placement
Units, the Company hereby represents and warrants to the Purchaser (which representations and warranties shall survive the Closing Date)
that:

A. Incorporation and Corporate
Power. The Company is an exempted company duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the Cayman Islands
and is qualified to do business in every jurisdiction in which the failure to so qualify would reasonably be expected to have a material
adverse effect on the financial condition, operating results or assets of the Company. The Company possesses all requisite corporate power
and authority necessary to carry out the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Share Rights Agreement.

B. Authorization; No Breach.

(i) The execution,
delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Private Placement Units have been duly authorized by the Company as of the Closing
Date. This Agreement constitutes the valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to
bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general applicability relating to or affecting
creditors rights and to general equitable principles (whether considered in a proceeding in equity or law). Upon issuance in accordance
with, and payment pursuant to, the terms of this Agreement, the Private Placement Units, and the Private Placement Shares and the Private
Share Rights comprising such units, will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable in accordance with their
terms as of the Closing Date.

(ii) The execution
and delivery by the Company of this Agreement, the issuance and sale of the Private Placement Units and underlying securities, and the
fulfilment of, and compliance with, the respective terms hereof and thereof by the Company, do not and will not as of the Closing Date
(a) conflict with or result in a breach of the terms, conditions or provisions of, (b) constitute a default under, (c) result in the creation
of any lien, security interest, charge or encumbrance upon the Companys equity or assets under, (d) result in a violation of, or
(e) require any authorization, consent, approval, exemption or other action by or notice or declaration to, or filing with, any court
or administrative or governmental body or agency pursuant to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company
in effect on the date hereof or as may be amended at or prior to completion of the contemplated Public Offering, or any material law,
statute, rule or regulation to which the Company is subject, or any agreement, order, judgment or decree to which the Company is subject,
except for any filings required after the date hereof under federal or state securities laws.

2 

C. Title to Securities.
Upon issuance in accordance with, and payment pursuant to, the terms hereof, the Share Rights Agreement and the Amended and Restated Memorandum
and Articles of Association of the Company, as the case may be, the Private Placement Units and underlying securities will be duly and
validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. On the date of issuance of the Private Placement Units, the Private Placement Shares and
the Private Share Rights shall have been reserved for issuance. Upon issuance in accordance with, and payment pursuant to, the terms hereof,
and upon registration in the books maintained by or on behalf of the Company for the registration and transfer of the Private Placement
Units or the Companys register of members (in the case of the Ordinary Shares issuable upon conversion of the Private Share Rights),
the Purchaser will have or receive good title to the Private Placement Units and underlying securities, free and clear of all liens, claims
and encumbrances of any kind, other than (i) transfer restrictions hereunder and pursuant to the insider letter to be entered into on
or prior to the closing of the Public Offering, and (ii) transfer restrictions under federal and state securities laws, and (iii) liens,
claims or encumbrances imposed due to the actions of the Purchaser.

D. Governmental Consents.
No permit, consent, approval or authorization of, or declaration to or filing with, any governmental authority is required in connection
with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement or the consummation by the Company of any other transactions
contemplated hereby.

E. Regulation D Qualification.
Neither the Company nor, to its knowledge, any of its affiliates, members, officers, directors or beneficial shareholders of 20% or more
of its outstanding securities, has experienced a disqualifying event as enumerated pursuant to Rule 506(d) of Regulation D under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act).

Section 3. Representations
and Warranties of the Purchaser. As a material inducement to the Company to enter into this Agreement and issue and sell the Private
Placement Units to the Purchaser, the Purchaser hereby represents and warrants to the Company (which representations and warranties shall
survive the Closing Date) that:

A. Organization and Requisite
Authority. The Purchaser possesses all requisite power and authority necessary to carry out the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.

B. Authorization; No Breach.

(i) This Agreement
constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Purchaser, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency,
fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors rights
and to general equitable principles (whether considered in a proceeding in equity or law).

3 

(ii) The execution
and delivery by the Purchaser of this Agreement and the fulfillment of and compliance with the terms hereof by the Purchaser does not
and shall not as of the Closing Date conflict with or result in a breach by the Purchaser of the terms, conditions or provisions of any
agreement, instrument, order, judgment or decree to which the Purchaser is subject.

C. Investment Representations.

(i) The Purchaser
is acquiring the Private Placement Units (and underlying securities) and, upon conversion of the Private Share Rights, the Ordinary Shares
underlying the Private Share Rights (collectively, the Securities), for the Purchasers own account, for investment
purposes only and not with a view towards, or for resale in connection with, any public sale or distribution thereof.

(ii) The Purchaser
is an accredited investor as such term is defined in Rule 501(a)(3) of Regulation D, and the Purchaser has not experienced
a disqualifying event as enumerated pursuant to Rule 506(d) of Regulation D under the Securities Act.

(iii) The Purchaser
understands that the Securities are being offered and will be sold to it in reliance on specific exemptions from the registration requirements
of the United States federal and state securities laws and that the Company is relying upon the truth and accuracy of, and the Purchasers
compliance with, the representations and warranties of the Purchaser set forth herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions
and the eligibility of the Purchaser to acquire such Securities.

(iv) The Purchaser
did not decide to enter into this Agreement as a result of any general solicitation or general advertising within the meaning of Rule
502(c) under the Securities Act.

(v) The Purchaser
has been furnished with all materials relating to the business, finances and operations of the Company and materials relating to the offer
and sale of the Securities which have been requested by the Purchaser. The Purchaser has been afforded the opportunity to ask questions
of the executive officers and directors of the Company. The Purchaser understands that its investment in the Securities involves a high
degree of risk and it has sought such accounting, legal and tax advice as it has considered necessary to make an informed investment decision
with respect to the acquisition of the Securities.

4 

(vi) The Purchaser
understands that no United States federal or state agency or any other government or governmental agency has passed on or made any recommendation
or endorsement of the Securities or the fairness or suitability of the investment in the Securities by the Purchaser nor have such authorities
passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Securities.

(vii) The Purchaser
understands that: (a) the Securities have not been and are not being registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws,
and may not be offered for sale, sold, assigned or transferred unless (1) subsequently registered thereunder or (2) sold in reliance on
an exemption therefrom; and (b) except as specifically set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement, neither the Company nor any other
person is under any obligation to register the Securities under the Securities Act or any state securities laws or to comply with the
terms and conditions of any exemption thereunder. While the Purchaser understands that Rule 144 under the Securities Act is not available
for the resale of securities initially issued by shell companies (other than business combination related shell companies) or issuers
that have been at any time previously a shell company, the Purchaser understands that Rule 144 includes an exception to this prohibition
if the following conditions are met: (i) the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company;
(ii) the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the Exchange Act); (iii) the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and material
required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such
reports and materials), other than Form 8-K reports; and (iv) at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current
Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company.

(viii) The Purchaser
has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters, knows of the high degree of risk associated with investments in the
securities of companies in the development stage such as the Company, is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment in
the Securities and is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Securities in the amount contemplated hereunder for an indefinite
period of time. The Purchaser has adequate means of providing for its current financial needs and contingencies and will have no current
or anticipated future needs for liquidity which would be jeopardized by the investment in the Securities. The Purchaser can afford a complete
loss of its investment in the Securities.

Section 4. Conditions of the
Purchasers Obligations. The obligation of the Purchaser to purchase and pay for the Private Placement Units is subject to the
fulfillment, on or before the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions:

A. Representations and Warranties.
The representations and warranties of the Company contained in Section 2 shall be true and correct at and as of the Closing Date
as though then made.

B. Performance. The Company
shall have performed and complied with all agreements, obligations and conditions contained in this Agreement that are required to be
performed or complied with by it on or before the Closing Date.

C. No Injunction. No litigation,
statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by
or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority over the matters
contemplated hereby, which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

5 

D. Share Rights Agreement.
The Company shall have entered into the Share Rights Agreement with the Share Rights Agent and the Registration Rights Agreement, each
on terms satisfactory to the Purchaser.

Section 5. Conditions of the
Companys Obligations. The obligations of the Company to the Purchaser under this Agreement are subject to the fulfillment,
on or before the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions:

A. Representations and Warranties.
The representations and warranties of the Purchaser contained in Section 3 shall be true and correct at and as of the Closing Date
as though then made.

B. Performance. The Purchaser
shall have performed and complied with all agreements, obligations and conditions contained in this Agreement that are required to be
performed or complied with by the Purchaser on or before the Closing Date.

C. Corporate Consents.
The Company shall have obtained the consent of its Board of Directors authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement
and the Share Rights Agreement and the issuance and sale of the Private Placement Units hereunder.

D. No Injunction. No litigation,
statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by
or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority over the matters
contemplated hereby, which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

E. Share Rights Agreement.
The Company shall have entered into the Share Rights Agreement with the Share Rights Agent and the Registration Rights Agreement, each
on terms satisfactory to the Company.

Section 6. Termination.
This Agreement may be terminated at any time after December 31, 2025 upon the election by either the Company or the Purchaser upon written
notice to the other party if the closing of the Public Offering does not occur prior to such date.

Section 7. Survival of Representations
and Warranties. All of the representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing Date.

Section 8. Definitions.
Terms used but not otherwise defined in this Agreement shall have the meaning assigned to such terms in the registration statement on
Form S-1 the Company has filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, under the Securities Act.

6 

Section 9. Miscellaneous.

A. Successors and Assigns.
Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement by or on behalf of any of the
parties hereto shall bind and inure to the benefit of the respective successors of the parties hereto whether so expressed or not. Notwithstanding
the foregoing or anything to the contrary herein, the parties may not assign this Agreement, other than assignments by the Purchaser to
affiliates thereof (including, without limitation one or more of its members).

B. Severability. Whenever
possible, each provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but
if any provision of this Agreement is held to be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective only
to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of this Agreement.

C. Counterparts. This
Agreement may be executed simultaneously in two or more counterparts, none of which need contain the signatures of more than one party,
but all such counterparts taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement.

D. Descriptive Headings; Interpretation.
The descriptive headings of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and do not constitute a substantive part of this Agreement.
The use of the word including in this Agreement shall be by way of example rather than by limitation.

E. Governing Law. This
Agreement shall be deemed to be a contract made under the laws of the State of New York and for all purposes shall be construed in accordance
with the internal laws of the State of New York.

F. Amendments. This Agreement
may not be amended, modified or waived as to any particular provision, except by a written instrument executed by all parties hereto.

[Signature Page Follows]

7 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
parties hereto have executed this Agreement to be effective as of the date first set forth above.

COMPANY: 

SOULPOWER ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

By: /s/ Justin Lafazan 

Name: Justin Lafazan 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

PURCHASER: 

SOULPOWER ACQUISITION SPONSOR LLC

a Delaware limited liability company 

By: /s/ Justin Lafazan 

Name: Justin Lafazan 

Title: Authorized Signatory of Managing Member 

[Signature Page to Private Placement Units Purchase
Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ex10-4.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.4

PRIVATE PLACEMENT UNITS PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

This PRIVATE PLACEMENT UNITS PURCHASE
AGREEMENT (as it may from time to time be amended, this Agreement) is made as of the 1st day of April,
2025, by and between Soulpower Acquisition Corporation, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company) and Cantor
Fitzgerald & Co. (Cantor or Subscriber).

WHEREAS, the Company intends to
consummate an initial public offering (the IPO) of the Companys units (the Units), each
Unit consisting of one Class A ordinary share, par value $0.0001 per share (the Class A Ordinary Shares), of the
Company, and one right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one Class A Ordinary Share upon the consummation of the Companys initial
business combination;

WHEREAS, the Company desires
to sell to the Subscriber on a private placement basis (the Offering) an aggregate of 220,000 units (whether or not
the underwriters over-allotment option in connection with the , is exercised in full) (each, a Private Placement Unit
and, collectively, the Private Placement Units) of the Company, for a purchase price of $10.00 per Private Placement
Unit. Each Private Placement Unit is comprised of one Class A Ordinary Share (each, a Private Placement Share) and
one right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one Class A Ordinary Share upon the consummation of the Companys initial business combination
(each, a Private Share Right and, collectively, the Private Share Rights) to be governed by
the Share Rights Agreement (the Share Rights Agreement) to be entered into between the Company and Continental stock
Transfer & Trust Company, as Private Share Rights agent (the Share Rights Agent). The Private Placement Units,
the Private Placement Shares and Private Share Rights comprising part of the Private Placement Units, and the Class A Ordinary Shares
upon conversion of the Private Share Rights, collectively, are hereinafter referred to as the Securities; and

WHEREAS, the Subscriber
wishes to purchase the Private Placement Units, and the Company wishes to accept such subscription from the Subscriber.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the premises and the mutual covenants hereinafter set forth and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and Subscriber hereby agree as follows:

1. Agreement to Subscribe

1.1. Purchase and Issuance of the Private Placement
Units:

Upon the terms and subject to
the conditions of this Agreement:

(i) On the date of the consummation
of the IPO or on such earlier time and date as may be mutually agreed by the Subscriber and the Company (the Closing Date),
the Subscriber hereby agrees to purchase from the Company, and the Company hereby agrees to sell to the Subscriber 220,000 Private Placement
Units at a price per unit of $10.00 for an aggregate purchase price of $2,200,000 (the Purchase Price). On the Closing
Date, the Company shall, at its option, deliver to the Subscriber the certificates representing the Private Placement Units purchased
or effect such delivery in book-entry form.

1.2. Purchase Price. The Purchase Price shall
be paid by wire transfer of immediately available funds, or by such other method as may be reasonably acceptable to the Company, to the
trust account (the Trust Account) at a financial institution to be chosen by the Company, maintained by Continental
Stock Transfer & Trust Company, acting as trustee (Continental), on or prior to the Closing Date.

1.3. Closing. The Closing shall take place
at the offices of Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP, 1185 Avenue of the Americas, 31st Floor, New York, New York 10036, or such other
place as may be agreed upon by the parties hereto.

1.4 Termination. This Agreement and each of
the obligations of the undersigned shall be null and void and without effect if a Closing does not occur prior to December 31, 2025.

2. Representations and Warranties of Subscriber

As a material inducement to the Company to enter into
this Agreement and issue and sell the Private Placement Units to the Subscriber, the Subscriber represents and warrants to the Company
that:

2.1. No Government Recommendation or Approval.
Subscriber understands that no federal or state agency has passed upon or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Company, the merits
of the Offering of the Securities or the suitability of the investment in the Securities by the Subscriber.

2.2. Accredited Investor. Subscriber represents
that it is an accredited investor as such term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the Securities Act), and acknowledges that the sale contemplated hereby is being made in reliance, among
other things, on a private placement exemption to accredited investors under the Securities Act and similar exemptions under
state law. Subscriber has not experienced a disqualifying event as enumerated pursuant to Rule 506(d) of Regulation D under the Securities
Act.

2.3. Intent. Subscriber is purchasing the Securities
solely for investment purposes, for Subscribers own account (and/or for the account or benefit of its members or affiliates, as
permitted, pursuant to the terms hereof), and not with a view towards, or for resale in connection with, any public sale or distribution
thereof.

2.4. Restrictions on Transfer. Subscriber acknowledges
and understands the Private Placement Units are being offered in a transaction not involving a public offering in the United States within
the meaning of the Securities Act. The Securities have not been registered under the Securities Act and, if in the future Subscriber decides
to offer, resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Securities, such Securities may be offered, resold, pledged or otherwise transferred
only (A) pursuant to an effective registration statement filed under the Securities Act, (B) pursuant to an exemption from registration
under Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act, if available, or (C) pursuant to any other available exemption from the registration
requirements of the Securities Act, and in each case in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any state or any other jurisdiction.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Subscriber acknowledges and understands the Securities are subject to transfer restrictions as described
in Section 7 hereof. Subscriber agrees that if any transfer of its Securities or any interest therein is proposed to be made, as a condition
precedent to any such transfer, Subscriber may be required to deliver to the Company an opinion of counsel satisfactory to the Company
with respect to such transfer. Absent registration or another available exemption from registration, Subscriber agrees it will not resell
the Securities (unless otherwise permitted pursuant to the terms hereof). Subscriber further acknowledges that because the Company is
a shell company, Rule 144 may not be available to Subscriber for the resale of the Securities until the following conditions are met:
(i) the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company; (ii) the issuer of the securities
is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act); (iii) the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed, as applicable,
during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Form
8-K reports; and (iv) at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC
reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company, despite technical compliance with the requirements of Rule 144 and the
release or waiver of any contractual transfer restrictions.

2 

2.5. Sophisticated Investor.

(i) Subscriber is sophisticated
in financial matters and is able to evaluate the risks and benefits of the investment in the Securities. Subscriber has adequate means
of providing for its current financial needs and contingencies and will have no current or anticipated future needs for liquidity which
would be jeopardized by the investment in the Securities.

(ii) Subscriber has been furnished
with all materials relating to the business, finances and operations of the Company and materials relating to the offer and sale of the
Securities which have been requested by Subscriber. The Subscriber has been afforded the opportunity to ask questions of the executive
officers and directors of the Company.

(iii) Subscriber is aware that
an investment in the Securities is highly speculative and subject to substantial risks because, among other things, (a) the Securities
are subject to transfer restrictions and have not been registered under the Securities Act and therefore cannot be sold unless subsequently
registered under the Securities Act or an exemption from such registration is available, (b) except as specifically set forth in the Registration
Rights Agreement (as defined below) pursuant to which the Company will grant certain registration rights to Subscriber relating to the
Securities, neither the Company nor any other person is under any obligation to register the Securities under the Securities Act or any
state securities laws or to comply with the terms and conditions of any exemption thereunder and (c) Subscriber has waived its redemption
rights with respect to the Securities as set forth in Section 5 hereof, and the Securities held by Subscriber are not entitled to, and
have no right, interest or claim to any monies held in the Trust Account, and accordingly Subscriber may suffer a loss of a portion or
all of its investment in the Securities. Subscriber is able to bear the economic risk of its investment in the Securities for an indefinite
period of time. Subscriber has sought such accounting, legal and tax advice as it has considered necessary to make an informed investment
decision with respect to the acquisition of the Securities.

2.6. Organization and Authority. Subscriber
is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its state of incorporation or formation and it possesses all
requisite power and authority necessary to carry out the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

2.7. Authority. This Agreement has been validly
authorized, executed and delivered by Subscriber and is a valid and binding agreement of Subscriber enforceable against Subscriber in
accordance with its terms, subject to the general principles of equity and to bankruptcy or other laws affecting the enforcement of creditors
rights generally.

2.8. No Conflicts. The execution, delivery
and performance of this Agreement and the consummation by Subscriber of the transactions contemplated hereby do not violate, conflict
with or constitute a default under (i) Subscribers organizational documents, (ii) any agreement or instrument to which Subscriber
is a party or (iii) any law, statute, rule or regulation to which Subscriber is subject, or any agreement, order, judgment or decree to
which Subscriber is subject.

2.9. No Legal Advice from Company. Subscriber
acknowledges it has had the opportunity to review this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement with Subscribers
own legal counsel and investment and tax advisors. Except for any statements or representations of the Company made in this Agreement
and the other agreements entered into between the parties hereto, Subscriber is relying solely on such counsel and advisors and not on
any statements or representations of the Company or any of its representatives or agents for legal, tax or investment advice with respect
to this investment, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the securities laws of any jurisdiction.

2.10. Reliance on Representations and Warranties.
Subscriber understands the Private Placement Units are being offered and sold to the Subscriber in reliance on exemptions from the registration
requirements under the Securities Act, and analogous provisions in the laws and regulations of various states, and that the Company is
relying upon the truth and accuracy of the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings of the Subscriber
set forth in this Agreement in order to determine the applicability of such provisions.

2.11. No General Solicitation. Subscriber is
not subscribing for the Private Placement Units as a result of or subsequent to any general solicitation or general advertising, including
but not limited to any advertisement, article, notice or other communication published in any newspaper, magazine, or similar media or
broadcast over television or radio, or presented at any seminar or meeting or in a registration statement with respect to the IPO filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).

2.12. Legend. Subscriber acknowledges and agrees
the certificates evidencing each of the Securities shall bear a restrictive legend (the Legend), in form and substance
substantially as set forth in Section 4 hereof.

3 

3. Representations, Warranties and Covenants of
the Company

The Company represents and warrants to, and agrees
with, Subscriber that:

3.1. Valid Issuance. The Company is authorized
to issue 200,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share (Class A Ordinary Shares), 20,000,000 Class
B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share (Class B Ordinary Shares) and 1,000,000 preference shares, par value
$0.0001 per share (Preference Shares). As of the date hereof, the Company has issued and outstanding 8,433,333 Class
B Ordinary Shares (of which up to 1,100,000 shares are subject to forfeiture as described in the Registration Statement) and no Preference
Shares. All of the issued Class B Ordinary Shares of the Company have been duly authorized, validly issued, and are fully paid and non-assessable.

3.2 Title to Securities. Upon issuance in accordance
with, and payment pursuant to, the terms hereof and the Share Rights Agreement and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of
Association of the Company (as applicable), as the case may be, each of the Securities will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and
non-assessable. On the date of issuance, the Securities shall have been reserved for issuance. Upon issuance in accordance with, and payment
pursuant to, the terms hereof and the Share Rights Agreement, as the case may be, the Subscriber will have or receive good title to the
Securities, free and clear of all liens, claims and encumbrances of any kind, other than (i) transfer restrictions hereunder, (ii) transfer
restrictions under federal and state securities laws and (iii) liens, claims or encumbrances imposed due to the actions of the Subscriber.

3.3. Organization and Qualification. The Company
is an exempted company duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the Cayman Islands and has the requisite
corporate power to own its properties and assets and to carry on its business as now being conducted.

3.4. Authorization; Enforcement. (i) The Company
has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement and to issue the Securities
in accordance with the terms hereof, (ii) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Company and the consummation
by it of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action, and no further consent or authorization
of the Company or its Board of Directors or shareholders is required, and (iii) this Agreement constitutes valid and binding obligations
of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, moratorium, reorganization, or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally the enforcement
of, creditors rights and remedies or by equitable principles of general application and except as enforcement of rights to indemnity
and contribution may be limited by federal and state securities laws or principles of public policy.

3.5. No Conflicts. The execution, delivery
and performance of this Agreement and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby do not (i) result in a violation
of the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default under
any agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party or (iii) any law statute, rule or regulation to which the Company is subject
or any agreement, order, judgment or decree to which the Company is subject. Other than any SEC or state securities filings which may
be required to be made by the Company subsequent to the Closing, and any registration statement which may be filed pursuant thereto, the
Company is not required under federal, state or local law, rule or regulation to obtain any consent, authorization or order of, or make
any filing or registration with, any court or governmental agency or self-regulatory entity in order for it to perform any of its obligations
under this Agreement or issue the Private Securities in accordance with the terms hereof.

4 

4. Legends

4.1. Legend. The Company will issue the Private
Placement Units, Private Placement Shares, Private Share Rights and when issued, the Class A Ordinary Shares upon conversion of Private
Share Rights, purchased by the Subscriber in the name of the Subscriber. The Securities will bear the following Legend and appropriate
stop transfer instructions:

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS
CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS, AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED,
SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF UNLESS REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES
LAWS OR AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION IS AVAILABLE. IN ADDITION, SUBJECT TO ANY ADDITIONAL LIMITATIONS ON TRANSFER DESCRIBED IN THE AGREEMENTS
BY AND AMONG SOULPOWER ACQUISITION COPORATION (THE COMPANY), SOULPOWER ACQUISITION SPONSOR LLC, AND THE OTHER SIGNATORIES
THERETO, THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE MAY NOT BE SOLD OR TRANSFERRED PRIOR TO THE DATE THAT IS THIRTY (30) DAYS AFGTER
THE DATE UPON WHICH THE COMPANY COMPLETES ITS INITIAL BUSINESS COMBINATION EXCEPT TO A PERMITTED TRANSFEREE WHO AGREES IN WRITING WITH
THE COMPANY TO BE SUBJECT TO SUCH TRANSFER PROVISIONS.

SECURITIES EVIDENCED BY THIS CERTIFICATE
AND ORDINARY SHARES OF THE COMPANY ISSUED UPON EXERCISE OF SUCH SECURITIES SHALL BE ENTITLED TO REGISTRATION RIGHTS UNDER A REGISTRATION
RIGHTS AGREEMENT TO BE EXECUTED BY THE COMPANY.

4.2. Subscribers Compliance. Nothing
in this Section 4 shall affect in any way the Subscribers obligation and agreement to comply with all applicable securities laws
upon resale of the Securities.

4.3. Companys Refusal to Register Transfer
of the Securities. The Company shall refuse to register any transfer of the Securities, if in the sole judgment of the Company such
purported transfer would not be made (i) pursuant to an effective registration statement filed under the Securities Act, or pursuant to
an available exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and (ii) in compliance herewith.

4.4 Registration Rights. The Subscriber will
be entitled to certain registration rights which will be governed by a registration rights agreement (Registration Rights Agreement)
to be entered into between, among others, the Subscriber and the Company, on or prior to the effective date of the Registration Statement.
Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the Subscriber may not exercise its demand and piggyback registration rights
after five (5) and seven (7) years from the commencement of sales in the IPO and may not exercise its demand rights on more than one occasion.

5. Waiver of Liquidation Distributions.

In connection with the Securities purchased pursuant
to this Agreement, the Subscriber hereby waives any and all right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any distributions of
the amounts in the Trust Account with respect to the Securities, whether (i) in connection with the exercise of redemption rights if the
Company consummates the Business Combination, (ii) in connection with any tender offer conducted by the Company prior to a Business Combination,
(iii) upon the Companys redemption of Class A Ordinary Shares included in the Units sold in the Companys IPO upon the Companys
failure to complete the Business Combination within the period provided for in the Companys amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association or (iv) in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Companys amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association not for the purposes of approving, or in conjunction with the consummation of, a Business Combination
(A) to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to allow redemption in connection with a Business Combination
or to redeem 100% of the Class A Ordinary Shares included in the Units sold in the Companys IPO if the Company has not consummated
a Business Combination within the period provided for in the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to the right of holders of Class A Ordinary Shares or pre-Business Combination
activity. In the event that the Subscriber purchases Class A Ordinary Shares as part of the Units in the IPO or in the aftermarket, any
additional Class A Ordinary Shares so purchased shall be eligible to receive the redemption value of such Class A Ordinary Shares upon
the same terms offered to all other purchasers of Class A Ordinary Shares included as part of the Units in the IPO. Nothing herein shall
preclude the Subscriber from making any claim or seeking recourse against the Companys funds held outside of the Trust Account
or seeking to enforce the terms of the Underwriting Agreement.

6. Terms of Private Share Rights. Each Private
Share Right shall have the terms set forth in the Share Rights Agreement.

5 

7. Lock-Up Period.

7.1. The Subscriber agrees that they shall not Transfer
any Securities until 30 days following the consummation of the Business Combination; provided, however, that Transfers of Securities are
permitted (a) to the Companys or Subscribers officers or directors, any affiliates or family members of any of the Companys
or Subscribers officers or directors, any members of the Companys sponsor, or any affiliates of the Companys sponsor,
(b) in the case of an individual, by gift to a member of the individuals immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary of which
is a member of the individuals immediate family or an affiliate of such person, or to a charitable organization; (c) in the case
of an individual, by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death of the individual; (d) in the case of an individual, pursuant
to a qualified domestic relations order; (e) by virtue of the laws of the State of New York or Subscribers partnership agreement
in the event of Subscribers liquidation; (f) in the event of the Companys liquidation prior to the consummation of a Business
Combination; provided, however, that in the case of clauses (a) through (f) these permitted transferees must enter into a written agreement
agreeing to be bound by these transfer restrictions and by the same agreements entered into by the Companys sponsor and the Subscriber
with respect to such securities.

7.2. For purposes of Section 7.1, the term Transfer
shall mean the (a) sale of, offer to sell, contract or agreement to sell, hypothecate, pledge, grant of any option to purchase or otherwise
dispose of or agreement to dispose of, directly or indirectly, or establishment or increase of a put equivalent position or liquidation
with respect to or decrease of a call equivalent position within the meaning of Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder with respect to, any of the Securities, (b) entry into any swap
or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of any of the Securities,
whether any such transaction is to be settled by delivery of such Securities, in cash or otherwise, or (c) public announcement of any
intention to effect any transaction specified in clause (a) or (b).

7.3 In addition to the restrictions on transfer described
in Section 7.1, Subscriber acknowledges and agrees that the Private Placement Units and their component parts and the related registration
rights will be deemed compensation by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) and will therefore, pursuant
to Rule 5110(e) of the FINRA Manual, be subject to lock-up for a period of 180 days from the commencement of sales in the IPO, subject
to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(2). Additionally, the Private Placement Units and their component parts and the related registration rights may
not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated or be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction
that would result in the economic disposition of such securities by any person during the foregoing 180 day period except to any underwriter
or selected dealer participating in the IPO and the officers or partners, registered persons or affiliates of the Subscriber and any such
participating underwriter or selected dealer.

8. Terms of the Private Placement Units

The Private Placement Units shall be substantially
identical to the Units offered in the IPO except that the Private Placement Units (including the Private Placement Shares and Private
Share Rights comprising such units) (i) will be subject to the transfer restrictions described in Section 7 hereof; (ii) will be entitled
to registration rights.

9. Conditions of the Subscribers Obligations

The obligation of the Subscriber to purchase and pay
for the Private Placement Units is subject to the fulfillment, on or before each Closing Date, of each of the following conditions:

9.1. Representations and Warranties. The representations
and warranties of the Company contained in Section 3 hereof shall be true and correct at and as of the Closing Date as though then made.

9.2. Performance. The Company shall have performed
and complied with all agreements, obligations and conditions contained in this Agreement that are required to be performed or complied
with by it on or before such Closing Date.

6 

9.3. No Injunction. No litigation, statute,
rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by or in any
court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority over the matters contemplated
hereby, which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

9.4. Share Rights Agreement. The Company shall
have entered into the Share Rights Agreement with the Share Rights Agent and the Registration Rights Agreement, each on terms satisfactory
to the Subscriber.

10. Conditions of the Companys Obligations

10.1. Representations and Warranties. The representations
and warranties of the Subscriber contained in Section 2 hereof shall be true and correct at and as of the Closing Date as though then
made.

10.2. Performance. The Subscriber shall have
performed and complied with all agreements, obligations and conditions contained in this Agreement that are required to be performed or
complied with by the Subscriber on or before each Closing Date.

10.3. No Injunction. No litigation, statute,
rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by or in any
court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority over the matters contemplated
hereby, which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the Share RighstAgreement.

10.4. Share Rights Agreement. The Company shall
have entered into the Share Rights Agreement with the Share Rights Agent and the Registration Rights Agreement, each on terms satisfactory
to Subscriber.

11. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Waiver
of Jury Trial

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed
in accordance with the laws of the State of New York for agreements made and to be wholly performed within such state. The parties hereto
hereby waive any right to a jury trial in connection with any litigation pursuant to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby.

12. Assignment; Entire Agreement; Amendment

12.1. Assignment. Neither this Agreement nor
any rights hereunder may be assigned by any party to any other person other than by Subscriber to a person agreeing to be bound by the
terms hereof, including the transfer restrictions contained in Section 7 hereof.

7 

12.2. Entire Agreement. This Agreement sets
forth the entire agreement and understanding between the parties as to the subject matter thereof and merges and supersedes all prior
discussions, agreements and understandings of any and every nature among them.

12.3. Amendment. Except as expressly provided
in this Agreement, neither this Agreement nor any term hereof may be amended, waived, discharged or terminated other than by a written
instrument signed by all of the parties hereto. Any amendment to the terms of the Private Placement Units and their underlying securities
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, the forfeiture or cancellation thereof) shall require the prior written consent of Cantor. Each
of the parties hereto shall receive notice of any proposed amendment to the terms of the Private Placement Units and their underlying
securities at least two business days prior to the effective date of such amendment.

12.4. Binding upon Successors. This Agreement
shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and to their respective heirs, legal representatives, successors
and permitted assigns.

13. Notices

13.1 Notices. Unless otherwise provided herein,
any notice or other communication to a party hereunder shall be sufficiently given if in writing and personally delivered or sent by facsimile
or other electronic transmission with copy sent in another manner herein provided or sent by courier (which for all purposes of this Agreement
shall include Federal Express or other recognized overnight courier) or mailed to said party by certified mail, return receipt requested,
at its address provided for herein or such other address as either may designate for itself in such notice to the other. Communications
shall be deemed to have been received when delivered personally, on the scheduled arrival date when sent by next day or 2nd-day courier
service, or if sent by facsimile upon receipt of confirmation of transmittal or, if sent by mail, then three days after deposit in the
mail. If given by electronic transmission, such notice shall be deemed to be delivered (a) if by electronic mail, when directed to an
electronic mail address at which the recipient has consented to receive notice; (b) if by a posting on an electronic network together
with separate notice to the recipient of such specific posting, upon the later of (1) such posting and (2) the giving of such separate
notice; and (c) if by any other form of electronic transmission, when directed to the recipient.

14. Counterparts

This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts,
all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been
signed by each party and delivered to the other party, it being understood that both parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the
event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or by e-mail delivery of a pdf format data file, such signature
shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force
and effect as if such facsimile or .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

15. Survival; Severability

15.1. Survival. The representations, warranties,
covenants and agreements of the parties hereto shall survive each Closing Date.

15.2. Severability. In the event that any provision
of this Agreement becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, unenforceable or void, this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect without said provision; provided that no such severability shall be effective if it materially changes
the economic benefit of this Agreement to any party.

16. Headings.

The titles and subtitles used in this Agreement are
used for convenience only and are not to be considered in construing or interpreting this Agreement.

[remainder of page intentionally left blank]

8 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have executed this Agreement to be effective as of the date first set forth above.

COMPANY: 

SOULPOWER ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

By: /s/ Justin Lafazan 

Name: Justin Lafazan 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

SUBSCRIBER: 

CANTOR FITZGERALD & CO. 

By: /s/ Sage Kelly 

Name: Sage Kelly 

Title: Global Head of Investment Banking 

[Signature Page Private Placement Units
Purchase Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ex10-5.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.5

April 1, 2025

Soulpower Acquisition Corporation

250 West 55th Street

17th Floor

New York, NY 10019

Re: Initial Public Offering

Ladies and Gentlemen:

This letter (this Letter
Agreement) is being delivered to you in accordance with the Underwriting Agreement (the Underwriting Agreement)
entered into by and among Soulpower Acquisition Corporation., a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company)
and Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. as representative (the Representative) of the underwriters (the Underwriters),
relating to an underwritten initial public offering (the Public Offering), of up to 25,300,000 of the Companys
units (including up to 3,300,000 units which may be purchased to cover over-allotments, if any) (the Units),
each comprised of one Class A ordinary share, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (the Class A Ordinary Shares)
and one right to receive one tenth (1/10) of a Class A ordinary share upon the consummation of an initial business combination (each,
a Share Right). The Units shall be sold in the Public Offering pursuant to the registration statement on Form
S-1 (File No. 333-284465), Form S-1 MEF (File No: 333-286324) and prospectus (the Prospectus) filed
by the Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) and the Company shall apply
to have the Units listed on the New York Stock Exchange. Certain capitalized terms used herein are defined in paragraph 11 hereof.

In order to induce the Company
and the Underwriters to enter into the Underwriting Agreement and to proceed with the Public Offering and for other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Soulpower Acquisition Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company (the Sponsor) and each of the undersigned individuals, each of whom is a member of the Companys
board of directors and/or management team (each an Insider and, collectively, the Insiders),
hereby agree with the Company as follows:

1. The Sponsor and each Insider
agree that if the Company seeks shareholder approval of a proposed Business Combination, then in connection with such proposed Business
Combination, it, he or she shall (i) vote all Founder Shares, Private Placement Shares, and any shares acquired by it, him or her in the
Public Offering or the secondary public market in favor of such proposed Business Combination, except that it, he or she shall not vote
any Class A Ordinary Shares that it, he or she purchased after the Company publicly announces its intention to engage in such proposed
Business Combination for or against such proposed Business Combination and (ii) not redeem any Class A Ordinary Shares owned by it, him
or her in connection with such shareholder approval. If the Company seeks to consummate a proposed Business Combination by engaging in
a tender offer, the Sponsor and each Insider agrees that it, he or she will not sell or tender any Ordinary Shares owned by it, him or
her in connection herewith.

2. The Sponsor and each Insider
agree that in the event that the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination by the date that is 24 months after the closing of
the Public Offering, or such earlier date as Companys board of directors may approve, or such later date as the Companys
shareholders may approve, in each case in accordance with the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association,
as may be amended from time to time (the Completion Window and the Memorandum and Articles,
respectively), the Sponsor and each Insider shall take all reasonable steps to cause the Company to (i) cease all operations except for
the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten (10) business days thereafter, subject to lawfully
available funds therefor, redeem 100% of the Class A Ordinary Shares sold as part of the Units in the Public Offering (the Offering
Shares), at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including
interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and less up to $100,000 of interest
to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of Offering Shares then in issue, which redemption will completely extinguish the
Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject
to applicable law and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Companys
remaining shareholders and the Companys board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Companys
obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and other requirements of applicable law. The Sponsor and the
Insiders agree to not propose any amendment to the Memorandum and Articles not for the purposes of approving, or in conjunction with the
consummation of, a Business Combination (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to allow redemption in
connection with a Business Combination or to redeem one hundred per cent (100%) of the Offering Shares if the Company has not consummated
a Business Combination within the Completion Window or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to the rights of holders
of Class A Ordinary Shares or pre-initial Business Combination activity, unless the Company provides its Public Shareholders with the
opportunity to redeem their Offering Shares upon effectiveness of any such amendment at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the
aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the Trust Account and not previously released to the
Company to pay its taxes, divided by the number of Offering Shares then in issue, subject to applicable law. The Sponsor and each Insider
acknowledges that it, he or she will not be entitled to rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any
Founder Shares or Private Placement Shares held by it, him or her if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Completion
Window; although it, he or she will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Offering Shares
it, he or she holds if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the prescribed time frame. The Sponsor and each Insider
hereby further acknowledge that it, he or she will not be entitled to (a) redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares, Private
Placement Shares, and Offering Shares held by it, him or her, in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination, or (b) redemption
rights with respect to Founder Shares, Private Placement Shares, and Offering Shares held by it, him or her in connection with a shareholder
vote to amend the Memorandum and Articles in the manner described above.

3. To the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law and the Memorandum and Articles, the Company hereby agrees to defend, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate (including
the advancement of expenses to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law) the Sponsor and its members (present and former), managers
and affiliates and their respective present and former officers and directors (each, a Sponsor Indemnitee)
from any and all costs, fees, expenses, judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties, reasonable attorneys fees and amounts paid in
settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such costs, fees,
expenses, judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement) actually, and reasonably, incurred by a Sponsor Indemnitee
or on a Sponsor Indemnitees behalf in connection with any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, arbitration, mediation,
alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, inquiry, hearing or any other actual, threatened or completed proceeding instituted
by the Company or any third party, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative in nature, in respect of any investment opportunities
sourced by a Sponsor Indemnitee for the Company or any liability arising with respect to a Sponsor Indemnitees activities in connection
with the affairs of the Company (in each case to the extent that such indemnification, hold harmless and exoneration obligations with
respect to such matters are not expressly covered by a separate written agreement between the Company and the applicable Sponsor Indemnitee);
provided, that in no event shall a Sponsor Indemnitee be entitled to be indemnified or held harmless hereunder in respect of any
costs, fees, expenses, judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (if any) that a Sponsor Indemnitee may
incur by reason of such persons own actual fraud or intentional misconduct; provided, further, that, for the avoidance
of doubt, under no circumstance shall a Sponsor Indemnitee have a claim to any monies or assets held in the Trust Account, and the Company
shall not be permitted to procure monies or assets held in the Trust Account for the satisfaction of its obligations to any Sponsor Indemnitee
in respect of the indemnification provided hereunder. The Sponsor Indemnitees shall be third party beneficiaries of this paragraph.

2 

4. During the period commencing on the effective date
of the Underwriting Agreement and ending 180 days after such date, the undersigned shall not, without the prior written consent of the
Representative, (i) sell, offer to sell, contract or agree to sell, hypothecate, pledge, grant any option to purchase or otherwise dispose
of or agree to dispose of, directly or indirectly, or establish or increase a put equivalent position or liquidate or decrease a call
equivalent position within the meaning of Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations
of the Commission promulgated thereunder, any Units, Class A Ordinary Shares, the Companys Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001
per share (the Class B Ordinary Shares and, together with the Class A Ordinary Shares, the Ordinary
Shares), Share Rights or any securities convertible into, or exercisable, or exchangeable for, Class A Ordinary Shares
owned by him, her or it; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not apply to transfers to the Sponsor by the Insiders,
(ii) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership
of any Units, Class A Ordinary Shares, Founder Shares, Share Rights or any securities convertible into, or exercisable, or exchangeable
for, Class A Ordinary Shares owned by him, her or it, whether any such transaction is to be settled by delivery of such securities, in
cash or otherwise or (iii) publicly announce any intention to effect any transaction specified in clause (i) or (ii). If the undersigned
is an officer or director of the Company, the undersigned further agrees that the forgoing restrictions shall be equally applicable to
any issuer-directed Units that the undersigned may purchase in the Public Offering.

5. In the event of the liquidation
of the Trust Account, the Sponsor (which for purposes of clarification shall not extend to any officer, member or manager of the Sponsor)
agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever (including,
but not limited to, any and all legal or other expenses reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation,
whether pending or threatened, or any claim whatsoever) to which the Company may become subject as a result of any claim by (i) any third
party (other than the Companys independent public accountants) for services rendered or products sold to the Company or (ii) a
prospective target business with which the Company has entered into a letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or
business combination agreement (a Target); provided, however, that such indemnification of the
Company by the Sponsor shall apply only to the extent necessary to ensure that such claims by a third party for services rendered (other
than the Companys independent public accountants) or products sold to the Company or a Target do not reduce the amount of funds
in the Trust Account to below (A) $10.00 per Offering Share or (B) such lesser amount per Offering Share held in the Trust Account as
of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case including interest
earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and net of taxes payable, except as to any claims by a third party or Target that executed
an agreement waiving claims against and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account whether or not such agreement is enforceable. In
the event that any such executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against such third party, the Sponsor shall not be responsible for
any liability as a result of any such third-party claims. Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, such indemnification of the Company by
the Sponsor shall not apply as to any claims under the Companys obligation to indemnify the Underwriters against certain liabilities,
including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). The Sponsor shall
have the right to defend against any such claim with counsel of its choice reasonably satisfactory to the Company if, within fifteen (15)
days following written receipt of notice of the claim to the Sponsor, the Sponsor notifies the Company in writing that it shall undertake
such defense.

6. To the extent that the Underwriters
do not exercise their over-allotment option to purchase an additional 3,300,000 Units (as described in the Prospectus), the Sponsor agrees,
upon the expiration or waiver of such option, to forfeit and surrender for no consideration for cancellation, a number of Founder Shares
equal to the product of 1,100,000 multiplied by a fraction, (i) the numerator of which is 3,300,000 minus the number of Units purchased
by the Underwriters upon the exercise of their over-allotment option, and (ii) the denominator of which is 3,300,000. The forfeiture and
surrender will be adjusted to the extent that the over-allotment option is not exercised in full by the Underwriters so that the Founder
Shares will represent 25% of the Companys issued and outstanding Ordinary Shares after the Public Offering (not including the Private
Placement Shares). The Sponsor further agrees that to the extent that the size of the Public Offering is increased or decreased and the
Sponsor has either purchased or sold Ordinary Shares or an adjustment to the number of Founder Shares has been effected by way of a share
dividend or share capitalization, or a surrender for no consideration or share contribution back to capital, or otherwise, in each case
in connection with such increase or decrease in the size of the Public Offering, then (A) the references to 3,300,000 in the numerator
and denominator of the formula in the first sentence of this paragraph 6 shall be changed to a number equal to 15% of the number of Class
A Ordinary Shares included in the Units issued in the Public Offering and (B) the reference to 1,100,000 in the formula set forth in the
first sentence of this paragraph 6 shall be adjusted to such number of Founder Shares that the Sponsor would have to collectively return
to the Company in order for all holders of Founder Shares to hold an aggregate of 25% of the Companys issued and outstanding Ordinary
Shares after the Public Offering (not including the Private Placement Shares).

3 

7. The Sponsor and each Insider
hereby agrees and acknowledges that: (i) each of the Underwriters and the Company would be irreparably injured in the event of a breach
by the Sponsor of its obligations (as applicable) under paragraphs 1, 2, 4, 5, 6, 8(a) and 8(b) or by each Insider of its obligations
under paragraphs 1, 2, 4, 8(a) and 8(b), (ii) monetary damages may not be an adequate remedy for such breach and (iii) the non-breaching
party shall be entitled to injunctive relief, in addition to any other remedy that such party may have in law or in equity, in the event
of such breach.

8. Transfer Restrictions.

(a) Subject to the exceptions
set forth herein, the Sponsor and each Insider agree not to Transfer, directly or indirectly, any Founder Shares or the Class A Ordinary
Shares issuable upon conversion of the Founder Shares held by it, him or her until the earlier of (i) one year after the completion of
a Business Combination or earlier if, subsequent to a Business Combination, the closing price of the Class A Ordinary Shares equals or
exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share consolidations, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the Business Combination and
(ii) subsequent to a Business Combination, the date on which the Company consummates a subsequent liquidation, merger, share exchange
or other similar transaction which results in all of the Companys shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A Ordinary
Shares for cash, securities or other property (the Lock-up).

(b) Subject to the exceptions
set forth herein, the Sponsor and each Insider agree not to Transfer, directly or indirectly, any Private Placement Units (including the
underlying Private Placement Shares and Private Placement Rights) held by it, he or she until thirty (30) days after the completion of
a Business Combination.

(c) Notwithstanding the provisions
set forth in paragraphs 8(a) and 8(b), transfers of the Founder Shares (including the Class A Ordinary Shares issued or issuable upon
the conversion of the Founder Shares) and Private Placement Units (including the underlying Private Placement Shares and Private Placement
Rights) that are held by the Sponsor, any Insider or any of their permitted transferees, as applicable (that have complied with any applicable
requirements of this paragraph 8(c)), are permitted (i) to the Companys or the Representatives officers, directors, advisors
or consultants, any affiliate or family member of any of the Companys or the Representatives officers, directors, advisors
or consultants, any members or partners of the Sponsor or their affiliates and funds and accounts advised by such members or partners,
any affiliates of the Sponsor, or any employees of such affiliates, (ii) in the case of an individual, as a gift to such persons
immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is a member of such persons immediate family, an affiliate of such person
or to a charitable organization; (iii) in the case of an individual, by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death of such
person; (iv) in the case of an individual, pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order; (v) by private sales or transfers made in
connection with any forward purchase agreement or similar arrangement, in connection with an extension of the Completion Window or in
connection with the consummation of a Business Combination at prices no greater than the price at which the shares or units were originally
purchased; (vi) pro rata distributions from the Sponsor or the Representative to its respective members, partners or shareholders pursuant
to the Sponsors or the Representatives limited liability company agreement or other charter documents; (vii) by virtue of
the laws of the Cayman Islands or the Sponsors limited liability company agreement upon dissolution of the Sponsor or upon dissolution
of the Representative, (viii) in the event of the Companys liquidation prior to consummation of a Business Combination; (ix) in
the event that, subsequent to the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange
or other similar transaction which results in all of its shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash,
securities or other property or (x) to a nominee or custodian of a person or entity to whom a transfer would be permissible under clauses
(i) through (vii); provided, however, that, in the case of clauses (i) through (vii), these permitted transferees must enter
into a written agreement agreeing to be bound by these transfer restrictions herein and the other restrictions contained in this Agreement
(including provisions relating to voting, the Trust Account and liquidating distributions).

4 

9. Each Insiders biographical
information furnished to the Company and the Representative that is included in the Prospectus is true and accurate in all respects and
does not omit any material information with respect to such Insiders background and contains all of the information required to
be disclosed pursuant to Item 401 of Regulation S-K, promulgated under the Securities Act. Each Insiders questionnaire furnished
to the Company and the Representative including any such information that is included in the Prospectus is true and accurate in all respects.
Each Insider represents and warrants that: (i) such Insider is not subject to or a respondent in any legal action for, any injunction,
cease-and-desist order or order or stipulation to desist or refrain from any act or practice relating to the offering of securities in
any jurisdiction; (ii) such Insider has never been convicted of, or pleaded guilty to, any crime (A) involving fraud, (B) relating to
any financial transaction or handling of funds of another person or (C) pertaining to any dealings in any securities and such Insider
is not currently a defendant in any such criminal proceeding; and (iii) none of the Sponsor or any such Insider has ever been suspended
or expelled from membership in any securities or commodities exchange or association or had a securities or commodities license or registration
denied, suspended or revoked.

10. The Sponsor and each Insider
has full right and power, without violating any agreement to which it, he or she is bound (including, without limitation, any non-competition
or non-solicitation agreement with any employer or former employer), to enter into this Letter Agreement and, as applicable, to serve
as an officer of the Company or as a director on the board of directors of the Company and each Insider hereby consents to being named
in the Prospectus as an officer and/or director of the Company, as applicable.

11. As used herein, (i) Business
Combination shall mean a merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar
business combination, involving the Company and one or more businesses or entities; (ii) Founder Shares shall
mean the Class B Ordinary Shares held by the Sponsor prior to the consummation of the Public Offering; (iii) Private Placement
Units shall mean the aggregate of 620,000 private placement units (whether or not the underwriters over-allotment
option is exercised in full) that the Representative and Sponsor have agreed to purchase for an aggregate purchase price of $6,200,000
(whether or not the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full), or $10.00 per unit, in a private placement that shall
occur simultaneously with the consummation of the Public Offering. Each Private Placement Unit consists of one Class A Ordinary Share
(the Private Placement Share) and one Share Right (the Private Placement Rights)
to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one Class A Ordinary Share upon the consummation of the Companys Business Combination; (iv) Public
Shareholders shall mean the holders of Offering Shares other than the Sponsor and the Insiders; (v) Trust
Account shall mean the trust fund into which a portion of the net proceeds of the Public Offering and the sale of the Private
Placement Units shall be deposited; and (vi) Transfer shall mean the (a) sale of, offer to sell, contract
or agreement to sell, hypothecate, pledge, grant of any option to purchase or otherwise dispose of or agreement to dispose of, directly
or indirectly, or establishment or increase of a put equivalent position or liquidation with respect to or decrease of a call equivalent
position within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder
with any respect to, any security, (b) entry into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of
the economic consequences of ownership of any security, whether any such transaction is to be settled by delivery of such securities,
in cash or otherwise, or (c) public announcement of any intention to effect any transaction specified in clause (a) or (b).

12. This Letter Agreement constitutes
the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior understandings,
agreements or representations by or among the parties hereto, written or oral, to the extent they relate in any way to the subject matter
hereof or the transactions contemplated hereby. This Letter Agreement may not be changed, amended, modified or waived (other than to correct
a typographical error) as to any particular provision, except by a written instrument executed by all parties hereto. Each of the parties
hereto hereby acknowledges and agrees that each Representative is a third-party beneficiary of this Letter Agreement.

5 

13. No party hereto may assign
either this Letter Agreement or any of its rights, interests or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the other parties.
Any purported assignment in violation of this paragraph 13 shall be void and ineffectual and shall not operate to transfer or assign any
interest or title to the purported assignee. This Letter Agreement shall be binding on the Sponsor, each Insider and each of their respective
successors, heirs and assigns and permitted transferees.

14. This Letter Agreement shall
be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflicts of
law principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction. The parties hereto (i) all agree
that any action, proceeding, claim or dispute arising out of, or relating in any way to, this Letter Agreement shall be brought and enforced
in the courts of the State of New York located in the City and County of New York, Borough of Manhattan, and irrevocably submit to such
jurisdiction and venue, which jurisdiction and venue shall be exclusive and (ii) waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and
venue or that such courts represent an inconvenient forum.

15. Any notice, consent or request
to be given in connection with any of the terms or provisions of this Letter Agreement shall be in writing and shall be sent by express
mail or similar private courier service, by certified mail (return receipt requested), by hand delivery or facsimile transmission.

16. This Letter Agreement shall
terminate on the earlier of (i) the expiration of the Lock-up or (ii) the liquidation of the Company; provided, however,
that this Letter Agreement shall earlier terminate in the event that the Public Offering is not consummated and closed by December 31,
2025; provided, further, that paragraph 5 of this Letter Agreement shall survive such liquidation.

6 

Sincerely,

SOULPOWER ACQUISITION SPONSOR LLC 

By: /s/ Justin Lafazan 

Name: Justin Lafazan 

Title: Authorized Signatory of Managing Member 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO LETTER AGREEMENT]

7 

INSIDERS:

/s/ Justin Lafazan 

Name: Justin Lafazan 

/s/ Teresa Strassner 

Name: Teresa Strassner 

/s/ Jeffrey Hoffman 

Name: Jeffrey Hoffman 

/s/ Blake Janover 

Name: Blake Janover 

/s/ Ty R. Sagalow 

Name: Ty R. Sagalow 

/s/ David Magli 

Name: David Magli 

/s/ Marques Colston 

Name: Marques Colston 

/s/ Frank Candio 

Name: Frank Candio 

/s/ Daniel Hickey 

Name: Daniel Hickey 

/s/ Natasha Srulowitz 

Name: Natasha Srulowitz 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO LETTER AGREEMENT] 

8 

Acknowledged and Agreed:

SOULPOWER ACQUISITION CORPORATION

By: /s/ Justin Lafazan 

Name: Justin Lafazan 

Title: Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO LETTER AGREEMENT] 

9
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.6
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>ex10-6.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.6

Form of
INDEMNITY AGREEMENT

THIS INDEMNITY AGREEMENT (this Agreement)
is made as of April 1, 2025, by and between Soulpower Acquisition Corporation, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company),
and the undersigned (Indemnitee).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, highly competent persons have become
more reluctant to serve publicly-held companies as directors, officers or in other capacities unless they are provided with adequate protection
through insurance or adequate indemnification against inordinate risks of claims and actions against them arising out of their service
to and activities on behalf of such companies;

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company
(the Board) has determined that, in order to attract and retain qualified individuals, the Company will attempt
to maintain on an ongoing basis, at its sole expense, liability insurance to protect persons serving the Company and its Subsidiaries
(as defined below) from certain liabilities;

WHEREAS, while the Amended and Restated Memorandum
and Articles of Association of the Company provide for the indemnification of the officers and directors of the Company, Indemnitee may
also be entitled to indemnification pursuant to applicable Cayman Islands law, and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of
Association (as may be amended from time to time, the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association)
provide that the indemnification provisions set forth therein are not exclusive, and thereby contemplate that contracts may be entered
into between the Company and members of the board of directors, officers and other persons with respect to indemnification, hold harmless,
exoneration, advancement and reimbursement rights;

WHEREAS, the uncertainties relating to such
insurance and to indemnification have increased the difficulty of attracting and retaining such persons;

WHEREAS, the Board has determined that the
increased difficulty in attracting and retaining such persons is detrimental to the best interests of the Companys shareholders
and that the Company should act to assure such persons that there will be increased certainty of such protection in the future;

WHEREAS, it is reasonable, prudent and necessary
for the Company contractually to obligate itself to indemnify, hold harmless, exonerate and to advance expenses on behalf of, such persons
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company so
that they will serve or continue to serve the Company free from undue concern that they will not be so protected against liabilities;

WHEREAS, this Agreement is a supplement to
and in furtherance of the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company and any resolutions adopted pursuant
thereto, and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder; and

WHEREAS, Indemnitee may not be willing to serve
as an officer or director without adequate protection, and the Company desires Indemnitee to serve in such capacity, and Indemnitee is
willing to serve, continue to serve and to take on additional service for or on behalf of the Company on the condition that he or she
be so indemnified.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises
and the covenants contained herein, the Company and Indemnitee do hereby covenant and agree as follows:

TERMS AND CONDITIONS

1. SERVICES TO THE COMPANY. In consideration
of the Companys covenants and obligations hereunder, Indemnitee will serve or continue to serve as an officer, director, advisor,
key employee or any other capacity of the Company, as applicable, for so long as Indemnitee is duly elected or appointed or retained or
until Indemnitee tenders his or her resignation or until Indemnitee is removed. The foregoing notwithstanding, this Agreement shall continue
in full force and effect after Indemnitee has ceased to serve as a director, officer, advisor, key employee or in any other capacity of
the Company, as provided in Section 17. This Agreement, however, shall not impose any obligation on Indemnitee or the Company to continue
Indemnitees service to the Company beyond any period otherwise required by law or by other agreements or commitments of the parties,
if any.

2. DEFINITIONS. As used in this Agreement:

(a) References to agent
shall mean any person who is or was a director, officer or employee of the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company or other person authorized
by the Company to act for the Company, to include such person serving in such capacity as a director, officer, employee, fiduciary or
other official of another company, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust or other enterprise at the
request of, for the convenience of, or to represent the interests of the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company.

(b) The terms Beneficial Owner
and Beneficial Ownership shall have the meanings set forth in Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act
(as defined below) as in effect on the date hereof.

(c) Cayman Court shall
mean the courts of the Cayman Islands.

(d) A Change in Control
shall be deemed to occur upon the earliest to occur after the date of this Agreement of any of the following events:

(i) Acquisition of Shares by Third Party. Other
than an affiliate of Soulpower Acquisition Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor),
any Person (as defined below) is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing fifteen
percent (15%) or more of the combined voting power of the Companys then outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the
election of directors, unless (1) the change in the relative Beneficial Ownership of the Companys securities by any Person results
solely from a reduction in the aggregate number of outstanding shares of securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors,
or (2) such acquisition was approved in advance by the Continuing Directors (as defined below) and such acquisition would not constitute
a Change in Control under part (iii) of this definition;

(ii) Change in Board of Directors. Individuals
who, as of the date hereof, constitute the Board, and any new director whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the Companys
shareholders was approved by a vote of at least two thirds of the directors then still in office who were directors on the date hereof
or whose election for nomination for election was previously so approved (collectively, the Continuing Directors),
cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board;

2 

(iii) Corporate Transactions. The effective
date of a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination, involving the Company
and one or more businesses (a Business Combination), in each case, unless, following such Business Combination:
(1) all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the Beneficial Owners of securities entitled to vote generally in
the election of directors immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 50% of the
combined voting power of the then outstanding securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors resulting
from such Business Combination (including, without limitation, a company which as a result of such transaction owns the Company or all
or substantially all of the Companys assets either directly or through one or more Subsidiaries) in substantially the same proportions
as their ownership immediately prior to such Business Combination, of the securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors;
(2) other than an affiliate of the Sponsor, no Person (excluding any company resulting from such Business Combination) is the Beneficial
Owner, directly or indirectly, of 15% or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities entitled to vote generally
in the election of directors of the surviving company except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to the Business Combination;
and (3) at least a majority of the Board of Directors of the company resulting from such Business Combination were Continuing Directors
at the time of the execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the Board of Directors, providing for such Business Combination;

(iv) Liquidation. The approval by the shareholders
of the Company of a complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement or series of agreements for the sale or disposition by the Company
of all or substantially all of the Companys assets, other than factoring the Companys current receivables or escrows due
(or, if such approval is not required, the decision by the Board to proceed with such a liquidation, sale, or disposition in one transaction
or a series of related transactions); or

(v) Other Events. There occurs any other event
of a nature that would be required to be reported in response to Item 6(e) of Schedule 14A of Regulation 14A (or any successor rule) (or
a response to any similar item on any similar schedule or form) promulgated under the Exchange Act (as defined below), whether or not
the Company is then subject to such reporting requirement.

(e) Companies Law shall
mean the Companies Act (Revised) of the Cayman Islands, as amended from time to time.

(f) Corporate Status describes
the status of a person who is or was a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent
of the Company or of any other Enterprise (as defined below) which such person is or was serving at the request of the Company.

(g) Disinterested Director
shall mean a director of the Company who is not and was not a party to the Proceeding (as defined below) in respect of which indemnification
is sought by Indemnitee.

(h) Enterprise shall mean
the Company and any other company, corporation, constituent company or corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed
in a consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its wholly owned Subsidiaries) is a party, limited liability company, partnership,
joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise of which Indemnitee is or was serving at the request of the Company as
a director, officer, trustee, general partner, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent.

(i) Exchange Act shall
mean the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

3 

(j) Expenses shall include
all direct and indirect costs, fees and expenses of any type or nature whatsoever, including, without limitation, all reasonable attorneys
fees and costs, retainers, court costs, transcript costs, fees of experts, witness fees, travel expenses, fees of private investigators
and professional advisors, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees, fax transmission
charges, secretarial services and all other disbursements, obligations or expenses in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing
to prosecute or defend, investigating, being or preparing to be a witness in, settlement or appeal of, or otherwise participating in,
a Proceeding (as defined below), including reasonable compensation for time spent by the Indemnitee for which he or she is not otherwise
compensated by the Company or any third party. Expenses also shall include Expenses incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from
any Proceeding (as defined below), including without limitation the principal, premium, security for, and other costs relating to any
cost bond, supersedes bond, or other appeal bond or its equivalent. Expenses, however, shall not include amounts paid in settlement by
Indemnitee or the amount of judgments or fines against Indemnitee.

(k) References to fines
shall include any excise tax assessed on Indemnitee with respect to any employee benefit plan.

(l) References to serving at the request
of the Company shall include any service as a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary of the Company or a Subsidiary
of the Company which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary with respect to
an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee reasonably
believed to be in the best interests of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan, Indemnitee shall be deemed to
have acted in a manner not opposed to the best interests of the Company as referred to in this Agreement.

(m) Independent Counsel
shall mean a law firm or a member of a law firm with significant experience in matters of corporation law and that neither presently is,
nor in the past five years has been, retained to represent: (i) the Company or Indemnitee in any matter material to either such party
(other than with respect to matters concerning Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar indemnification
agreements); or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding (as defined below) giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the term Independent Counsel shall not include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional
conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine
Indemnitees rights under this Agreement.

(n) The term Person shall
have the meaning as set forth in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act as in effect on the date hereof; provided, however, that
Person shall exclude: (i) the Company; (ii) any Subsidiaries of the Company; (iii) any employment benefit plan of the Company
or of a Subsidiary (as defined below) of the Company or of any corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the shareholders of the Company
in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of shares of the Company; and (iv) any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities
under an employee benefit plan of the Company or of a Subsidiary (as defined below) of the Company or of a corporation owned directly
or indirectly by the shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of shares of the Company.

(o) The term Proceeding
shall include any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, arbitration, mediation, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation,
inquiry, administrative hearing or any other actual, threatened or completed proceeding, whether brought in the right of the Company or
otherwise and whether of a civil (including intentional or unintentional tort claims), criminal, administrative or investigative or related
nature, in which Indemnitee was, is, will or might be involved as a party or otherwise by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was
a director or officer of the Company, by reason of any action (or failure to act) taken by him or her or of any action (or failure to
act) on his or her part while acting as a director or officer of the Company, or by reason of the fact that he or she is or was serving
at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, general partner, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other
Enterprise, in each case whether or not serving in such capacity at the time any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification,
reimbursement, or advancement of expenses can be provided under this Agreement.

(p) The term Subsidiary,
with respect to any Person, shall mean any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust or other entity of
which a majority of the voting power of the voting equity securities or equity interest is owned, directly or indirectly, by that Person.

4 

3. INDEMNITY IN THIRD-PARTY PROCEEDINGS. To
the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, the
Company shall indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3 if Indemnitee was,
is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise) in any Proceeding, other than a Proceeding
by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status. Pursuant to this
Section 3, Indemnitee shall be indemnified, held harmless and exonerated against all Expenses, judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties
and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect
of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement) actually, and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on his
or her behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner
he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company and, in the case of a criminal Proceeding,
had no reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful.

4. INDEMNITY IN PROCEEDINGS BY OR IN THE RIGHT
OF THE COMPANY. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association
of the Company, the Company shall indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions of this Section
4 if Indemnitee was, is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise) in any Proceeding
by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status. Pursuant to this
Section 4, Indemnitee shall be indemnified, held harmless and exonerated against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him
or her on his or her behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted in good faith
and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company. No indemnification, hold harmless
or exoneration for Expenses shall be made under this Section 4 in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which Indemnitee shall have
been finally adjudged by a court to be liable to the Company, unless and only to the extent that any court in which the Proceeding was
brought or the Cayman Court shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances
of the case, Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification, to be held harmless or to exoneration.

5. INDEMNIFICATION FOR EXPENSES OF A PARTY WHO
IS WHOLLY OR PARTLY SUCCESSFUL. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement except for Section 27, to the extent that Indemnitee
was or is, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, a party to (or a participant in) and is successful, on the merits or otherwise,
in any Proceeding or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, in whole or in part, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate
Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or her in connection therewith. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful
in such Proceeding but is successful, on the merits or otherwise, as to one or more but less than all claims, issues or matters in such
Proceeding, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles
of Association of the Company, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred
by him or her or on his or her behalf in connection with each successfully resolved claim, issue or matter. If Indemnitee is not wholly
successful in such Proceeding, the Company also shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated
Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee against all Expenses reasonably
incurred in connection with a claim, issue or matter related to any claim, issue, or matter on which Indemnitee was successful. For purposes
of this Section and without limitation, the termination of any claim, issue or matter in such a Proceeding by dismissal, with or without
prejudice, shall be deemed to be a successful result as to such claim, issue or matter.

6. INDEMNIFICATION FOR EXPENSES OF A WITNESS.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement except for Section 27, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of his or her
Corporate Status, a witness or deponent in any Proceeding to which Indemnitee was or is not a party or threatened to be made a party,
he or she shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association
of the Company, be indemnified, held harmless and exonerated against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or her or on
his or her behalf in connection therewith.

5 

7. ADDITIONAL INDEMNIFICATION, HOLD HARMLESS AND
EXONERATION RIGHTS.

(a) Notwithstanding any limitation in Sections 3,
4, or 5, except for Section 27, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum
and Articles of Association of the Company, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee if Indemnitee is a party to or threatened
to be made a party to any Proceeding (including a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor) against
all Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or
payable in connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement) actually and reasonably
incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the Proceeding. No indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration rights shall be available under
this Section 7(a) on account of Indemnitees conduct which constitutes a breach of Indemnitees duty of loyalty to the Company
or its shareholders or is an act or omission not in good faith or which involves intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of the
law.

(b) Notwithstanding any limitation in Sections 3,
4, 5 or 7(a), except for Section 27, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated
Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee if Indemnitee is a party to or
threatened to be made a party to any Proceeding (including a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its
favor) against all Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and other
charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement)
actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the Proceeding.

8. CONTRIBUTION IN THE EVENT OF JOINT LIABILITY.

(a) To the fullest extent permissible under applicable
law, if the indemnification, hold harmless and/or exoneration rights provided for in this Agreement are unavailable to Indemnitee in whole
or in part for any reason whatsoever, the Company, in lieu of indemnifying, holding harmless or exonerating Indemnitee, shall pay, in
the first instance, the entire amount incurred by Indemnitee, whether for judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties, amounts paid or to
be paid in settlement and/or for Expenses, in connection with any Proceeding without requiring Indemnitee to contribute to such payment,
and the Company hereby waives and relinquishes any right of contribution it may have at any time against Indemnitee.

(b) The Company shall not enter into any settlement
of any Proceeding in which the Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding) unless such settlement
provides for a full and final release of all claims asserted against Indemnitee.

(c) The Company hereby agrees to fully indemnify,
hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee from any claims for contribution which may be brought by officers, directors or employees of the
Company other than Indemnitee who may be jointly liable with Indemnitee.

9. EXCLUSIONS. Notwithstanding any provision
in this Agreement, the Company shall not be obligated under this Agreement to make any indemnification, advance expenses, hold harmless
or exoneration payment in connection with any claim made against Indemnitee:

(a) for which payment has actually been received by
or on behalf of Indemnitee under any insurance policy or other indemnity or advancement provision and which payment has not subsequently
been returned, except with respect to any excess beyond the amount actually received under any insurance policy, contract, agreement,
other indemnity or advancement provision or otherwise;

(b) for an accounting of profits made from the purchase
and sale (or sale and purchase) by Indemnitee of securities of the Company within the meaning of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act (or
any successor rule) or similar provisions of state statutory law or common law; or

(c) except as otherwise provided in Sections 14(f)-(g)
hereof, prior to a Change in Control, in connection with any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee, including
any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee against the Company or its directors, officers, employees or other
indemnitees, unless (i) the Board authorized the Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) prior to its initiation or (ii) the Company
provides the indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration payment, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the Company
under applicable law.

6 

10. ADVANCES OF EXPENSES; DEFENSE OF CLAIM.

(a) Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement
to the contrary except for Section 27, and to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law, the Company shall pay the Expenses
incurred by Indemnitee (or reasonably expected by Indemnitee to be incurred by Indemnitee within three months) in connection with any
Proceeding within ten (10) days after the receipt by the Company of a statement or statements requesting such advances from time to time,
prior to the final disposition of any Proceeding. Advances shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and
Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, be unsecured and interest free. Advances shall, to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, be made without regard
to Indemnitees ability to repay the Expenses and without regard to Indemnitees ultimate entitlement to be indemnified, held
harmless or exonerated under the other provisions of this Agreement. Advances shall include any and all reasonable Expenses incurred pursuing
a Proceeding to enforce this right of advancement, including Expenses incurred preparing and forwarding statements to the Company to support
the advances claimed. To the fullest extent required by applicable law, such payments of Expenses in advance of the final disposition
of the Proceeding shall be made only upon the Companys receipt of an undertaking, by or on behalf of Indemnitee, to repay the advanced
amounts to the extent that it is ultimately determined that Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company under the provisions
of this Agreement, the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, applicable law or otherwise. This Section 10(a) shall
not apply to any claim made by Indemnitee for which an indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration payment is excluded pursuant to Section
9.

(b) The Company will be entitled to participate in
the Proceeding at its own expense.

(c) The Company shall not settle any action, claim
or Proceeding (in whole or in part) which would impose any Expense, judgment, fine, penalty or limitation on Indemnitee without Indemnitees
prior written consent.

11. PROCEDURE FOR NOTIFICATION AND APPLICATION FOR INDEMNIFICATION.

(a) Indemnitee agrees to notify promptly the Company
in writing upon being served with any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document relating to any
Proceeding, claim, issue or matter therein which may be subject to indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration rights, or advancement
of Expenses covered hereunder. The failure of Indemnitee to so notify the Company shall not relieve the Company of any obligation which
it may have to Indemnitee under this Agreement, or otherwise.

(b) Indemnitee may deliver to the Company a written
application to indemnify, hold harmless or exonerate Indemnitee in accordance with this Agreement. Such application(s) may be delivered
from time to time and at such time(s) as Indemnitee deems appropriate in his or her sole discretion. Following such a written application
for indemnification by Indemnitee, Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification shall be determined according to Section 12(a) of
this Agreement.

12. PROCEDURE UPON APPLICATION FOR INDEMNIFICATION.

(a) A determination, if required by applicable law,
with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification shall be made in the specific case by one of the following methods,
which shall be at the election of Indemnitee: (i) by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum of
the Board, (ii) by a committee of such directors designated by majority vote of such directors, (iii) if there are no Disinterested Directors
or if such directors so direct, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee,
or (iv) by vote of the shareholders. The Company promptly will advise Indemnitee in writing with respect to any determination that Indemnitee
is or is not entitled to indemnification, including a description of any reason or basis for which indemnification has been denied. If
it is so determined that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, payment to Indemnitee shall be made within ten (10) days after such
determination. Indemnitee shall reasonably cooperate with the person, persons or entity making such determination with respect to Indemnitees
entitlement to indemnification, including providing to such person, persons or entity upon reasonable advance request any documentation
or information which is not privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure and which is reasonably available to Indemnitee and reasonably
necessary to such determination. Any costs or Expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements) incurred by Indemnitee
in so cooperating with the person, persons or entity making such determination shall be borne by the Company (irrespective of the determination
as to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification) and the Company hereby agrees to indemnify and to hold Indemnitee harmless therefrom.

7 

(b) In the event the determination of entitlement
to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 12(a) hereof, the Independent Counsel shall be selected as
provided in this Section 12(b). The Independent Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee (unless Indemnitee shall request that such selection
be made by the Board), and Indemnitee shall give written notice to the Company advising it of the identity of the Independent Counsel
so selected and certifying that the Independent Counsel so selected meets the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined
in Section 2 of this Agreement. If the Independent Counsel is selected by the Board, the Company shall give written notice to Indemnitee
advising him or her of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected and certifying that the Independent Counsel so selected meets
the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement. In either event, Indemnitee or the Company,
as the case may be, may, within ten (10) days after such written notice of selection shall have been received, deliver to the Company
or to Indemnitee, as the case may be, a written objection to such selection; provided, however, that such objection may be asserted only
on the ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined
in Section 2 of this Agreement, and the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper
and timely objection, the person so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If such written objection is so made and substantiated,
the Independent Counsel so selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn or a court of competent
jurisdiction has determined that such objection is without merit. If, within twenty (20) days after submission by Indemnitee of a written
request for indemnification pursuant to Section 11(b) hereof, no Independent Counsel shall have been selected and not objected to, either
the Company or Indemnitee may petition the Cayman Court for resolution of any objection which shall have been made by the Company or Indemnitee
to the others selection of Independent Counsel and/or for the appointment as Independent Counsel of a person selected by the Cayman
Court, and the person with respect to whom all objections are so resolved or the person so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel
under Section (a) hereof. Upon the due commencement of any judicial proceeding or arbitration pursuant to Section 14(a) of this Agreement,
Independent Counsel shall be discharged and relieved of any further responsibility in such capacity (subject to the applicable standards
of professional conduct then prevailing).

(c) The Company agrees to pay the reasonable fees
and expenses of Independent Counsel and to fully indemnify and hold harmless such Independent Counsel against any and all Expenses, claims,
liabilities and damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its engagement pursuant hereto.

13. PRESUMPTIONS AND EFFECT OF CERTAIN PROCEEDINGS.

(a) In making a determination with respect to entitlement
to indemnification hereunder, the person, persons or entity making such determination shall presume that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification
under this Agreement if Indemnitee has submitted a request for indemnification in accordance with Section 11(b) of this Agreement, and
the Company shall have the burden of proof to overcome that presumption in connection with the making by any person, persons or entity
of any determination contrary to that presumption. Neither the failure of the Company (including by the Disinterested Directors or Independent
Counsel) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of any action pursuant to this Agreement that indemnification is proper
in the circumstances because Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct, nor an actual determination by the Company (including
by the Disinterested Directors or Independent Counsel) that Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense
to the action or create a presumption that Indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct.

(b) If the person, persons or entity empowered or
selected under Section 12 of this Agreement to determine whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification shall not have made a determination
within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request therefor, the requisite determination of entitlement to indemnification
shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company,
be deemed to have been made and Indemnitee 12 shall be entitled to such indemnification, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a
material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading, in connection
with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a final judicial determination that any or all such indemnification is expressly prohibited
under applicable law or the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company; provided, however, that such 30-day
period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional fifteen (15) days, if the person, persons or entity making the
determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification in good faith requires such additional time for the obtaining or evaluating
of documentation and/or information relating thereto.

8 

(c) The termination of any Proceeding or of any claim,
issue or matter therein, by judgment, order, settlement or conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not
(except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement) of itself adversely affect the right of Indemnitee to indemnification or create
a presumption that Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in a manner which he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to
the best interests of the Company or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, that Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that his
or her conduct was unlawful.

(d) For purposes of any determination of good faith,
Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith if Indemnitees action is based on the records or books of account of the
Enterprise, including financial statements, or on information supplied to Indemnitee by the directors, manager, or officers of the Enterprise
in the course of their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel for the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any director,
trustee, general partner, manager or managing member, or on information or records given or reports made to the Enterprise, its Board,
any committee of the Board or any director, trustee, general partner, manager or managing member, by an independent certified public accountant
or by an appraiser or other expert selected by the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, trustee, general
partner, manager or managing member. The provisions of this Section 13(d) shall not be deemed to be exclusive or to limit in any way the
other circumstances in which Indemnitee may be deemed or found to have met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in this Agreement.

(e) The knowledge and/or actions, or failure to act,
of any other director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, agent or employee of the Enterprise shall not be
imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to indemnification under this Agreement.

14. REMEDIES OF INDEMNITEE.

(a) In the event that (i) a determination is made
pursuant to Section 12 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under this Agreement, (ii) advancement of
Expenses, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the
Company, is not timely made pursuant to Section 10 of this Agreement, (iii) no determination of entitlement to indemnification shall have
been made pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request for indemnification,
(iv) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to Section 5, 6, 7 or the last sentence of Section 12(a) of this Agreement within
ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor, (v) a contribution payment is not made in a timely manner pursuant
to Section 8 of this Agreement, (vi) payment of indemnification pursuant to Section 3 or 4 of this Agreement is not made within ten (10)
days after a determination has been made that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, or (vii) payment to Indemnitee pursuant to any
hold harmless or exoneration rights under this Agreement or otherwise is not made in accordance with this Agreement, Indemnitee shall
be entitled to an adjudication by the Cayman Court to such indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration, contribution or advancement rights.
Alternatively, Indemnitee, at his or her option, may seek an award in arbitration to be conducted by a single arbitrator pursuant to the
Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. Except as set forth herein, the provisions of Cayman Islands law
(without regard to its conflict of laws rules) shall apply to any such arbitration. The Company shall not oppose Indemnitees right
to seek any such adjudication or award in arbitration.

(b) In the event that a determination shall have been
made pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification, any judicial proceeding or arbitration
commenced pursuant to this Section 14 shall be conducted in all respects as a de novo trial, or arbitration, on the merits and Indemnitee
shall not be prejudiced by reason of that adverse determination.

(c) In any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced
pursuant to this Section 14, Indemnitee shall be presumed to be entitled to be indemnified, held harmless, exonerated to receive advancement
of Expenses under this Agreement and the Company shall have the burden of proving Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified, held harmless,
exonerated and to receive advancement of Expenses, as the case may be, and the Company may not refer to or introduce into evidence any
determination pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement adverse to Indemnitee for any purpose. If Indemnitee commences a judicial proceeding
or arbitration pursuant to this Section 14, Indemnitee shall not be required to reimburse the Company for any advances pursuant to Section
10 until a final determination is made with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification (as to which all rights of appeal
have been exhausted or lapsed).

9 

(d) If a determination shall have been made pursuant
to Section 12(a) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, the Company shall be bound by such determination in
any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact,
or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request
for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law.

(e) The Company shall be precluded from asserting
in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14 that the procedures and presumptions of this Agreement
are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court or before any such arbitrator that the Company is bound by
all the provisions of this Agreement.

(f) The Company shall indemnify and hold harmless
Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the
Company against all Expenses and, if requested by Indemnitee, shall (within ten (10) days after the Companys receipt of such written
request) pay to Indemnitee, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of
Association of the Company, such Expenses which are incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any judicial proceeding or arbitration brought
by Indemnitee: (i) to enforce his or her rights under, or to recover damages for breach of, this Agreement or any other indemnification,
hold harmless, exoneration, advancement or contribution agreement or provision of the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of
Association now or hereafter in effect; or (ii) for recovery or advances under any insurance policy maintained by any person for the benefit
of Indemnitee, regardless of the outcome and whether Indemnitee ultimately is determined to be entitled to such indemnification, hold
harmless or exoneration right, advancement, contribution or insurance recovery, as the case may be (unless such judicial proceeding or
arbitration was not brought by Indemnitee in good faith).

(g) Interest shall be paid by the Company to Indemnitee
at the legal rate under New York law for amounts which the Company indemnifies, holds harmless or exonerates, or advances, or is obliged
to indemnify, hold harmless or exonerate or advance for the period commencing with the date on which Indemnitee requests indemnification,
to be held harmless, exonerated, contribution, reimbursement or advancement of any Expenses and ending with the date on which such payment
is made to Indemnitee by the Company.

15. SECURITY. Notwithstanding anything herein
to the contrary, except for Section 27, to the extent requested by Indemnitee and approved by the Board, the Company may at any time and
from time to time provide security to Indemnitee for the Companys obligations hereunder through an irrevocable bank line of credit,
funded trust or other collateral. Any such security, once provided to Indemnitee, may not be revoked or released without the prior written
consent of Indemnitee.

16. NON-EXCLUSIVITY; SURVIVAL OF RIGHTS; INSURANCE;
SUBROGATION.

(a) The rights of Indemnitee as provided by this Agreement
shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which Indemnitee may at any time be entitled under applicable law, the Amended and
Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, any agreement, a vote of shareholders or a resolution of directors, or otherwise. No
amendment, alteration or repeal of this Agreement or of any provision hereof shall limit or restrict any right of Indemnitee under this
Agreement in respect of any Proceeding (regardless of when such Proceeding is first threatened, commenced or completed) or claim, issue
or matter therein arising out of, or related to, any action taken or omitted by such Indemnitee in his or her Corporate Status prior to
such amendment, alteration or repeal. To the extent that a change in applicable law, whether by statute or judicial decision, permits
greater indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration rights or advancement of Expenses than would be afforded currently under the Amended
and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association or this Agreement, it is the intent of the parties hereto that Indemnitee shall enjoy
by this Agreement the greater benefits so afforded by such change. No right or remedy herein conferred is intended to be exclusive of
any other right or remedy, and every other right and remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given
hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder,
or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other right or remedy.

10 

(b) The Companies Law and the Amended and Restated
Memorandum and Articles of Association permit the Company to purchase and maintain insurance or furnish similar protection or make other
arrangements including, but not limited to, providing a trust fund, letter of credit, or surety bond (Indemnification Arrangements)
on behalf of Indemnitee against any liability asserted against him or her or incurred by or on behalf of him or her or in such capacity
as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company, or arising out of his or her status as such, whether or not the Company would
have the power to indemnify him or her against such liability under the provisions of this Agreement or under the Companies Law, as it
may then be in effect. The purchase, establishment, and maintenance of any such Indemnification Arrangement shall not in any way limit
or affect the rights and obligations of the Company or of Indemnitee under this Agreement except as expressly provided herein, and the
execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company and Indemnitee shall not in any way limit or affect the rights and obligations
of the Company or the other party or parties thereto under any such Indemnification Arrangement.

(c) To the extent that the Company maintains an insurance
policy or policies providing liability insurance for directors, officers, trustees, partners, managers, managing members, fiduciaries,
employees, or agents of the Company or of any other Enterprise which such person serves at the request of the Company, Indemnitee shall
be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any such
director, officer, trustee, partner, managers, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent under such policy or policies. If, at the
time the Company receives notice from any source of a Proceeding as to which Indemnitee is a party or a participant (as a witness, deponent
or otherwise), the Company has director and officer liability insurance in effect, the Company shall give prompt notice of such Proceeding
to the insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the respective policies. The Company shall thereafter take all necessary
or desirable action to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a result of such Proceeding in accordance
with the terms of such policies.

(d) In the event of any payment under this Agreement,
the Company, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of
the Company, shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee, including with respect
to any insurance. The Indemnitee shall execute all papers required and take all action necessary to secure such 16 rights, including execution
of such documents as are necessary to enable the Company to bring suit to enforce such rights. No such payment by the Company shall be
deemed to relieve any insurer of its obligations.

(e) The Companys obligation to indemnify, hold
harmless, exonerate or advance Expenses hereunder to Indemnitee who is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer,
trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other Enterprise shall be reduced by any amount Indemnitee
has actually received as indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration payments or advancement of expenses from such Enterprise. Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary except for Section 27, (i) Indemnitee shall have no obligation to reduce, offset,
allocate, pursue or apportion any indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration, advancement, contribution or insurance coverage among multiple
parties possessing such duties to Indemnitee prior to the Companys satisfaction and performance of all its obligations under this
Agreement, and (ii) the Company shall perform fully its obligations under this Agreement without regard to whether Indemnitee holds, may
pursue or has pursued any indemnification, advancement, hold harmless, exoneration, contribution or insurance coverage rights against
any person or entity other than the Company.

(f) Notwithstanding anything contained herein, the
Company is the primary indemnitor, and any indemnification or advancement obligation of the Sponsor or its affiliates is secondary.

17. DURATION OF AGREEMENT. All agreements and
obligations of the Company contained herein shall continue during the period Indemnitee serves as a director or officer of the Company
or as a director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other corporation, partnership,
joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other Enterprise which Indemnitee serves at the request of the Company and shall continue
thereafter so long as Indemnitee shall be subject to any possible Proceeding (including any rights of appeal thereto and any Proceeding
commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 14 of this Agreement) by reason of his or her Corporate Status, whether or not he or she is
acting in any such capacity at the time any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification or advancement can be provided
under this Agreement.

11 

18. SEVERABILITY. If any provision or provisions
of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever: (a) the validity, legality and enforceability
of the remaining provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section, paragraph or sentence of this
Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable)
shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and
the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company; (b) such provision or provisions shall be deemed reformed
to the extent necessary to conform to applicable law and to give the maximum effect to the intent of the parties hereto; and (c) to the
fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section, paragraph or sentence
of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable)
shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested thereby.

19. ENFORCEMENT AND BINDING EFFECT.

(a) The Company expressly confirms and agrees that
it has entered into this Agreement and assumed the obligations imposed on it hereby in order to induce Indemnitee to serve as a director,
officer or key employee of the Company, and the Company acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying upon this Agreement in serving as a director,
officer or key employee of the Company.

(b) Without limiting any of the rights of Indemnitee
under the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company as they may be amended from time to time, this Agreement
constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements
and understandings, oral, written and implied, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof.

(c) The indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration
and advancement of expenses rights provided by or granted pursuant to this Agreement shall be binding upon and be enforceable by the parties
hereto and their respective successors and assigns (including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise
to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company), shall continue as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to be a director,
officer, employee or agent of the Company or a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee
or agent of any other Enterprise at the Companys request, and shall inure to the benefit of Indemnitee and his or her spouse, assigns,
heirs, devisees, executors and administrators and other legal representatives.

(d) The Company shall require and cause any successor
(whether direct or indirect by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all, substantially all or a substantial part, of the business
and/or assets of the Company, by written agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Indemnitee, expressly to assume and agree to
perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no such succession had
taken place.

(e) The Company and Indemnitee agree herein that a
monetary remedy for breach of this Agreement, at some later date, may be inadequate, impracticable and difficult of proof, and further
agree that such breach may cause Indemnitee irreparable harm. Accordingly, the parties hereto agree that Indemnitee may, to the fullest
extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, enforce this Agreement
by seeking, among other things, injunctive relief and/or specific performance hereof, without any necessity of showing actual damage or
irreparable harm and that by seeking injunctive relief and/or specific performance, Indemnitee shall not be precluded from seeking or
obtaining any other relief to which he or she may be entitled. The Company and Indemnitee further agree that Indemnitee shall, to the
fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, be entitled
to such specific performance and injunctive relief, including temporary restraining orders, preliminary injunctions and permanent injunctions,
without the necessity of posting bonds or other undertaking in connection therewith. The Company acknowledges that in the absence of a
waiver, a bond or undertaking may be required of Indemnitee by a court of competent jurisdiction, Company hereby waives any such requirement
of such a bond or undertaking to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of
Association of the Company.

20. MODIFICATION AND WAIVER. No supplement,
modification or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by the Company and Indemnitee. No waiver of any
of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions of this Agreement nor shall any
waiver constitute a continuing waiver.

12 

21. NOTICES. All notices, requests, demands
and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given (i) if delivered by hand
and receipted for by the party to whom said notice or other communication shall have been directed, or (ii) mailed by certified or registered
mail with postage prepaid, on the third (3rd) business day after the date on which it is so mailed:

(a) If to Indemnitee, at the address indicated on
the signature page of this Agreement, or such other address as Indemnitee shall provide in writing to the Company.

(b) If to the Company, to:

Soulpower Acquisition Corporation

250 West 55th Street

17th Floor

New York, NY 10019

Attn: Justin Lafazan

Email: justin@fam1investments.com

With a copy, which shall not constitute notice, to

Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP

1185 Avenue of the Americas

New York, New York 10036

Attn: Avital Perlman, Esq.

Facsimile: (212) 930-9700

Email: aperlman@srfc.law

or to any other address as may have been furnished
to Indemnitee in writing by the Company.

22. APPLICABLE LAW AND CONSENT TO JURISDICTION.
This Agreement and the legal relations among the parties shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws
of the State of New York, without regard to its conflict of laws rules. Except with respect to any arbitration commenced by Indemnitee
pursuant to Section 14(a) of this Agreement, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum
and Articles of Association of the Company, the Company and Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally: (a) agree that any action
or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought only in the Cayman Court and not in any other state
or federal court in the United States of America or any court in any other country; (b) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction
of the Cayman Court for purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement; (c) waive any objection
to the laying of venue of any such action or proceeding in the Cayman Court; and (d) waive, and agree not to plead or to make, any claim
that any such action or proceeding brought in the Cayman Court has been brought in an improper or inconvenient forum, or is subject (in
whole or in part) to a jury trial. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles
of Association of the Company, the parties hereby agree that the mailing of process and other papers in connection with any such action
or proceeding in the manner provided by Section 21 or in such other manner as may be permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated
Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, shall be valid and sufficient service thereof.

23. IDENTICAL COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement
may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original but all of which together
shall constitute one and the same Agreement. Only one such counterpart signed by the party against whom enforceability is sought needs
to be produced to evidence the existence of this Agreement.

24. MISCELLANEOUS. Use of the masculine pronoun
shall be deemed to include usage of the feminine pronoun where appropriate. The headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted
for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute part of this Agreement or to affect the construction thereof.

25. PERIOD OF LIMITATIONS. No legal action
shall be brought and no cause of action shall be asserted by or in the right of the Company against Indemnitee, Indemnitees spouse,
heirs, executors or personal or legal representatives after the expiration of two years from the date of accrual of such cause of action,
and any claim or cause of action of the Company shall be extinguished and deemed released unless asserted by the timely filing of a legal
action within such two-year period; provided, however, that if any shorter period of limitations is otherwise applicable to any such cause
of action such shorter period shall govern.

13 

26. ADDITIONAL ACTS. If for the validation
of any of the provisions in this Agreement any act, resolution, approval or other procedure is required to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, the Company undertakes to cause
such act, resolution, approval or other procedure to be affected or adopted in a manner that will enable the Company to fulfill its obligations
under this Agreement.

27. WAIVER OF CLAIMS TO TRUST ACCOUNT. Indemnitee
hereby agrees that he or she does not have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind (each, a Claim)
in or to any monies in the trust account established in connection with the Companys initial public offering for the benefit of
the Company and holders of shares issued in such offering, and hereby waives any Claim he or she may have in the future as a result of,
or arising out of, any services provided to the Company and will not seek recourse against such trust account for any reason whatsoever.

28. MAINTENANCE OF INSURANCE. The Company shall
use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain and maintain in effect during the entire period for which the Company is obligated to indemnify
the Indemnitee under this Agreement, one or more policies of insurance with reputable insurance companies to provide the officers/directors
of the Company with coverage for losses from wrongful acts and omissions and to ensure the Companys performance of its indemnification
obligations under this Agreement. The Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to
the maximum extent of the coverage available for any such director or officer under such policy or policies. In all such insurance policies,
the Indemnitee shall be named as an insured in such a manner as to provide the Indemnitee with the same rights and benefits as are accorded
to the most favorably insured of the Companys directors and officers.

29. INTERPRETATION

In this Agreement:

(a) words importing the singular number include the plural number
and vice versa; words importing the masculine gender include the feminine gender; words importing persons include corporations as well
as any other legal or natural person;

(b) written and in writing include all modes of representing or reproducing words in visible form, including in the form of an Electronic Record;

(e) shall shall be construed as imperative and may shall be construed as permissive;

(f) references to provisions of any law or regulation shall be construed as references to those provisions as amended, modified, re-enacted or replaced;

(g) any phrase introduced by the terms including, include, in particular or any similar expression shall be construed as illustrative and shall not limit the sense of the words preceding those terms;

(h) the term and/or is used herein to mean both and as well as or. The use of and/or in certain contexts in no respects qualifies or modifies the use of the terms and or or in others. The term or shall not be interpreted to be exclusive and the term and shall not be interpreted to require the conjunctive (in each case, unless the context otherwise requires);

(i) headings are inserted for reference only and shall be ignored in construing this Agreement;

(j) any requirements as to delivery under this Agreement include delivery in the form of an electronic record (as defined in the Electronic Transactions Act (Revised));

(k) any requirements as to execution or signature under this Agreement including the execution of this Agreement itself can be satisfied in the form of an electronic signature (as defined in the Electronic Transactions Act (Revised));

(l) sections 8 and 19(3) of the Electronic Transactions Act (Revised) shall not apply.

[Signature Page Follows]

14 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have
caused this Indemnity Agreement to be signed as of the day and year first above written.

SOULPOWER ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

By: 

Name: Justin Lafazan 

Title: Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors 

INDEMNITEE 

By: 

Name: 

Address: 

[Signature page - Indemnity Agreement]

15
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.7
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>ex10-7.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.7

Soulpower
Acquisition Corporation

300
Park Avenue, 2nd Floor

New
York, New York 10022

United
States of America

April
1, 2025

SOULPOWER
INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION

135
W 50th St Suite 200

New
York, New York 10020

United
States of America

Re:
Administrative Services Agreement

Ladies
and Gentlemen:

This
Administrative Services Agreement (this Agreement) by and between Soulpower Acquisition Corporation, a Cayman Islands exempted
company (the Company) and SOULPOWER INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION, a Cayman Islands limited liability company (the Provider),
dated as of the date hereof, will confirm our agreement that, commencing on the date the securities of the Company are first listed on
the New York Stock Exchange (the Listing Date) and continuing until the earlier of the consummation by the Company of an
initial business combination and the Companys liquidation (in each case as described in the Registration Statement on Form S-1
to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission) (such earlier date hereinafter referred to as the Termination Date),
the Provider shall make available, or shall procure that is made available, to the Company, at 250 W 55th St 17th Floor, New York, New
York 10019, United States of America (or any successor location or other existing office locations of the Provider or any of its affiliates),
certain office space, administrative and support services as may be reasonably requested by the Company. In exchange therefor, the Company
shall pay the Provider (or, at the request of the Provider, an affiliate of the Provider) the sum of $5,000 per month on the Listing
Date and continuing monthly thereafter until the Termination Date.

The
Provider hereby irrevocably waives any and all right, title, interest, causes of action and claims of any kind (each, a Claim)
in or to, and any and all right to seek payment of any amounts due to it out of, the trust account established for the benefit of the
public shareholders of the Company and into which substantially all of the proceeds of the Companys initial public offering will
be deposited (the Trust Account), and hereby irrevocably waives any Claim it may have in the future as a result of, or
arising out of, this Agreement, which Claim would reduce, encumber or otherwise adversely affect the Trust Account or any monies or other
assets in the Trust Account, and further agrees not to seek recourse, reimbursement, payment or satisfaction of any Claim against the
Trust Account or any monies or other assets in the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever.

This
Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of its subject matter and supersedes all
prior understandings, agreements, or representations by or among the parties hereto, written or oral, to the extent they relate in any
way to the subject matter hereof or the transactions contemplated hereby.

This
Agreement may not be amended, modified or waived as to any particular provision, except by a written instrument executed by all parties
hereto.

No
party hereto may assign either this Agreement or any of its rights, interests, or obligations hereunder without the prior written approval
of the other party. Any purported assignment in violation of this paragraph shall be void and ineffectual and shall not operate to transfer
or assign any interest or title to the purported assignee.

Any
litigation between the parties (whether grounded in contract, tort, statute, law or equity) shall be governed by, construed in accordance
with, and interpreted pursuant to the laws of the State of New York.

This
Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original but all of which
together shall constitute one and the same Agreement.

[Signature
page follows]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have duly executed this Administrative Services Agreement as of the date first written above.

SOULPOWER
ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

By: 

/s/
Justin Lafazan 

Name: Justin
Lafazan 

Title: Chief
Executive Officer 

AGREED
AND ACCEPTED BY:

SOULPOWER
INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION 

By: 

/s/
Justin Lafazan 

Name: Justin
Lafazan 

Title: Chief
Executive Officer 

[Signature
Page to Administrative Services Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Soulpower Acquisition Corporation Announces the
Pricing of Upsized $220,000,000 Initial Public Offering

Each Unit Includes One Class A Ordinary Share and

One Share Right to Receive 1/10th of a Class A Ordinary Share

New York, NY, April 1, 2025 Soulpower Acquisition
Corporation (the Company) announced today the pricing of its upsized initial public offering of 22,000,000 units at a price
of $10.00 per unit. The units are expected to be listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) and begin trading tomorrow,
April 2, 2025, under the ticker symbol SOULU. Each unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one right (the Share
Right) to receive one tenth (1/10) of one Class A ordinary share upon the consummation of an initial business combination. An amount
equal to $10.00 per unit will be deposited into a trust account upon the closing of the offering. Once the securities constituting the
units begin separate trading, the Class A ordinary shares and Share Rights are expected to be listed on NYSE under the symbols SOUL
and SOULR, respectively. The offering is expected to close on April 3, 2025, subject to customary closing conditions. The
Company has granted the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional 3,300,000 units at the initial public offering price
to cover over-allotments, if any.

The Company is a blank check company formed for the
purpose of effecting a merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination
with one or more businesses. The Company may pursue an acquisition opportunity in any business or industry or at any stage of its corporate
evolution but will focus on insurance services, retirement savings, and other related financial services.

The Companys management team is led by Justin
Lafazan, its Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors, and Z Teresa Strassner, its Chief Financial Officer and Director.
In addition, the Board includes Jeffrey Hoffman, Blake Janover, Ty Sagalow, David Magli, Marques Colston, Frank Candio, Daniel Hickey
and Natasha Srulowitz.

Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. is acting as sole book-running
manager for the offering.

The offering is being made only by means of a prospectus.
When available, copies of the prospectus may be obtained from Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Attention: Capital Markets, 499 Park Avenue,
5th Floor New York, New York 10022, or by email at prospectus@cantor.com.

A registration statement relating to the securities
has been filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and became effective on April 1, 2025. This press
release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities
in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under
the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains statements that constitute
forward-looking statements, including with respect to the proposed initial public offering and search for an initial business
combination. No assurance can be given that the offering discussed above will be completed on the terms described, or at all, or that
the net proceeds will be used as indicated.

Forward-looking statements are subject to numerous
conditions, many of which are beyond the control of the Company, including those set forth in the Risk Factors section
of the Companys registration statement and prospectus for the Companys initial public offering filed with the SEC. Copies
of these documents are available on the SECs website, www.sec.gov. The Company undertakes no obligation to update
these statements for revisions or changes after the date of this release, except as required by law.

Company Contact:

Soulpower Acquisition Corporation

Justin Lafazan

justin@soulpowerhq.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>ex99-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.2

Soulpower
Acquisition Corporation Announces Closing of $250,000,000 Initial Public Offering

Each
Unit Includes One Class A Ordinary Share and

One Share Right to Receive 1/10th of a Class A Ordinary Share

New
York, NY, April 3, 2025 Soulpower Acquisition Corporation (NYSE: SOUL.U) (the Company) announced today the
closing of its initial public offering of 25,000,000 units which was upsized and which includes the purchase by the underwriters of 3,000,000
additional Units at the offering price, reflecting the partial exercise of their option to purchase up to an additional 3,300,000 Units
to cover over-allotments, at a price of $10.00 per unit, resulting in gross proceeds of $250,000,000. The units began trading on the
New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) on April 2, 2025, under the ticker symbol SOUL.U. Each unit consists
of one Class A ordinary share and one right (the Share Right) to receive one tenth (1/10) of one Class A ordinary share
upon the consummation of an initial business combination. An amount equal to $10.00 per unit was deposited into a trust account upon
the closing of the offering. Once the securities constituting the units begin separate trading, the Class A ordinary shares and Share
Rights are expected to be listed on NYSE under the symbols SOUL and SOULR, respectively.

The
Company is a blank check company formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition, share
purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. The Company may pursue an acquisition opportunity
in any business or industry or at any stage of its corporate evolution but will focus on insurance services, retirement savings, and
other related financial services.

The
Companys management team is led by Justin Lafazan, its Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors, and Z Teresa
Strassner, its Chief Financial Officer and Director. In addition, the Board includes Jeffrey Hoffman, Blake Janover, Ty Sagalow, David
Magli, Marques Colston, Frank Candio, Daniel Hickey and Natasha Srulowitz.

Cantor
Fitzgerald & Co. acted as sole book-running manager for the offering.

A
registration statement relating to the securities has been filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)
and became effective on April 1, 2025. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy,
nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful
prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

Forward-Looking
Statements

This
press release contains statements that constitute forward-looking statements, including with respect to the search for
an initial business combination. No assurance can be given that the net proceeds will be used as indicated.

Forward-looking
statements are subject to numerous conditions, many of which are beyond the control of the Company, including those set forth in the
Risk Factors section of the Companys registration statement and prospectus for the Companys initial public
offering filed with the SEC. Copies of these documents are available on the SECs website, www.sec.gov. The Company undertakes
no obligation to update these statements for revisions or changes after the date of this release, except as required by law.

Company
Contact:

Soulpower
Acquisition Corporation

Justin Lafazan

justin@soulpowerhq.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>ex3-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>soul-20250401.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>soul-20250401_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>soul-20250401_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one right 

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 

Rights, each right entitling the holder to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one Class A ordinary share upon the consummation of the initial business combination 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>soul-20250401_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>0001641172-25-002645-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>31
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0002025608 

2025-04-01 
2025-04-01 

0002025608 

SOUL:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShareAndOneRightMember 

2025-04-01 
2025-04-01 

0002025608 

SOUL:ClassOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember 

2025-04-01 
2025-04-01 

0002025608 

SOUL:RightsEachRightEntitlingHolderToReceiveOnetenth110OfOneClassOrdinaryShareUponConsummationOfInitialBusinessCombinationMember 

2025-04-01 
2025-04-01 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--12-31 
0002025608 
8-K 
2025-04-01 
Soulpower Acquisition Corporation 
E9 
001-42582 
98-1793430 
250 West 55th Street 
17th Floor 
New York 
NY 
10019 
201 
282-6717 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one right 
SOULU 
NYSE 
Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 
SOUL 
NYSE 
Rights, each right entitling the holder to receive one-tenth (1/10) 
SOULR 
NYSE 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>32
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 01, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 01, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 001-42582

Entity Registrant Name Soulpower Acquisition
Corporation

Entity Central Index Key 0002025608

Entity Tax Identification Number 98-1793430

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code E9

Entity Address, Address Line One 250 West 55th Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two 17th Floor

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10019

City Area Code 201

Local Phone Number 282-6717

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one right 

Title of 12(b) Security Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one right

Trading Symbol SOULU

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol SOUL

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Rights, each right entitling the holder to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one Class A ordinary share upon the consummation of the initial business combination 

Title of 12(b) Security Rights,
each right entitling the holder to receive one-tenth (1/10)

Trading Symbol SOULR

Security Exchange Name NYSE

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=SOUL_UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShareAndOneRightMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=SOUL_ClassOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=SOUL_RightsEachRightEntitlingHolderToReceiveOnetenth110OfOneClassOrdinaryShareUponConsummationOfInitialBusinessCombinationMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>33
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
4 
25 
1 
false 
3 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://soulpowerhq.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
soul-20250401.xsd 
soul-20250401_def.xml 
soul-20250401_lab.xml 
soul-20250401_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>35
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>