<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-007425.txt : 20250116
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-007425.hdr.sgml : 20250116
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250116083613
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-007425
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250116
ITEM INFORMATION:		Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Changes in Control of Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250116
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250116

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Gatos Silver, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001517006
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GOLD & SILVER ORES [1040]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				272654848
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39649
		FILM NUMBER:		25534379

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		925 W GEORGIA STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 910
		CITY:			VANCOUVER
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V6C 3L2
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(604) 424 0984

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		925 W GEORGIA STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 910
		CITY:			VANCOUVER
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V6C 3L2

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Sunshine Silver Mining & Refining Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190618

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SUNSHINE SILVER MINES Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110330
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d871159d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

--12-31false000151700600015170062025-01-162025-01-160001517006dei:FormerAddressMember2025-01-162025-01-16

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 16, 2025

GATOS SILVER, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-39649 27-2654848

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

c/o First Majestic Corp.

Suite 1800 - 925 West Georgia Street

Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada V6C 3L2 

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (604) 688-3033

Suite 910 - 925 Georgia Street

Vancouver, British ColumbiaV6C 3L2

Canada

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share GATO New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Introductory Note

On January 16, 2025, Gatos Silver, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Gatos Silver or the Company), completed the previously announced merger (the Merger) with Ocelot Transaction Corporation, a British Columbia company (Merger Sub) and a wholly-owned subsidiary of First Majestic Silver Corp., a British Columbia company (First Majestic), whereby Merger Sub merged with and into the Company, with the Company continuing as the surviving entity and a wholly-owned subsidiary of First Majestic. The Merger was effected pursuant to the terms of the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of September 5, 2024 (the Merger Agreement), by and among First Majestic, Merger Sub and the Company. In addition, the following events took place in connection with the consummation of the Merger:

Item 1.02. 

Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement.

The information set forth in the Introductory Note of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference into this Item 1.02.

In connection with the consummation of the Merger, on January 16, 2025 the Company terminated its Second Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Facility, dated December 13, 2023, by and among the Company, certain subsidiaries of the Company from time to time party thereto, Bank of Montreal, Chicago Branch, as administrative agent, BMO Capital Markets, as bookrunner and mandated lead arranger, and Bank of Montreal, Chicago Branch and certain financial institutions from time to time, as lenders.

Item 2.01 

Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.

The information set forth in the Introductory Note of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference into this Item 2.01.

At the effective time of the Merger, pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, each share of Gatos Silver common stock that was issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time (other than shares of Gatos Silver common stock owned by Gatos Silver (including treasury stock), First Majestic, Merger Sub or by any of their respective wholly-owned subsidiaries) was converted into the right to receive 2.55 First Majestic common shares, with any fractional shares to be paid in cash, without interest.

In addition, pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the Merger, the outstanding and unexercised options to purchase shares of Gatos Silver common stock (whether vested or unvested) were converted into options to acquire First Majestic common shares determined based on the exchange ratio, the outstanding and unvested notional instruments entitling holders to receive a certain number of shares of Gatos Silver common stock (the Gatos DSUs) and the time-vesting restricted stock units covering shares of Gatos Silver common stock (the Gatos RSUs) vested in accordance with the terms of the 2023 Gatos Silver Amended and Restated Long Term Incentive Plan and the relevant Gatos Silver award agreements, and each Gatos DSU and Gatos RSU that vested or became vested in connection with the Merger will settle for a number of First Majestic common shares determined based on the exchange ratio.

The Merger Agreement has been referenced herein to provide investors and stockholders with information regarding its terms. It is not intended to provide any other factual information about the Company, First Majestic or Merger Sub. The representations, warranties and covenants contained in the Merger Agreement were made only for purposes of that agreement and as of specific dates, were solely for the benefit of the parties to the Merger Agreement, may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the

contracting parties, including being qualified by confidential disclosures made for the purposes of allocating contractual risk between the parties to the Merger Agreement instead of establishing these matters as facts, and may be subject to standards of materiality applicable to the contracting parties that differ from those applicable to investors. Investors are not third-party beneficiaries under the Merger Agreement and should not rely on the representations, warranties and covenants or any descriptions thereof as characterizations of the actual state of facts or condition of the Company, First Majestic or Merger Sub or any of their respective subsidiaries or affiliates. Moreover, information concerning the subject matter of the representations and warranties may have changed after the date of the Merger Agreement, which subsequent information may or may not be fully reflected in the Companys or First Majestic public disclosures.

The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the Merger Agreement, which is attached as Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 6, 2024 and is incorporated by reference herein. The disclosure regarding the Merger and the Merger Agreement under Item 5.01 hereof is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.01.

Item 3.01. 

Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing.

The information set forth in the Introductory Note of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference into this Item 3.01.

On January 16, 2025, Gatos Silver notified the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE) of the consummation of the Merger and requested that the NYSE delist Gatos Silvers shares of common stock on January 16, 2025. As a result, trading of Gatos Silvers shares of common stock on the NYSE was suspended prior to the opening of the NYSE on January 16, 2025. Additionally, Gatos Silver requested that the NYSE file a notification of removal from listing and registration on Form 25 with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) to effect the delisting of Gatos Silvers shares of common stock from the NYSE and the deregistration of Gatos Silvers common stock under Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act).

On December 18, 2024, the Toronto Stock Exchange (the TSX) conditionally accepted notice of the delisting of Gatos Silvers shares of common stock from the TSX following the consummation of the Merger. It is expected that Gatos Silvers shares of common stock will be delisted from the TSX following the consummation of the Merger.

Following the effectiveness of the Form 25, Gatos Silver intends to file with the SEC a Form 15 requesting the termination of registration of Gatos Silvers common stock under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act and the suspension of reporting obligations under Section 13 and Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act.

Item 3.03 

Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders.

The information set forth in the Introductory Note, Item 2.01, Item 3.01, Item 5.01 and Item 5.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference.

At the effective time of the Merger, each holder of shares of Gatos Silver common stock immediately prior to the effective time ceased to have any rights as a stockholder of Gatos Silver other than the right to receive the Merger consideration pursuant to the Merger Agreement.

Item 5.01 

Change in Control of Registrant.

The information set forth in the Introductory Note, Item 2.01, Item 3.01, Item 3.03, Item 5.02 and Item 5.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 5.01.

As a result of the consummation of the Merger, a change in control of Gatos Silver occurred. Following the consummation of the Merger, Gatos Silver became a wholly-owned subsidiary of First Majestic.

Item 5.02 

Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the Merger, each of the members of the board of directors of Gatos Silver as of immediately prior to the effective time ceased his or her respective service as a director of Gatos Silver and all of the officers of Gatos Silver as of immediately prior to the effective time ceased to serve in their capacities as officers of Gatos Silver. Such departures were not related to any disagreement with Gatos Silver on any matter related to Gatos Silvers operations, policies or practices.

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the Merger, the directors and officers of Merger Sub became the directors and officers of Gatos Silver. In addition, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, First Majestic agreed to consider for appointment one director, mutually agreeable to Gatos Silver and First Majestic, to be appointed to serve as a director on the First Majestic board. No such person has been appointed to the First Majestic board at this time.

Item 5.03 

Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

In connection with the consummation of the Merger, the certificate of incorporation of Gatos Silver was amended and restated as set forth in Exhibit 3.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K. Additionally, the by-laws of Gatos Silver were amended and restated as set forth in Exhibit 3.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K. The Companys certificate of incorporation and by-laws attached hereto as Exhibits 3.1 and 3.2 are incorporated into this Item 5.03 by reference.

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit

No. 

Description

2.1+ Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated September 5, 2024, by and among Gatos Silver, Inc., First Majestic Silver Corp. and Ocelot Transaction Corp., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of Form 8-K of Registrant filed on September 6, 2024. 

3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Gatos Silver, Inc. 

3.2 Amended and Restated By-Laws of Gatos Silver, Inc. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

+ 

Certain schedules are omitted pursuant to item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. Gatos Silver agrees to furnish supplementally any omitted schedules to the SEC upon request.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

GATOS SILVER, INC.

Date: January 16, 2025 By: 

/s/ Samir Patel

Name: Samir Patel

Title: Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d871159dex31.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.1
<TEXT>
EX-3.1

Exhibit 3.1 

AMENDED AND RESTATED 

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 

OF 

GATOS SILVER, INC.

1. Name. The name of the corporation is Gatos Silver, Inc. 

2. Registered Office and Registered Agent. The address of the registered office of the corporation in Delaware is c/o Registered Agent
Solutions, Inc., 838 Walker Road, Suite 21-2, Dover, County of Kent, Delaware 19904, and the name of its registered agent at that address is Registered Agent Solutions, Inc. 

3. Purposes. The purpose of the corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the
General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. 

4. Capital Stock. The total number of shares of stock that the corporation is
authorized to issue is 5,000 shares, par value $0.001 per share, all of which shares are designated as common stock. 

5. Bylaws. The
board of directors of the corporation is expressly authorized to adopt, amend or repeal bylaws of the corporation. 

6. Limitation of
Director and Officer Liability; Indemnification. 

(a) 

A director or officer of the corporation shall not be liable to the corporation or its stockholders for
monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. 

(b) 

Each person (and the heirs, executors or administrators of such person) who was or is a party or is threatened
to be made a party to, or is involved in any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director or officer of the
corporation or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director or officer of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, shall be indemnified and held harmless by the corporation to the fullest
extent permitted by Delaware law. The right to indemnification conferred in this Section 6 shall also include the right to be paid by the corporation the expenses incurred in connection with any such proceeding in advance of its final
disposition to the fullest extent authorized by Delaware law. The right to indemnification conferred in this Section 6 shall be a contract right. 

(c) 

The corporation may, by action of its board of directors, provide rights to indemnification and to advancement
of expenses to such of the employees and agents of the corporation to such extent and to such effect as the board of directors shall determine to be appropriate and authorized by Delaware law. 

(d) 

The corporation shall have power to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a
director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any
expense, liability or loss incurred by such person in any such capacity or arising out of such persons status as such, whether or not the corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such liability under Delaware law.

(e) 

The rights and authority conferred in this Section 6 shall not be exclusive of any other right that any
person may otherwise have or hereafter acquire. 

(f) 

Neither the amendment nor repeal of this Section 6, nor the adoption of any provision of this Amended and
Restated Certificate of Incorporation or the bylaws of the corporation, nor, to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, any modification of law, shall adversely affect any right or protection of any person granted pursuant hereto existing at,
or arising out of or related to any event, act or omission that occurred prior to, the time of such amendment, repeal, adoption or modification (regardless of when any proceeding (or part thereof) relating to such event, act or omission arises or is
first threatened, commenced or completed). 

7. Elections of Directors. Elections of directors need not be by
written ballot unless the bylaws of the corporation shall so provide.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d871159dex32.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.2
<TEXT>
EX-3.2

Exhibit 3.2 

GATOS SILVER, INC. 

AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS 

JANUARY 16, 2025 

Table of Contents 

Page 

Preamble 1 

Article 1. Stockholders Meetings 1 

1.1 

Place of Meetings 1 

1.2 

Annual Meeting 1 

1.3 

Special Meetings 1 

1.4 

Remote Communications 1 

1.5 

Notice of Meetings 1 

1.6 

Quorum 2 

1.7 

Adjournment of Meetings 2 

1.8 

Voting List 2 

1.9 

Vote Required 3 

1.10 

Chairperson; Secretary 3 

1.11 

Rules of Conduct 3 

1.12 

Inspectors of Elections 3 

1.13 

Record Date 3 

1.14 

Written Consent 4 

Article 2. Directors 4 

2.1 

Number and Qualifications 4 

2.2 

Term of Office 4 

2.3 

Resignation 4 

2.4 

Vacancies 4 

2.5 

Regular Meetings 4 

2.6 

Special Meetings 4 

2.7 

Notice 5 

2.8 

Quorum 5 

2.9 

Vote Required 5 

2.10 

Chairperson; Secretary 5 

2.11 

Use of Communications Equipment 5 

2.12 

Action Without a Meeting 5 

2.13 

Compensation of Directors 6 

2.14 

Committees 6 

2.15 

Chairperson and Vice Chairperson of the Board 6 

Article 3. Officers 6 

3.1 

Offices Created; Qualifications; Election 6 

3.2 

Term of Office 6 

3.3 

Removal of Officers 6 

3.4 

Resignation 7 

3.5 

Vacancies 7 

3.6 

Compensation 7 

ii 

3.7 

Powers 7 

3.8 

Signing Authority 7 

3.9 

Chief Executive Officer 7 

3.10 

President 7 

3.11 

Vice Presidents 7 

3.12 

Chief Financial Officer 7 

3.13 

Chief Operating Officer 8 

3.14 

Treasurer 8 

3.15 

Assistant Treasurers 8 

3.16 

Controller 8 

3.17 

Secretary 8 

3.18 

Assistant Secretaries 8 

Article 4. Capital Stock 9 

4.1 

Stock Certificates 9 

4.2 

Registration; Registered Owners 9 

4.3 

Stockholder Addresses 9 

4.4 

Transfer of Shares 9 

4.5 

Lost, Stolen, Destroyed or Mutilated Certificates 9 

Article 5. General Provisions 10 

5.1 

Waiver of Notice 10 

5.2 

Electronic Transmissions 10 

5.3 

Fiscal Year 10 

5.4 

Voting Stock of Other Organizations 10 

5.5 

Corporate Seal 10 

5.6 

Amendment of Bylaws 10 

Article 6. Indemnification 10 

6.1 

Indemnification 10 

6.2 

Advancement of Expenses 11 

6.3 

Non-Exclusivity 11 

6.4 

Heirs and Beneficiaries 11 

6.5 

Effect of Amendment 11 

iii 

GATOS SILVER, INC. 

BYLAWS 

Amended and
Restated on January 16, 2025 

Article 1. Stockholders Meetings 

1.1 Place of Meetings. Meetings of the stockholders shall be held at such place, either within or without the State of Delaware,
as the board of directors shall determine. Rather than holding a meeting at any designated place, the board of directors may determine that a meeting shall be held solely by means of remote communications, which means shall meet the requirements of
the Delaware General Corporation Law. 

1.2 Annual Meeting. The annual meeting of the stockholders for the election of the
directors and the transaction of such other business as may properly be brought before the meeting shall be held on the date and at the time as the board of directors shall determine. 

1.3 Special Meetings. Special meetings of the stockholders for any purpose or purposes may be called by the board of directors.
No other person or persons may call a special meeting. The business to be transacted at any special meeting shall be limited to the purposes stated in the notice. 

1.4 Remote Communications. The board of directors may permit the stockholders and their proxy holders to participate in meetings
of the stockholders (whether such meetings are held at a designated place or solely by means of remote communication) using one or more methods of remote communication that satisfy the requirements of the Delaware General Corporation Law. The board
of directors may adopt such guidelines and procedures applicable to participation in stockholders meetings by means of remote communication as it deems appropriate. Participation in a stockholders meeting by means of a method of remote
communication permitted by the board of directors shall constitute presence in person at the meeting. 

1.5 Notice of
Meetings. Notice of the place, if any, date and hour of any stockholders meeting shall be given to each stockholder entitled to vote. The notice shall state the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxy
holders may be deemed present in person and vote at the meeting. If the voting list for the meeting is to be made available by means of an electronic 

network or if the meeting is to be held solely by remote communication, the notice shall include the information required to access the reasonably accessible
electronic network on which the corporation will make its voting list available either prior to the meeting or, in the case of a meeting held solely by remote communication, during the meeting. Notice of a special meeting shall also state the
purpose or purposes for which the meeting has been called. Unless otherwise provided in the Delaware General Corporation Law, notice shall be given at least 10 days but not more than 60 days before the date of the meeting. 

Without limiting the manner by which notice may otherwise be given, notice may be given by a form of
electronic transmission that satisfies the requirements of the Delaware General Corporation Law and has been consented to by the stockholder to whom notice is given. If mailed, notice shall be deemed given when deposited in the U.S. mail, postage
prepaid, directed to the stockholders address as it appears in the corporations records. If given by a form of electronic transmission consented to by the stockholder to whom notice is given, notice shall be deemed given at the times
specified with respect to the giving of notice by electronic transmission in the Delaware General Corporation Law. An affidavit of the corporations secretary, an assistant secretary or an agent of the corporation that notice has been given
shall, in the absence of fraud, be prima facie evidence of the facts stated in the affidavit. 

1.6 Quorum. The presence, in
person or by proxy, of the holders of a majority of the voting power of the stock entitled to vote at a meeting shall constitute a quorum. Where a separate vote by a class or series or classes or series of stock is required at a meeting, the
presence, in person or by proxy, of the holders of a majority of the voting power of each such class or series shall also be required to constitute a quorum. In the absence of a quorum, either the chairperson of the meeting or the holders of a
majority of the voting power of the stock present, in person or by proxy, and entitled to vote at the meeting may adjourn the meeting in the manner provided in Section 1.7 until a quorum shall be present. A quorum, once established at a
meeting, shall not be broken by the withdrawal of the holders of enough voting power to leave less than a quorum. If a quorum is present at an original meeting, a quorum need not be present at an adjourned session of that meeting. 

1.7 Adjournment of Meetings. Either the chairperson of the meeting or the holders of a majority of the voting power of the stock
present, in person or by proxy, and entitled to vote at the meeting may adjourn any meeting of stockholders from time to time. At any adjourned meeting the stockholders may transact any business that they might have transacted at the original
meeting. Notice of an adjourned meeting need not be given if the time and place, if any, or the means of remote communications to be used rather than holding the meeting at any place are announced at the meeting so adjourned, except that notice of
the adjourned meeting shall be required if the adjournment is for more than 30 days or if after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting. 

1.8 Voting List. At least 10 days before every meeting of the stockholders, the secretary of the corporation shall prepare a
complete alphabetical list of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting showing each stockholders address and number of shares. This voting list need not include electronic mail addresses or other electronic contact information for any
stockholder nor need it contain any information with respect to beneficial owners of the shares of stock owned although it may do so. For a period of at least 10 days before the meeting, the voting list shall be open to the examination of any
stockholder for any purpose germane to the meeting either on a reasonably accessible electronic network (provided that the information required to gain access to the list is provided with the notice of the meeting) or during ordinary business
hours at the corporations principal place of business. If the list is made available on an electronic network, the corporation may take reasonable steps to ensure that it is available only to stockholders. If the stockholders meeting is
held at a place, the voting list shall be produced and kept at that place for the entire duration of the meeting. If the stockholders meeting is held solely by means of remote communications, the voting list shall be made available for
inspection on a reasonably accessible electronic network for the entire duration of the meeting. In either case, any stockholder may inspect the voting list at any time during the meeting. 

2 

1.9 Vote Required. Subject to the provisions of the Delaware General
Corporation Law requiring a higher level of votes to take certain specified actions and to the terms of the corporations certificate of incorporation that set special voting requirements, the stockholders shall take action on all matters other
than the election of directors by a majority of the voting power of the stock present, in person or by proxy, at the meeting and entitled to vote on the matter. The stockholders shall elect directors by a plurality of the voting power of the stock
present, in person or by proxy, at the meeting and entitled to vote on the matter. 

1.10 Chairperson; Secretary. The
following people shall preside over any meeting of the stockholders: the chairperson of the board of directors, if any, or, in the chairpersons absence, the vice chairperson of the board of directors, if any, or in the vice chairpersons
absence, the chief executive officer, or, in the absence of all of the foregoing persons, a chairperson designated by the board of directors, or, in the absence of a chairperson designated by the board of directors, a chairperson chosen by the
stockholders at the meeting. In the absence of the secretary and any assistant secretary, the chairperson of the meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting. 

1.11 Rules of Conduct. The board of directors or the chairperson may adopt such rules, regulations and procedures for the
conduct of any meeting of the stockholders as it deems appropriate including, without limitation, rules, regulations and procedures regarding participation in the meeting by means of remote communication. Except to the extent inconsistent with any
applicable rules, regulations or procedures adopted by the board of directors, the chairperson of any meeting may adopt such rules, regulations and procedures for the meeting, and take such actions with respect to the conduct of the meeting, as the
chairperson of the meeting deems appropriate. The rules, regulations and procedures adopted may include, without limitation, rules that (i) establish an agenda or order of business, (ii) are intended to maintain order and safety at the
meeting, (iii) restrict entry to the meeting after the time fixed for its commencement and (iv) limit the time allotted to stockholder questions or comments. Unless otherwise determined by the board of directors or the chairperson of the
meeting, meetings of the stockholders need not be held in accordance with the rules of parliamentary procedure. 

1.12 Inspectors of
Elections. The board of directors or the chairperson of a stockholders meeting may appoint one or more inspectors of election and any substitute inspectors to act at the meeting or any adjournment thereof. Inspectors may be
officers, employees or agents of the corporation. Each inspector, before entering on the discharge of the inspectors duties, shall take and sign an oath faithfully to execute the duties of inspector with strict impartiality and according to
the best of the inspectors ability. Inspectors shall have the duties prescribed by the Delaware General Corporation Law. At the request of the chairperson of the meeting, the inspector or inspectors shall prepare a written report of the
results of the votes taken and of any other question or matter determined by the inspector or inspectors. 

1.13 Record Date.
If the corporation proposes to take any action for which the Delaware General Corporation Law would permit it to set a record date, the board of directors may set such a record date as provided under the Delaware General Corporation Law. 

3 

1.14 Written Consent. Any action required or permitted to be taken at a meeting of
the stockholders may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote by means of a stockholder written consent meeting the requirements of the Delaware General Corporation Law. Prompt notice of the taking of action without a
meeting by less than a unanimous written consent shall be given to those stockholders who have not consented as required by the Delaware General Corporation Law. Whenever this section requires or permits a signature, the signature may be a manual,
facsimile, conformed or electronic signature. Electronic signature means an electronic symbol or process that is attached to, or logically associated with, a document and executed or adopted by a person with an intent to authenticate or
adopt the document. 

Article 2. Directors 

2.1 Number and Qualifications. The board of directors shall consist of such number as may be fixed from time to time by
resolution of the board of directors or stockholders. Directors need not be stockholders. 

2.2 Term of Office. Each director
shall hold office until his or her successor is elected or until his or her earlier death, resignation or removal. 

2.3
Resignation. A director may resign, as a director or as a committee member or both, at any time by giving notice in writing or by electronic transmission to the corporation addressed to the board of directors, the chairperson of the
board of directors, the president or the secretary. A resignation will be effective upon its receipt by the corporation unless the resignation specifies, and the remaining directors agree, that it is to be effective at some later time or upon the
occurrence of some specified later event. 

2.4 Vacancies. Any vacancy in the board of directors, including a vacancy
resulting from an enlargement of the board of directors, may be filled by a vote of the majority of the remaining directors, although less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director. If the corporation at the time has outstanding any classes or
series or class or series of stock that have or has the right, alone or with one or more other classes or series or class or series, to elect one or more directors, then any vacancy in the board of directors caused by the death, resignation or
removal of a director so elected shall be filled only by a vote of the majority of the remaining directors so elected, by a sole remaining director so elected or, if no director so elected remains, by the holders of those classes or series or that
class or series. A director appointed by the board of directors shall hold office for the remainder of the term of the director he or she is replacing. 

2.5 Regular Meetings. The board of directors may hold regular meetings without notice at such times and places as it may from
time to time determine, provided that notice of any such determination shall be given to any director who is absent when such a determination is made. A regular meeting of the board of directors may be held without notice immediately after
and at the same place as the annual meeting of the stockholders. 

2.6 Special Meetings. Special meetings of the board of
directors may be called by the chairperson of the board of directors, the chief executive officer or by any director. Notice of any special meeting shall be given to each director and shall state the time and place for the special meeting. 

4 

2.7 Notice. Any time it is necessary to give notice of a board of directors
meeting, notice shall be given (i) in person or by telephone to the director at least 24 hours in advance of the meeting, (ii) by personally delivering written notice to the directors last known business or home address at least 48
hours in advance of the meeting, (iii) by delivering an electronic transmission (including, without limitation, via telefacsimile or electronic mail) to the directors last known number or address for receiving electronic transmissions of
that type at least 48 hours in advance of the meeting, (iv) by depositing written notice with a reputable delivery service or overnight carrier addressed to the directors last known business or home address for delivery to that address no
later than the business day preceding the date of the meeting or (v) by depositing written notice in the U.S. mail, postage prepaid, addressed to the directors last known business or home address no later than the third business day
preceding the date of the meeting. Notice of a meeting need not be given to any director who attends a meeting without objecting prior to the meeting or at its commencement to the lack of notice to that director. A notice of meeting need not specify
the purposes of the meeting. 

2.8 Quorum. A majority of the directors in office at the time shall constitute a quorum.
Thereafter, a quorum shall be deemed present for purposes of conducting business and determining the vote required to take action for so long as at least a third of the total number of directors is present. In the absence of a quorum, the directors
present may adjourn the meeting without notice until a quorum shall be present, at which point the meeting may be held. 

2.9 Vote
Required. The board of directors shall act by the vote of a majority of the directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present. 

2.10 Chairperson; Secretary. If the chairperson and the vice chairperson are not present at any meeting of the board of
directors, or if no such officers have been elected, then the board of directors shall choose a director who is present at the meeting to preside over it. In the absence of the secretary and any assistant secretary, the chairperson may appoint any
person to act as secretary of the meeting. 

2.11 Use of Communications Equipment. Directors may participate in meetings of
the board of directors or any committee of the board of directors by means of conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other. Participation in a meeting in this
manner shall constitute presence in person at the meeting. 

2.12 Action Without a Meeting. Any action required or permitted
to be taken at any meeting of the board of directors may be taken without a meeting if all of the directors consent to the action in writing or by electronic transmission. The writing or writings or electronic transmission or transmissions shall be
filed with the minutes of the proceedings of the board of directors or of the relevant committee. Whenever this section requires or permits a signature, the signature may be a manual, facsimile, conformed or electronic signature. Electronic
signature means an electronic symbol or process that is attached to, or logically associated with, a document and executed or adopted by a person with an intent to authenticate or adopt the document. 

5 

2.13 Compensation of Directors. The board of directors shall from time to time
determine the amount and type of compensation to be paid to directors for their service on the board of directors and its committees. 

2.14 Committees. The board of directors may designate one or more committees, each of which shall consist of one or more
directors. The board of directors may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of a
committee, the member or members present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not such member or members constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the board of directors to act at the meeting in place of
any such absent or disqualified member. Any committee shall, to the extent provided in a resolution of the board of directors and subject to the limitations contained in the Delaware General Corporation Law, have and may exercise all the powers and
authority of the board of directors in the management of the business and affairs of the corporation. Each committee shall keep such records and report to the board of directors in such manner as the board of directors may from time to time
determine. Except as the board of directors may otherwise determine, any committee may make rules for the conduct of its business. Unless otherwise provided in a resolution of the board of directors or in rules adopted by the committee, each
committee shall conduct its business as nearly as possible in the same manner as is provided in these bylaws for the board of directors. 

2.15 Chairperson and Vice Chairperson of the Board. The board of directors may elect from its members a chairperson of the board
and a vice chairperson. If a chairperson has been elected and is present, the chairperson shall preside at all meetings of the board of directors and the stockholders. The chairperson shall have such other powers and perform such other duties as the
board of directors may designate. If the board of directors elects a vice chairperson, the vice chairperson shall, in the absence or disability of the chairperson, perform the duties and exercise the powers of the chairperson and have such other
powers and perform such other duties as the board of directors may designate. 

Article 3. Officers 

3.1 Offices Created; Qualifications; Election. The corporation shall have a president and secretary and such other officers, if
any, as the board of directors from time to time may appoint. Any officer may be, but need not be, a director or stockholder. The same person may hold any two or more offices. The board of directors may elect officers at any time. 

3.2 Term of Office. Each officer shall hold office until his or her successor has been elected, unless a different term is
specified in the resolution electing the officer, or until his or her earlier death, resignation or removal. 

3.3 Removal of
Officers. Any officer may be removed from office at any time, with or without cause, by the board of directors. 

6 

3.4 Resignation. An officer may resign at any time by giving notice in writing
or by electronic transmission to the corporation addressed to the board of directors, the chairperson of the board of directors, the president or the secretary. A resignation will be effective upon its receipt by the corporation unless the
resignation specifies, and the board agrees, that it is to be effective at some later time or upon the occurrence of some specified later event. 

3.5 Vacancies. A vacancy in any office may be filled by the board of directors. 

3.6 Compensation. Officers shall receive such amounts and types of compensation for their services as shall be fixed by the
board of directors. 

3.7 Powers. Unless otherwise specified by the board of directors, each officer shall have those powers
and shall perform those duties that are (i) set forth in these bylaws (if any are so set forth), (ii) set forth in the resolution of the board of directors electing that officer or any subsequent resolution of the board of directors with
respect to that officers duties or (iii) commonly incident to the office held. 

3.8 Signing Authority. Each
officer shall have the power to sign all certificates, contracts, and other instruments on behalf of the corporation. 

3.9 Chief
Executive Officer. The chief executive officer, if any, shall, subject to the direction and control of the board of directors, have general control and management of the business, affairs and policies of the corporation and over its
officers and shall see that all orders and resolutions of the board of directors are carried into effect. 

3.10 President.
The president shall be subject to the direction and control of the chief executive officer and the board of directors and shall have general active management of the business, affairs and policies of the corporation. If the board of directors has
not elected a chief executive officer, the president shall be the chief executive officer. If the board of directors has elected a chief executive officer and that officer is absent, disqualified from acting, unable to act or refuses to act, then
the president shall have the powers of, and shall perform the duties of, the chief executive officer. 

3.11 Vice Presidents.
The vice presidents, if any, shall be subject to the direction and control of the board of directors, the chief executive officer and the president and shall have such powers and duties as the board of directors, the chief executive officer or the
president may assign to them. If the board of directors elects more than one vice president, then it shall determine their respective titles, seniority and duties. If the president is absent, disqualified from acting, unable to act or refuses to
act, the most senior in rank of the vice presidents (as determined by the board of directors) shall have the powers of, and shall perform the duties of, the president. 

3.12 Chief Financial Officer. The chief financial officer, if any, shall be subject to the direction and control of the board of
directors and the chief executive officer, shall have primary responsibility for the financial affairs of the corporation and shall perform such other duties as the chief executive officer may assign. The Vice President, Finance shall have the
powers and duties of the chief financial officer if a chief financial officer has not been elected by the board of directors. 

7 

3.13 Chief Operating Officer. The chief operating officer, if any, shall be
subject to the direction and control of the board of directors and the chief executive officer, shall have primary responsibility for the management and supervision of the
day-to-day operations of the corporation and shall perform such other duties as the chief executive officer may assign. 

3.14 Treasurer. The treasurer, if any, shall have charge and custody of and be responsible for all funds, securities and
valuable papers of the corporation. The treasurer shall deposit all funds in the depositories or invest them in the investments designated or approved by the board of directors or any officer or officers authorized by board of directors to make such
determinations. The treasurer shall disburse funds under the direction of the board of directors or any officer or officers authorized by the board of directors to make such determinations. The treasurer shall keep full and accurate accounts of all
funds received and paid on account of the corporation and shall render a statement of these accounts whenever the board of directors or the chief executive officer shall so request. If the board of directors has not elected a chief financial
officer, the treasurer or a Vice President, Finance shall be the chief financial officer. If the board of directors has not elected a controller, the treasurer shall be the controller. 

3.15 Assistant Treasurers. The assistant treasurers, if any, shall have such powers and duties as the board of directors, the
chief executive officer, the president or the treasurer may assign to them. If the board of directors elects more than one assistant treasurers, then it shall determine their respective titles, seniority and duties. If the treasurer is absent,
disqualified from acting, unable to act or refuses to act, the most senior in rank of the assistant treasurers (as determined by the board of directors) shall have the powers of, and shall perform the duties of, the treasurer. 

3.16 Controller. The controller, if any, shall be the chief accounting officer of the corporation and shall be in charge of its
books of account, accounting records and accounting procedures. 

3.17 Secretary. The secretary shall, to the extent
practicable, attend all meetings of the stockholders and the board of directors. The secretary shall record the proceedings of the stockholders and the board of directors, including all actions by written consent, in a book or series of books to be
kept for that purpose. The secretary shall perform like duties for any committee of the board of directors if the committee so requests. The secretary shall give, or cause to be given, notice of all meetings of the stockholders and special meetings
of the board of directors. Unless the corporation has appointed a transfer agent, the secretary shall keep or cause to be kept the stock and transfer records of the corporation. The secretary shall have such other powers and duties as the board of
directors, the chief executive officer or the president may determine. 

3.18 Assistant Secretaries. The assistant
secretaries, if any, shall have such powers and duties as the board of directors, the chief executive officer, the president or the secretary may assign to them. If the board of directors elects more than one assistant secretary, then it shall
determine their respective titles, seniority and duties. If the secretary is absent, disqualified from acting, unable to act or refuses to act, the most senior in rank of the assistant secretaries (as determined by the board of directors) shall have
the powers of, and shall perform the duties of, the secretary. 

8 

Article 4. Capital Stock 

4.1 Stock Certificates. The corporations shares of stock shall be represented by certificates, provided that the
board of directors may, subject to the limits imposed by law, provide by resolution or resolutions that some or all of any or all classes or series shall be uncertificated shares. Shares of stock represented by certificates shall be in such form as
shall be approved by the board of directors. Stock certificates shall be numbered in the order of their issue and shall be signed by or in the name of the corporation by (i) the chairperson or vice chairperson, if any, of the board of
directors, the president or a vice president and (ii) the treasurer, an assistant treasurer, the secretary or an assistant secretary. Any or all of the signatures on a certificate may be a facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent
or registrar who signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be an officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the corporation with the same effect as if
such person were such officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue. Each certificate that is subject to any restriction on transfer shall have conspicuously noted on its face or back either the full text of the restriction or a
statement of the existence of the restriction. Each certificate shall have on its face or back a statement that the corporation will furnish without charge to each stockholder who so requests the powers, designations, preferences and relative,
participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences or rights. 

4.2 Registration; Registered Owners. The name of each person owning a share of the corporations capital stock shall be
entered on the books of the corporation together with the number of shares owned, the date or dates of issue and the number or numbers of the certificate or certificates, if any, covering such shares. The corporation shall be entitled to treat the
record holder of stock as shown on its books as the owner of such stock for all purposes regardless of any transfer, pledge or other disposition of such stock until the shares have been properly transferred on the books of the corporation. 

4.3 Stockholder Addresses. It shall be the duty of each stockholder to notify the corporation of the stockholders address.

4.4 Transfer of Shares. Registration of transfer of shares of the corporations stock shall be made only on the books
of the corporation at the request of the registered holder or of the registered holders duly authorized attorney (as evidenced by a duly executed power of attorney provided to the corporation) and upon surrender of the certificate or
certificates representing those shares, if in certificated form, properly endorsed or accompanied by a duly executed stock power. The board of directors may make further rules and regulations concerning the transfer and registration of shares of
stock and the certificates representing them and may appoint a transfer agent or registrar or both and may require all stock certificates to bear the signature of either or both. 

4.5 Lost, Stolen, Destroyed or Mutilated Certificates. The corporation may issue a new stock certificate of stock in the place
of any certificate theretofore issued by it alleged to have been lost, stolen, destroyed or mutilated. The board of directors may require the owner of the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, or the owners legal representatives, to
give the 

9 

corporation such bond or such surety or sureties as the board of directors, in its sole discretion, deems
sufficient to indemnify the corporation against any claim that may be made against it on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction or the issuance of such new certificate and, in the case of a certificate alleged to have been mutilated, to
surrender the mutilated certificate. 

Article 5. General Provisions 

5.1 Waiver of Notice. Any stockholder or director may execute a written waiver or give a waiver by electronic transmission of
notice of the meeting, either before or after such meeting. Any such waiver shall be filed with the records of the corporation. If any stockholder or director shall be present at any meeting it shall constitute a waiver of notice of the meeting,
except when that stockholder or director attends for the express purpose of objecting at the beginning of the meeting to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. A waiver of notice of meeting need not
specify the purposes of the meeting. 

5.2 Electronic Transmissions. For purposes of these bylaws, electronic
transmission shall mean a form of communication not directly involving the physical transmission of paper that satisfies the requirements with respect to such communications contained in the Delaware General Corporation Law. 

5.3 Fiscal Year. The fiscal year of the corporation shall be fixed by resolution of the board of directors. 

5.4 Voting Stock of Other Organizations. Except as the board of directors may otherwise designate, each of officer may waive
notice of, and act as, or appoint any person or persons to act as, proxy or attorney-in-fact for the corporation (with power of substitution) at any meeting of the
stockholders, members or other owners of any other corporation or organization the securities or ownership interests of which are owned by the corporation. 

5.5 Corporate Seal. The Corporation shall have no seal. 

5.6 Amendment of Bylaws. These bylaws, including any bylaws adopted or amended by the stockholders, may be amended or repealed
by the board of directors. 

Article 6. Indemnification 

6.1 Indemnification. The corporation shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, indemnify every person who is or was a party
or is or was threatened to be made a party to any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (an Action), by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director or officer of the
corporation or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, trustee, plan administrator or plan fiduciary of another corporation, partnership, limited liability company, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise
(an Indemnified Person), against all expenses (including attorneys fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement or other disposition that the Indemnified Person actually and reasonably incurs in connection with the
Action and shall reimburse each such person for all legal fees and expenses reasonably incurred by such person in seeking to enforce its rights to indemnification under this Article (by means of legal action or otherwise). 

10 

6.2 Advancement of Expenses. Upon written request from an Indemnified Person,
the corporation shall pay the expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred by such Indemnified Person in connection with any Action in advance of the final disposition of such Action. The corporations obligation to pay expenses pursuant
to this Section shall be contingent upon the Indemnified Person providing the undertaking required by the Delaware General Corporation Law. 

6.3 Non-Exclusivity. The rights of indemnification and advancement of expenses contained
in this Article shall not be exclusive of any other rights to indemnification or similar protection to which any Indemnified Person may be entitled under any agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors, insurance policy or otherwise.

6.4 Heirs and Beneficiaries. The rights created by this Article shall inure to the benefit of each Indemnified Person and
each heir, executor and administrator of such Indemnified Person. 

6.5 Effect of Amendment. Neither the amendment,
modification or repeal of this Article nor the adoption of any provision in these bylaws inconsistent with this Article shall adversely affect any right or protection of an Indemnified Person with respect to any act or omission that occurred prior
to the time of such amendment, modification, repeal or adoption. 

11
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>gato-20250116.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000001 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>gato-20250116_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>gato-20250116_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Document And Entity Information [Table] 
Document And Entity Information [Table] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 
Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Address Type [Domain] 
Address Type [Domain] 

Entity Addresses Address Type [Axis] 
Entity Addresses Address Type [Axis] 

Former Address [Member] 
Former Address [Member] 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address Address Line 1 
Entity Address Address Line 1 

Entity Address Address Line 2 
Entity Address Address Line 2 

Entity Address City Or Town 
Entity Address City Or Town 

Entity Address State Or Province 
Entity Address State Or Province 

Entity Address Country 
Entity Address Country 

Entity Address Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Ex Transition Period 
Entity Ex Transition Period 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 
Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>gato-20250116_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Document and Entity Information

Jan. 16, 2025

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Jan. 16, 2025

Entity Registrant Name GATOS SILVER, INC.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-39649

Entity Tax Identification Number 27-2654848

Entity Address Address Line 1 c/o First Majestic Corp.

Entity Address Address Line 2 Suite 1800 - 925 West Georgia Street

Entity Address City Or Town Vancouver

Entity Address State Or Province BC

Entity Address Country CA

Entity Address Postal Zip Code V6C 3L2

City Area Code 604

Local Phone Number 688-3033

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share

Trading Symbol GATO

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Entity Ex Transition Period true

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001517006

Former Address [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Entity Address Address Line 1 Suite 910 - 925 Georgia Street

Entity Address City Or Town Vancouver

Entity Address State Or Province BC

Entity Address Country CA

Entity Address Postal Zip Code V6C 3L2

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCountry

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:countryCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: gato_DocumentAndEntityInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: gato_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressesAddressTypeAxis=dei_FormerAddressMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
2 
26 
1 
false 
1 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000001 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://gatossilver.com//20250116/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d871159d8k.htm 
gato-20250116.xsd 
gato-20250116_def.xml 
gato-20250116_lab.xml 
gato-20250116_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-007425-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>d871159d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001517006 

2025-01-16 
2025-01-16 

0001517006 

dei:FormerAddressMember 

2025-01-16 
2025-01-16 

--12-31 
false 
0001517006 
8-K 
2025-01-16 
GATOS SILVER, INC. 
DE 
001-39649 
27-2654848 
c/o First Majestic Corp. 
Suite 1800 - 925 West Georgia Street 
Vancouver 
BC 
CA 
V6C 3L2 
604 
688-3033 
Suite 910 - 925 Georgia Street 
Vancouver 
BC 
V6C 3L2 
CA 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share 
GATO 
NYSE 
true 
true
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>