<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-007029.txt : 20250127
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-007029.hdr.sgml : 20250127
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250127163731
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-007029
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250127
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250127
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250127

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PMGC Holdings Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001840563
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				851399981
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41875
		FILM NUMBER:		25559598

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		120 NEWPORT CENTER DRIVE
		STREET 2:		STE 250
		CITY:			NEWPORT BEACH
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92660
		BUSINESS PHONE:		18667944940

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		120 NEWPORT CENTER DRIVE
		STREET 2:		STE 250
		CITY:			NEWPORT BEACH
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92660

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Elevai Labs Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20211207

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Reactive Medical Labs Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210114
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0228858-8k_pmgc.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000184056300018405632025-01-272025-01-27iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

Current Report

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF

THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
January 27, 2025

PMGC Holdings Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada 001-41875 33-2382547

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

c/o 120 Newport Center Drive, Ste. 250

Newport Beach, CA 92660

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: (866) 794-4940

Elevai Labs Inc.

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, $0.0001 par value ELAB The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into
a Material Definitive Agreement.

On
January 27, 2025, PMGC Holdings Inc. (the Company) entered into a warrant inducement agreement (the Warrant Inducement
Agreement) with certain warrant holders (the Warrant Holders) which references the Companys common stock purchase
warrants (the Existing Warrants) registered for sale under the registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-281987)
to purchase shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock).

Pursuant
to the Warrant Inducement Agreement, the holders of the Existing Warrants agreed to reduce the exercise price of their Existing
Warrants from $11.20 per share to $2.00 per share and to exercise such Existing Warrants at the reduced exercise price. Additionally, the Company agreed to issue unregistered warrants (the New
Warrants) with an exercise price of $2.75 per share (subject to adjustment pursuant to the terms of the warrant agreement for
such New Warrants (the New Warrant Agreement), to purchase 969,386 shares of Common Stock, in the
aggregate.

The
transactions contemplated by the Warrant Inducement Agreement and the New Warrant Agreement are expected to close on or about January
28, 2025. When exercised, the Company will receive aggregate gross proceeds up to approximately $1,938,772, before deducting expenses
payable by the Company.

Terms of the New Warrants

The
New Warrants will have an exercise price of $2.75 per share and will be exercisable at any time on or after the Shareholder Approval Date
(as defined below) (such date, the Initial Exercise Date) and on or prior to 5:00pm (New York, New York time) on the five
year anniversary of the Initial Exercise Date, provided that if such date is not a Trading Day (as defined below), the immediately
following Trading Day (such date, the Termination Date) but not thereafter. Capitalized terms used herein but not otherwise
defined have the meanings set forth in the New Warrant Agreement.

Shareholder
Approval means such approval as may be required by the applicable rules and regulations of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (or any
successor entity) from the shareholders of the Company with respect to issuance of all of the Warrant Shares, including, without limitation,
to give full effect to the adjustment to the Exercise Price and/or number of Warrant Shares following any Dilutive Issuance.

Shareholder
Approval Date means the first (1st) Trading Day following the Companys notice to the warrant holder of Shareholder Approval,
which notice shall be provided within two (2) Trading Days of the effectiveness of the Shareholder Approval in accordance with SEC rules
and regulations and applicable law and provisions of the Companys Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary, such notice shall be deemed to be given by a public filing with the SEC disclosing the effectiveness of the Shareholder
Approval.

Trading
Day means a day on which the Trading Market (as defined below) is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in
question: The Nasdaq Capital Market, The Nasdaq Global Market, The Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange, or the NYSE
American, (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Warrant
Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the New Warrants.

If
at the time of exercise there is no effective registration statement registering the New Warrants, or the prospectus contained therein
is not available for the issuance of the New Warrants to the Holder or the resale of the New Warrants by the holder, then the New Warrants
may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise.

1

The
exercise price and the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of each New Warrant are subject to certain adjustments
in the event of certain stock dividends and distributions, stock splits, stock combinations, reclassifications or similar events affecting
the Common Stock. In the event of a Fundamental Transaction (as defined in the New Warrant Agreement), upon any exercise of the New Warrant,
the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior
to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the
exercise of the New Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it
is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result of such
Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which the New Warrant is exercisable immediately prior
to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of the New Warrant). For purposes of
any such exercise, the determination of the exercise price of the New Warrant will be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate
Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction,
and the Company shall apportion the exercise price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value
of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash
or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder will be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration
it receives upon any exercise of the New Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in
the event of a Fundamental Transaction, the Company or any Successor Entity shall, at the Holders option, exercisable at any time
concurrently with, or within 30 days after, the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction (or, if later, the date of the public announcement
of the applicable Fundamental Transaction), purchase the New Warrant from the Holder by paying to the Holder an amount of cash equal to
the Black Scholes Value of the remaining unexercised portion of the New Warrant on the date of the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction;
provided, however, that, if the Fundamental Transaction is not within the Companys control, including not approved by the
Companys Board of Directors, the Holder shall only be entitled to receive from the Company or any Successor Entity the same type
or form of consideration (and in the same proportion), at the Black Scholes Value of the unexercised portion of the New Warrant, that
is being offered and paid to the holders of Common Stock of the Company in connection with the Fundamental Transaction, whether that consideration
be in the form of cash, stock or any combination thereof, or whether the holders of Common Stock are given the choice to receive from
among alternative forms of consideration in connection with the Fundamental Transaction; provided, further, that if holders of
Common Stock of the Company are not offered or paid any consideration in such Fundamental Transaction, such holders of Common Stock will
be deemed to have received shares of common stock of the Successor Entity (which Successor Entity may be the Company following such Fundamental
Transaction) in such Fundamental Transaction.

The
New Warrants are also subject to potential adjustment in connection with issuances of Common Stock or derivative securities at a price
per share which is less than the exercise price then in effect. The New Warrants are redeemable by the Company in certain circumstances
as provided therein.

The
Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% (or, upon election by a holder prior to the issuance of any New Warrants,
9.99%) of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable
upon exercise of the New Warrant.

The
New Warrant Agreement does not entitle the holder to any voting rights, dividends or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior
to the exercise of the New Warrant as set forth in Section 2(d)(i) of the New Warrant Agreement, except as expressly set forth in Section
3 therein.

The
New Warrants described herein have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act),
and may not be sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements.

In
addition, pursuant to the Warrant Inducement Agreement, the Company agreed to file a registration statement with the SEC registering the
sale of shares underlying the New Warrants under the Securities Act within 30 days, and to cause such registration statement to be declared
effective within 120 days. The Company also agreed to certain other covenants, including with respect to holding a special meeting of
its shareholders for approval of issuances of shares of Common Stock under the New Warrants, refraining from engaging in any Variable
Rate Transaction (as defined therein) for 45 days, refraining from filing a registration statement for 45 days, and the payment of liquidated
damages in connection with any failure to adhere to certain covenants therein and in the Warrant Agreements, subject to certain exceptions,
as more particularly set forth in the Warrant Inducement Agreement.

The
foregoing descriptions of each of the Warrant Inducement Agreement and the New Warrant Agreement do not purport to be complete and are
each qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the forms of the Warrant Inducement Agreement and the New Warrant, copies
of which are filed as Exhibits 10.1 and 4.1, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.

2

Univest Securities, LLC (Univest) is acting as the exclusive
warrant inducement agent and financial advisor to the Company for the transactions contemplated by the Warrant Inducement Agreements.
The Company agreed to pay Univest an aggregate cash fee equal to 7.0% of the gross proceeds received by the Company from the exercises
of the Existing Warrants, and to reimburse Univest for certain fees and expenses incurred in connection therewith.

Item 3.02 Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities.

The
disclosure required by this Item and included in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference. The
New Warrants have not been registered under the Securities Act, and may not be sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Based in part upon the representations of the holder in the Warrant
Inducement Agreement, the offering and sale of the New Warrants is exempt from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act
and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act.

Item 9.01 Financial
Statements and Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

4.1 Form of New Warrant

10.1 Form of Warrant Inducement Agreement

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in Inline XBRL).

3

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this Current Report on Form 8-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
hereunto duly authorized.

Date: January
27, 2025

PMGC Holdings Inc. 

By: /s/ Graydon Bensler 

Name: Graydon Bensler 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea022885801ex4-1_pmgc.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF NEW WARRANT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

PMGC HOLDINGS INC.

Warrant Shares: _______ Issuance Date: January 28, 2025

THIS SERIES A COMMON STOCK
PURCHASE WARRANT (Warrant) certifies that, for value received, ______________ or its assigns (the Holder)
is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after
the Shareholder Approval Date (as defined below) (such date, the Initial Exercise Date) and on or prior to 5:00 p.m.
(New York, New York time) on the five year anniversary of the Initial Exercise Date, provided that if such date is not a Trading
Day, the immediately following Trading Day (the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase
from PMGC Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), up to ______ shares Common Stock, the (Warrant
Shares), subject to adjustment hereunder. The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal
to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section 1. Definitions.
In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant, the following terms have the meanings indicated in this Section 1.
Capitalized word and terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in that certain Warrant Exercise Agreement
(as defined below) and the Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement), dated September 22, 2024, among
the Company and the purchasers signatory thereto.

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Alternate
Consideration shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(d).

Applicable
Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(i).

Attribution
Parties shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(e).

Base
Share Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(i).

Bid
Price means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (i) if the Common Stock
is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m.
(New York, New York time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York, New York time)), (ii) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted
average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (iii) if the Common Stock
is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market
(or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common
Stock so reported, or (iv) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser
selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company,
the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

1

Black
Scholes Value shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(d).

Bloomberg
means Bloomberg L.P., or any successor thereto.

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Buy-In
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(d)(iv).

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday, or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed.

Bylaws
means the Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company.

Certificate
of Incorporation means the Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, of the Company.

Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such
securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant, or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Company
shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Convertible
Securities shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(i)(1).

Convertible
Securities Shares shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(i)(1).

Distribution
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(c).

DWAC
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(d)(i).

Dilutive Issuance
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(i).

Event
Market Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(k).

2

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exercise
Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(b).

Floor
Price means a price equal to $0.46; which in each case shall be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split,
stock combination, reclassification or similar event or transaction.

Fundamental
Transaction shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(d).

Holder
shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Initial
Exercise Date shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Issuance
Date means the issuance date of this Warrant as set forth on the first page hereof.

New
Issuance Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(i).

New
Warrants means this Warrant and other Warrants issued to other holders of Existing Warrants, as defined and pursuant to the
Warrant Exercise Agreements.

Notice
of Exercise shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(a).

Option
means any rights, warrants, or options to subscribe for or purchase Common Stock or Convertible Securities.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof), or other entity of any kind.

Primary
Security shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(i)(4).

Purchase
Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.

Purchase
Rights shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(b).

Redemption
Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(f)(ii).

Redemption Price
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(f)(ii).

Redemption Notice
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(f)(iii).

Redemption Notice Date
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(f)(iii).

3

Required
Holders shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(d).

SEC
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Secondary
Securities shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(i)(4).

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Shareholder
Approval means such approval as may be required by the applicable rules and regulations of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (or
any successor entity) from the shareholders of the Company with respect to issuance of all of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of
the Warrants, including, without limitation, to give full effect to the adjustment to the Exercise Price and/or number of shares of Common
Stock underlying the Warrants following any Dilutive Issuance.

Shareholder
Approval Date means the first (1st) Trading Day following the Companys notice to the Holder of Shareholder Approval,
which notice shall be provided within two (2) Trading Days of the effectiveness of the Shareholder Approval in accordance with SEC rules
and regulations and applicable law and provisions of the Companys Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary, such notice shall be deemed to be given by a public filing with the SEC disclosing the effectiveness of the Shareholder
Approval.

Standard Settlement
Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(d)(i).

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed
or acquired after the date hereof.

Successor
Entity shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(d).

Termination
Date shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Trading
Day means a day on which the Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: The Nasdaq Capital Market, The Nasdaq Global Market, The Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange, or the
NYSE American, (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Trading
Value means, with respect to the Companys Common Stock, the daily trading volume on the Companys primary Trading
Market as reported by Bloomberg multiplied by the closing price of the Common Stock on such date.

4

Transfer
Agent means VStock Transfer, LLC, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 18 Lafayette Pl, Woodmere,
NY 11598 and an email address of info@vstocktransfer.com, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

Trigger
Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(a).

Unit
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(i)(4).

Valuation
Event shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(i)(4).

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (i) if the Common Stock is then listed or
quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m.
(New York, New York time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York, New York time)), (ii) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted
average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (iii) if the Common Stock
is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market
(or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common
Stock so reported, or (iv) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser
selected in good faith by the holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company,
the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Warrant
Exercise Agreement means that certain letter agreement dated as of or prior to the Issuance Date by and between the Company
and the Holder pursuant to which this Warrant was issued to the Holder.

Warrant
Exercise Agreements the Holders Warrant Exercise Agreement and other letter agreements providing for the reduction of
exercise price of and exercise of Existing Warrants and issuance of New Warrants to the holders of Existing Warrants (as such terms are
defined therein).

Warrant
Register shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(c).

Warrant Share Delivery
Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(d)(i).

Warrant
Shares shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Warrants
means this Warrant and the other New Warrants issued pursuant to the Warrant Exercise Agreements.

5

Section 2. Exercise.

(a) Exercise
of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on
or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed facsimile copy
or PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the
Notice of Exercise). Within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) such earlier time comprising the Standard
Settlement Period (as defined in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver
the aggregate Exercise Price for the number of Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers
check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is applicable and specified
in the attached Notice of Exercise.The Company shall have no obligation to inquire with respect to or otherwise confirm the
authenticity of the signature(s) contained on any Notice of Exercise nor the authority of the person so executing such Notice of Exercise.
No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of
any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender
this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised
in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the date
on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion
of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable
hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing
the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise
within one (1) Trading Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree
that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of
Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

(b) Exercise
Price. The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $2.75, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise
Price).

(c) Cashless
Exercise. If and only if at the time of any exercise hereof occurring after six months have passed from the Issuance Date there is
no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus contained therein is not available for the issuance of the Warrant
Shares to or the resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder, then this Warrant may be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by
means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient
obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = as
applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise
is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and
delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined
in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) the Bid Price of the Common
Stock on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg as of the time of the Holders execution of the applicable Notice
of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within
two hours thereafter (including until two hours after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section
2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading
Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular
trading hours on such Trading Day;

6

(B) = the
Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the
number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise
were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

If Warrant Shares
are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act,
the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised. The Company agrees not to take any position
contrary to this Section 2(c).

(d) Mechanics
of Exercise.

(i) Delivery
of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer
Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company
through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such system
and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant
Shares by the Holder or (B) this Warrant is being exercised via cashless exercise, and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate,
registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which
the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is
the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day after delivery of the Notice of Exercise and the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case
of a cashless exercise) to the Company and (ii) the number of days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the
Company of the Notice of Exercise and the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) (such date, the Warrant
Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have
become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery
of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received
by the Warrant Share Delivery Date. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice
of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date following payment of the aggregate Exercise Price by the Holder (other than in the case
of cashless exercise is received by the Company by such date), the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and
not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the
applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the fifth (5th) Trading Day after the Warrant
Share Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds
such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains
outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed
in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of
delivery of the Notice of Exercise.

7

(ii) Delivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and
upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing
the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects
be identical with this Warrant.

(iii) Rescission
Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i)
by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise by delivering written notice to the Company
at any time prior to the delivery of such Warrant Shares.

(iv) Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if
the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section
2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date (other than a failure caused by incorrect or incomplete
information provided by the Holder to the Company), and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open
market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction
of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In),
then the Company shall (A) provided that if the Common Stock is then listed or quoted on the Trading Market or any over-the-counter
market (including OTC Pink or any successor) such price set forth in (y)(2) of this clause (A) is reasonably comparable to a market price
or prices in purchases and sales of the Common Stock occurring in the market on or close in time to the Trading Day on which the Holders
purchase occurred taking into account the volume of the Holders purchase, pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which
(x) the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds
(y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection
with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at
the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise
was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock
that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the
Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares
of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding
sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts
payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall
limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation,
a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common
Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof. The obligation of the Company to pay compensation for Buy-In
under this Section 2(d)(iv) is subject to delivery by the Holder of the aggregate Exercise Price in accordance with the terms of
Section 2(a).

(v) No Fractional
Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant. As
to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall, at its election,
either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Exercise Price or
round up to the next whole share.

(vi) Charges,
Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental
expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant
Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however,
that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for
exercise shall be accompanied by the assignment form substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B duly executed by the
Holder and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental
thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the
Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery
of the Warrant Shares.

8

(vii) Closing
of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant,
pursuant to the terms hereof.

(e) Holders
Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise
any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after
exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons
acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)),
would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the
number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude
the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant
beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or
nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject
to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its
Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial
ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder,
it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section
13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the
extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in
relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant
is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders
determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates
and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation,
and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination and shall have no liability for exercises
of the Warrant that are not in compliance with the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, except to the extent the Holder relies on a number
of outstanding shares of Common Stock that was provided by the Company. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated
above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For
purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number
of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the SEC,
as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer
Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written request of a Holder, the Company shall within one
(1) Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number
of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company,
including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares
of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% (or, upon election by a Holder prior
to the issuance of any Warrants, 9.99%) of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon written notice to the Company, may increase or decrease
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event
exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common
Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase
in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company.
The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of
this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial
Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation.
The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant. If the Warrant is unexercisable as a result
of the Holders Beneficial Ownership Limitation, no alternate consideration is owing to the Holder.

(f) Redemption
Right.

(i) Beginning
on the later of (i) the Shareholder Approval Date and (ii) the date on which the Resale Registration Statement (as defined in the Warrant
Exercise Agreement) is declared effective by the SEC, this Warrant may be redeemed at the option of the Company, in whole or in part,
by giving not less than thirty (30) days prior notice, which notice may not be given before, but may be given at any time after
the date on which (i) the VWAP exceeded $5.50 for ten (10) consecutive Trading Days and (ii) the average daily Trading Value of the Common
Stock for such ten (10) Trading Day period referred to in this Section 2(f)(i) exceeded $150,000.

9

(ii) The price
at which this Warrant may be redeemed (the Redemption Price) is $0.0001 per Warrant Share. On and after the date
upon which such Warrant is redeemed by the Company (the Redemption Date), the Holder of a redeemed Warrant shall
be entitled to payment of the Redemption Price upon surrender of the Warrant to the Company.

(iii) Notice
of redemption of this Warrant (the Redemption Notice) shall be given at least thirty (30) days prior to the Redemption
Date (the Redemption Notice Date) by the Company (i) providing notice to the Holder as provided in Section 5(i),
(ii) notifying the Holders of such redemption via publication of a press release and (iii) taking such other steps as may be required
under applicable law.

(iv) From and
after the Redemption Date, any Warrant Shares noticed for redemption that have not theretofore been exercised by the Holder shall cease
to represent the right to purchase any shares of Common Stock and shall be deemed canceled and void and of no further force or effect
without any further act or deed on the part of the Company.

(v) By acceptance
of this Warrant, the Holder undertakes to return the certificate representing any redeemed Warrant to the Company upon their redemption
and to indemnify the Company with respect to any losses, claims, damages, or liabilities arising from the Holders failure to return
such certificate. In the event the certificate so returned represents a number of Warrant Shares in excess of the number being redeemed,
the Company shall as promptly as practicable issue to the Holder a new certificate in book-entry form for the number of unredeemed Warrant
Shares.

(vi) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary set forth in this Warrant, the Company may not require the cancellation of this Warrant (and any related Redemption
Notice shall be void), unless, from the beginning of the Redemption Notice Date through the Redemption Date, (1) the Company shall have
honored in accordance with the terms of this Warrant all Notices of Exercise delivered by 6:30 p.m. (New York, New York time) on the Redemption
Date, (2) a registration statement shall be effective as to all Warrant Shares and the prospectus thereunder available for use by the
Company for the sale of all such Warrant Shares to the Holder, (3) the Common Stock shall be listed or quoted for trading on the Trading
Market, (4) there is a sufficient number of authorized shares of Common Stock for issuance of all Warrant Shares, and (5) the issuance
of all Warrant Shares subject to a Redemption Notice shall not cause a breach of any provision of Section 2(e) herein. The Companys
right to call the Warrants under this Section 2(f) shall be exercised ratably among the Holders based on each Holders initial
purchase of Warrants.

Section 3. Certain
Adjustments.

(a) Stock
Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes
a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of
Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this
Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse
stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the Common
Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the
numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event
and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of
shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant
shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date
for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the
effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

10

(b) Subsequent
Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time that this Warrant is outstanding
the Company grants, issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro
rata to all of the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will
be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired
if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations
on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is
taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders
of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that, to the extent
that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such
shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance
for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

(c) Pro Rata
Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution
of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including,
without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification,
corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after
the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent
that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise
of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation)
immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the
record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however,
that, to the extent that the Holder's right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership
of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance
for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation). To the extent that this Warrant has not been partially or completely exercised at the time of such Distribution, such portion
of the Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until the Holder has exercised this Warrant.

11

(d) Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions
effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company, directly or indirectly, effects any
sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series
of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another
Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities,
cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of greater than 50% of the outstanding Common Stock or greater than 50% of the voting
power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification,
reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively
converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property (other than a stock split or stock dividend), or (v) the Company, directly
or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including,
without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement (other than a stock split or stock dividend)
with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires greater than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common
Stock or greater than 50% of the voting power of the common equity of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction),
then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have
been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without
regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor
or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate
Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for
which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e)
on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted
to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock
in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable
manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given
any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same
choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary, in the event of a Fundamental Transaction, the Company or any Successor Entity (as defined below) shall, at
the Holders option, exercisable at any time concurrently with, or within 30 days after, the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction
(or, if later, the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction), purchase this Warrant from the Holder by
paying to the Holder an amount of cash equal to the Black Scholes Value (as defined below) of the remaining unexercised portion of this
Warrant on the date of the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction; provided, however, that, if the Fundamental Transaction
is not within the Companys control, including not approved by the Board of Directors, the Holder shall only be entitled to receive
from the Company or any Successor Entity the same type or form of consideration (and in the same proportion), at the Black Scholes Value
of the unexercised portion of this Warrant, that is being offered and paid to the holders of Common Stock of the Company in connection
with the Fundamental Transaction, whether that consideration be in the form of cash, stock or any combination thereof, or whether the
holders of Common Stock are given the choice to receive from among alternative forms of consideration in connection with the Fundamental
Transaction; provided, further, that if holders of Common Stock of the Company are not offered or paid any consideration
in such Fundamental Transaction, such holders of Common Stock will be deemed to have received shares of common stock of the Successor
Entity (which Successor Entity may be the Company following such Fundamental Transaction) in such Fundamental Transaction. Black
Scholes Value means the value of this Warrant based on the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model obtained from the OV
function on Bloomberg determined as of the day of consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction for pricing purposes and reflecting
(A) a risk-free interest rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal to the time between the date of the public announcement
of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date, (B) an expected volatility equal to the greater of (1)
the 30 day volatility, (2) the 100 day volatility or (3) the 365 day volatility, each of clauses (1)-(3) as obtained from the HVT function
on Bloomberg (determined utilizing a 365 day annualization factor) as of the Trading Day immediately following the public announcement
of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction, (C) the underlying price per share used in such calculation shall be the greater
of (i) the sum of the price per share being offered in cash, if any, plus the value of any non-cash consideration, if any, being offered
in such Fundamental Transaction and (ii) the VWAP immediately preceding the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental
Transaction (or the consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction, if earlier), (D) the sum of the remaining option time equal
to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date
and (E) a zero cost of borrow. The payment of the Black Scholes Value will be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds (or
such other consideration) within the later of (i) five Business Days of the Holders election and (ii) the date of consummation
of the Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not
the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant
in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(d) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to the holders of Warrants representing at least a majority of the shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrants then outstanding without
giving effect to any beneficial ownership limitations (the Required Holders) and approved by the Required Holders
(without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange
for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this
Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent
to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise
of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such
shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction
and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of
protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably
satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall
be added to the term Company under this Warrant (so that from and after the occurrence or consummation of such Fundamental
Transaction, each and every provision of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company shall
refer instead to each of the Company and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally), and the Successor Entity
or Successor Entities, jointly and severally with the Company, may exercise every right and power of the Company prior thereto and the
Successor Entity or Successor Entities shall assume all of the obligations of the Company prior thereto under this Warrant and the other
Transaction Documents with the same effect as if the Company and such Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally, had
been named as the Company herein. For the avoidance of doubt, the Holder shall be entitled to the benefits of the provisions of this Section
3(d) regardless of (i) whether the Company has sufficient authorized shares of Common Stock for the issuance of Warrant Shares and/or
(ii) whether a Fundamental Transaction occurs prior to the Initial Exercise Date.

12

(e) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be.
For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall
be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

(f) Notice
to Holder.

(i) Adjustment
to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly
deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number
of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment; provided, however, that the Company may
satisfy the notice requirement in this Section 3(f) by filing such information with the Commission on its Electronic Data Gathering,
Analysis, and Retrieval (EDGAR) system pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K, Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or Annual Report on Form
10-K.

(ii) Notice
to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form other than a
stock split or stock dividend) on the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption
of the Common Stock (excluding any granting or issuance of rights to all of the Companys stockholders pursuant to a stockholder
rights plan), (C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase
any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection
with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) is a party,
any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted
into other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding
up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by facsimile or email to the Holder at its
last facsimile number or email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least ten (10) calendar days prior
to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the
purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders
of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y)
the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close,
and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common
Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange;
provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the
corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains,
material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with
the SEC pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing
on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

(g) Voluntary
Adjustment By Company. Subject to the rules and regulations of the Trading Market, the Company may at any time during the term of
this Warrant reduce the then current Exercise Price to any amount and for any period of time deemed appropriate by the Companys
Board of Directors.

13

(h) Shareholder
Approval. The Company shall obtain Shareholder Approval as provided in the Warrant Exercise Agreement, and comply with all SEC rules
and Trading Market Rules with respect thereto, including without limitation all information statement and mailing and effective date requirements
set by rules and regulations of the SEC (including the time periods provided for therein) and applicable state laws and provisions of
its Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws with respect to the Shareholder Approval, and shall use its best efforts to cause the minimal
amount of time therefor to apply before the Shareholder Approval takes effect in accordance with such rules and regulations, laws, and
provisions and the Warrant Exercise Agreement. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, immediately after obtaining such Shareholder
Approval by way of written consent, if available to the Company for purposes of the Shareholder Approval, the Company shall file with
the SEC a written information statement containing the information specified in Schedule 14C with respect to such Shareholder Approval
and mail such information to shareholders of the Company as soon as practicable thereafter in accordance with the rules and regulations
of the SEC. The Company shall promptly provide responses (including filing an amended Schedule 14C) to the SEC with respect to any comments
received from the SEC on any information statement filed in accordance with this Section 3(h), and the Company shall cause the
definitive information statement to be mailed promptly after the staff of the SEC advises the Company that it has no further comments
thereon or that the Company may commence mailing the information statement, but in no ever later than two (2) Trading Days thereafter.

(i) Subsequent
Equity Sales. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding (such period, the Adjustment Period), the Company
issues, sells, enters into an agreement to sell, or grants any option to purchase, or sells, enters into an agreement to sell, or grants
any right to reprice, or otherwise disposes of or issues (or announces any offer, sale, grant, or any option to purchase or other disposition),
or, in accordance with this Section 3(i), is deemed to have issued or sold, any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents
for a consideration per share (the New Issuance Price) less than a price equal to the Exercise Price in effect immediately
prior to such issue or sale or deemed issuance or sale (such Exercise Price then in effect is referred to as the Applicable
Price) (the foregoing a Dilutive Issuance), then simultaneously with the consummation (or, if earlier,
the announcement) of such Dilutive Issuance, the Exercise Price then in effect shall be reduced to an amount (the New Exercise
Price) equal to the lower of (A) the New Issuance Price and (B) the lowest VWAP during the five (5) consecutive Trading Days
immediately following the Dilutive Issuance (such lower price, the Base Share Price) and the number of Warrant Shares
issuable hereunder shall be proportionately increased such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant on the Issuance Date for
the Warrant Shares then outstanding shall remain unchanged; provided that the Base Share Price shall not be less than the Floor
Price. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if one or more Dilutive Issuances occurred prior to the Shareholder Approval Date such that the
reduction of the Exercise Price was limited by clause (A) in the definition of the Floor Price, then effective on the Shareholder Approval
Date, the Exercise Price will automatically be reduced to equal the greater of (x) lowest Base Share Price with respect to any Dilutive
Issuance that occurred prior to the Shareholder Approval Date and (B) the Floor Price determined in reference to clause (B) of the definition
of the Floor Price, and in any such event the number of Warrant Shares issuable hereunder shall be increased such that the aggregate Exercise
Price of this Warrant on the Issuance Date for the Warrant Shares then outstanding shall remain unchanged. If the Company enters into
a Variable Rate Transaction (as defined in the Purchase Agreement; provided, that, with respect to a Variable Rate Transaction
that is an equity line of credit or an at-the-market offering, this Section 3(i) shall apply to any issuances of
Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents thereunder rather than the entry into the agreement with respect thereto), the Company shall
be deemed to have issued shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents at the lowest possible price, conversion price, or exercise
price at which such securities may be issued, converted, or exercised. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no adjustments shall be made, paid,
or issued under this Section 3(i) in respect of an Exempt Issuance (as defined in the Purchase Agreement). For the avoidance of
doubt, in the event the Exercise Price has been adjusted pursuant to this Section 3(i) and the Dilutive Issuance that triggered
such adjustment does not occur, is not consummated, is unwound, or is canceled after the facts for any reason whatsoever, in no event
shall the Exercise Price be readjusted to the Exercise Price that would have been in effect if such Dilutive Issuance had not occurred
or been consummated. For all purposes of the foregoing, the following shall be applicable:

(1) Issuance
of Options. If, during the Adjustment Period, the Company in any manner grants or sells any Options and the lowest price per share
for which one share of Common Stock is issuable upon the exercise of any such Option or upon conversion, exercise, or exchange of any
convertible securities (Convertible Securities) issuable upon exercise of any such Option (such shares of Common
Stock issuable upon such exercise of any Option or upon conversion, exercise, or exchange of any Convertible Securities, the Convertible
Securities Shares) is less than the Applicable Price, then such shares of Common Stock shall be deemed to be outstanding and
to have been issued and sold by the Company at the time of the granting or sale of such Option for such price per share. For purposes
of this Section 3(i)(1), the lowest price per share for which one share of Common Stock is issuable upon the exercise of
any such Option or upon conversion, exercise, or exchange of any Convertible Securities issuable upon exercise of any such Option
shall be equal to (A) the sum of (1) the lowest amount of consideration (if any) received or receivable by the Company with respect to
any one Convertible Securities Share upon the granting or sale of such Option, upon exercise of such Option and upon conversion, exercise,
or exchange of any Convertible Security issuable upon exercise of such Option and (2) the lowest exercise price set forth in such Option
for which one Convertible Securities Share is issuable upon the exercise of any such Option or upon conversion, exercise, or exchange
of any Convertible Securities issuable upon exercise of any such Option, minus (B) the sum of all amounts paid or payable to the holder
of such Option (or any other Person), with respect to any one Convertible Securities Share, upon the granting or sale of such Option,
upon exercise of such Option and upon conversion, exercise, or exchange of any Convertible Security issuable upon exercise of such Option
plus the value of any other consideration received or receivable by, or benefit conferred on, the holder of such Option (or any other
Person), with respect to any one Convertible Securities Share. Except as contemplated below, no further adjustment of the Exercise Price
shall be made upon the actual issuance of such Convertible Securities Share or of such Convertible Securities upon the exercise of such
Options or upon the actual issuance of such Convertible Securities Share upon conversion, exercise, or exchange of such Convertible Securities.

14

(2) Issuance
of Convertible Securities. If, during the Adjustment Period, the Company in any manner issues or sells any Convertible Securities
and the lowest price per share for which one Convertible Securities Share is issuable upon the conversion, exercise, or exchange thereof
is less than the Applicable Price, then such Convertible Securities Share shall be deemed to be outstanding and to have been issued and
sold by the Company at the time of the issuance or sale of such Convertible Securities for such price per share. For the purposes of this
Section 3(i)(2), the lowest price per share for which one Convertible Securities Share is issuable upon the conversion,
exercise or exchange thereof shall be equal to (A) the sum of (1) the lowest amount of consideration (if any) received or receivable
by the Company with respect to one Convertible Securities Share upon the issuance or sale of the Convertible Security and upon conversion,
exercise, or exchange of such Convertible Security and (2) the lowest conversion price set forth in such Convertible Security for which
one Convertible Securities Share is issuable upon conversion, exercise, or exchange thereof, minus (B) the sum of all amounts paid or
payable to the holder of such Convertible Security (or any other Person), with respect to any one Convertible Securities Share, upon the
issuance or sale of such Convertible Security plus the value of any other consideration received or receivable by, or benefit conferred
on, the holder of such Convertible Security (or any other Person), with respect to any one Convertible Securities Share. Except as contemplated
below, no further adjustment of the Exercise Price shall be made upon the actual issuance of such Convertible Securities Share upon conversion,
exercise, or exchange of such Convertible Securities, and if any such issue or sale of such Convertible Securities is made upon exercise
of any Options for which adjustment of the Exercise Price has been or is to be made pursuant to other provisions of this Section 3(i)(2),
except as contemplated below, no further adjustment of the Exercise Price shall be made by reason of such issue or sale.

(3) Change
in Option Price or Rate of Conversion. If, during the Adjustment Period, the purchase or exercise price provided for in any Options,
the additional consideration, if any, payable upon the issue, conversion, exercise, or exchange of any Convertible Securities, or the
rate at which any Convertible Securities are convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock increases or decreases
at any time (other than proportional changes in conversion or exercise prices, as applicable, in connection with an event referred to
in Section 3(a), the Exercise Price in effect at the time of such increase or decrease shall be adjusted to the Exercise Price
which would have been in effect at such time had such Options or Convertible Securities provided for such increased or decreased purchase
price, additional consideration or increased or decreased conversion rate, as the case may be, at the time initially granted, issued,
or sold. For purposes of this Section 3(i)(3), if the terms of any Option or Convertible Security that was outstanding as of the
date of issuance of this Warrant are increased or decreased in the manner described in the immediately preceding sentence, then such Option
or Convertible Security and the Convertible Securities Share deemed issuable upon exercise, conversion, or exchange thereof shall be deemed
to have been issued as of the date of such increase or decrease. No adjustment pursuant to this Section 3(i)(3) shall be made if
such adjustment would result in an increase of the Exercise Price then in effect.

15

(4) Calculation
of Consideration Received. If any Option or Convertible Security is issued in connection with the issuance or sale or deemed issuance
or sale of any other securities of the Company (the Primary Security, and such Option or Convertible Security, the
Secondary Securities and together with the Primary Security, each a Unit), together comprising
one integrated transaction, the aggregate consideration per share with respect to such Primary Security shall be deemed to be the lowest
of (x) the purchase price of such Unit, (y) if such Primary Security is an Option and/or Convertible Security, the lowest price per share
for which one share of Common Stock is at any time issuable upon the exercise or conversion of the Primary Security in accordance with
Section 3(i)(1) or 3(i)(2) above and (z) the lowest VWAP of the shares of Common Stock on any Trading Day during the five
(5) consecutive Trading Days immediately following the consummation (or, if applicable, the announcement) of such Dilutive Issuance (for
the avoidance of doubt, if such public announcement, if applicable, is released prior to the opening of the Principal Market on a Trading
Day, such Trading Day shall be the first Trading Day in such five (5) Trading Day period and if this Warrant is exercised on any given
Exercise Date during any such period, the Holder may elect to earlier end such period (including, solely with respect to such portion
of this Warrant exercised on such applicable Exercise Date)). If any shares of Common Stock, Options, or Convertible Securities are issued
or sold or deemed to have been issued or sold for cash, the consideration received therefor will be deemed to be the net amount of cash
received by the Company therefor. If any shares of Common Stock, Options, or Convertible Securities are issued or sold for a consideration
other than cash, the amount of such consideration received by the Company will be the fair value of such consideration, except where such
consideration consists of publicly traded securities, in which case the amount of consideration received by the Company for such securities
will be the arithmetic average of the VWAPs of such security for each of the five (5) Trading Days immediately preceding the date of receipt.
If any shares of Common Stock, Options, or Convertible Securities are issued to the owners of the non-surviving entity in connection with
any merger in which the Company is the surviving entity, the amount of consideration therefor will be deemed to be the fair market value
of such portion of the net assets and business of the non-surviving entity as is attributable to such shares of Common Stock, Options
or Convertible Securities (as the case may be). The fair market value of any consideration other than cash or publicly traded securities
will be determined jointly by the Company and the Holder. If such parties are unable to reach agreement within ten (10) days after the
occurrence of an event requiring valuation (the Valuation Event), the fair market value of such consideration will
be determined within five (5) Trading Days after the tenth (10th) day following such Valuation Event by an independent, reputable appraiser
jointly selected by the Company and the Holder. The determination of such appraiser shall be final and binding upon all parties absent
manifest error and the fees and expenses of such appraiser shall be borne by the Company.

(5) Record
Date. If, during the Adjustment Period, the Company takes a record of stockholders for the purpose of entitling them (A) to receive
a dividend or other distribution payable in shares of Common Stock, Options, or in Convertible Securities or (B) to subscribe for or purchase
shares of Common Stock, Options, or Convertible Securities, then such record date will be deemed to be the date of the issue or sale of
shares of Common Stock deemed to have been issued or sold upon the declaration of such dividend or the making of such other distribution
or the date of the granting of such right of subscription or purchase (as the case may be).

16

(k) Intentionally
omitted.

(l) Intentionally
omitted.

Section 4. Transfer
of Warrant.

(a) Transferability.
Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws, this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration
rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated
agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B duly executed
by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such
surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee
or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the
assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder
has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days
of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned
in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

(b) New Warrants.
This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company,
together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or
its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination,
the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance
with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the Issuance Date of this Warrant and shall be identical
with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

(c) Warrant
Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant
Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder
of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other
purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

17

Section 5. Miscellaneous.

(a) Reverse
Stock Split. If at any time this Warrant is outstanding and the Company receives notice from the Trading Market that the Company is
failing to satisfy the Trading Markets minimum bid price requirement (the Trigger Date), then the Company
shall take all necessary steps to obtain the necessary consents and approvals to undertake a reverse stock split after such Trigger Date
and shall, prior to the effectiveness of any delisting notice issued by the Trading Market, effect such reverse stock split.

(b) No Rights
as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or
other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly
set forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise
pursuant to Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in
no event shall the Company be required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

(c) Loss,
Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory
to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case
of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include
the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make
and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

(d) Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted
herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Trading Day.

(e) Authorized
Shares.

The Company covenants
that, from the Issuance Date and thereafter during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued
Common Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights
under this Warrant. The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who
are charged with the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company
will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation
of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company
covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon
exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized,
validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue
thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

18

Except and to
the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its Certificate
of Incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or
any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all
times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate
to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment (it being understood that this Warrant shall not in any
case prevent the Company from effecting any such amendment, reorganization, transfer, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issuance or
sale). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the
amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary
or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of
this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory
body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before taking
any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise
Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public
regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

(f) Governing
Law; Exclusive Jurisdiction. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall
be determined in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement, and any action relating to this Warrant shall only be brought
as provided in the Purchase Agreement.

(g) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and the Holder does not
utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

(h) Nonwaiver
and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as
a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies, notwithstanding the fact that the right to
exercise this Warrant terminates on the Termination Date. Without limiting any other provision of this Warrant, if the Company willfully
and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall
pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys
fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing
any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

19

(i) Notices.
Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall be delivered in
accordance with the notice provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

(j) Limitation
of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase
price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the
Company.

(k) Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific
performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss
incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any
action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

(l) Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of the Holder.
The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable
by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

(m) Amendment
and Waiver. Except as otherwise provided herein, the provisions of this Warrant may be amended and the Company may take any action
herein prohibited, or omit to perform any act herein required to be performed by it, only if the Company has obtained the written consent
of the Required Holders. Any such amendment shall apply to all Warrants outstanding and be binding upon all registered holders of such
Warrants.

(n) Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

(o) Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

20

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

PMGC HOLDINGS INC.

By: 

Name: Graydon Bensler

Title: Chief Executive Officer

21

EXHIBIT A

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

TO: PMGC HOLDINGS INC.

(1) The undersigned hereby
elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised in full), and
tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment shall take the
form of (check applicable box):

in lawful money of the United States;
or

if permitted the cancellation of
such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection 2(c), to exercise this Warrant with
respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3) Please issue said Warrant
Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following
DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

[SIGNATURE OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity:

________________________________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing
Entity:

________________________________________________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory:

________________________________________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory:

________________________________________________________________________

Date:

________________________________________________________________________

EXHIBIT B

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this
form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and
all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: ______________________________________

(Please Print)

Address: ______________________________________

Phone Number:

Email Address:

(Please Print)

______________________________________

______________________________________

Dated: _______________ __, ______

Holders Signature: ___________________

Holders Address: ____________________
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea022885801ex10-1_pmgc.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF WARRANT INDUCEMENT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

PMGC HOLDINGS INC.

January 27, 2025

Holder of Common Stock Purchase Warrants

Re: Inducement Offer
to Exercise Common Stock Purchase Warrants

Dear Holder:

PMGC Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation formerly
known as Elevai Labs Inc. (the Company), is pleased to offer to you the opportunity to exercise all or a portion
of the Series A Common Stock Purchase Warrants issued to you on or about September 24, 2024, which are exercisable for a total of ___________
shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (Common Stock), (with a current exercise price of $11.20 per
share) (the Existing Warrants), currently held by you (the Holder). The offer and resale of the Existing
Warrants and the shares of Common Stock underlying the Existing Warrants (Warrant Shares) have been registered pursuant
to a registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333- 281987) (the Registration Statement). The Registration Statement
is currently effective and, upon exercise of the Existing Warrants pursuant to this letter agreement, will be effective for the sale
of the Warrant Shares. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Existing Warrants.

In consideration for exercising the number of
Existing Warrants held by you as set forth on the signature page hereto (the Warrant Exercise), the Company hereby
offers to (a) reduce the exercise price of all of the Existing Warrants, including any unexercised portion thereof, to $2.00 per share
(the New Exercise Price), such that all of the Existing Warrants will be exercised or exercisable in the future,
as the case may be, at the New Exercise Price and (b) issue you or your designee a new unregistered Common Stock Purchase Warrant (New
Warrant pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (Securities Act), to purchase
up to a number of shares of Common Stock equal to 100% of the number of Warrant Shares issued pursuant to the Warrant Exercise hereunder.
The shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the New Warrant, are sometimes referred to as the New Warrant Shares.
The New Warrant shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A, and shall be limited in its exercisability until such time as
the Company has received the approval of the stockholders of the Company as may be required by the applicable rules and regulations
of The Nasdaq Stock Market, LLC (or any successor entity) with respect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock underlying the New Warrant
(the Shareholder Approval).

The Company will hold a special meeting of shareholders
no later than the 90th calendar date following the date hereof for the purpose of seeking the Shareholder Approval, with the recommendation
of the Companys Board of Directors that such proposal be approved, and the Company shall solicit proxies from its shareholders
in connection therewith in the same manner as all other management proposals in such proxy statement and all management-appointed proxyholders
shall vote their proxies in favor of such proposal at such meeting. If the Company does not obtain Shareholder Approval at
the first meeting, the Company shall call a meeting every 90 days thereafter to seek Shareholder Approval until the earlier of the date
on which Shareholder Approval is obtained or the New Warrants are no longer outstanding. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company
is able to obtain the requisite Shareholder Approval using a written consent of its shareholders in lieu of a meeting, the Company shall
seek to obtain Shareholder Approval using such method to the extent such approach will result in the Shareholder Approval occurring on
an earlier date than pursuant to a meeting. The Company will comply with all SEC rules and Trading Market Rules with respect to any such
Shareholder Approval, and shall use its best efforts to cause the minimal amount of time therefor to apply before the Shareholder Approval
takes effect in accordance with applicable rules, regulations, laws, and provisions.

1

The original New Warrant certificates will be
delivered within two Trading Days following the date hereof. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in the event the exercise
of Existing Warrants would otherwise cause the Holder to exceed a beneficial ownership limitation equal to [9.99%] of the number of shares
of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon such exercise (Beneficial
Ownership Limitation), the Company shall only issue such number of Warrant Shares to the Holder that would not cause the Holder
to exceed the maximum number of Warrant Shares permitted thereunder, as directed by the Holder, with the balance to be held in abeyance
until notice from the Holder that the balance (or portion thereof) may be issued in compliance with such limitations, which abeyance
shall be evidenced through this agreement and the Existing Warrants which shall be deemed prepaid thereafter, and exercised pursuant
to a Notice of Exercise in the Existing Warrant (provided no additional exercise price shall be payable).

Expressly subject to the paragraph immediately
following this paragraph below, Holder may accept this offer by signing this letter below, with such acceptance constituting Holders
exercise in full of the Existing Warrants for an aggregate exercise price set forth on the Holders signature page hereto (the
Warrants Exercise Price) on or before 4:00 p.m. Eastern time on January 27, 2025.

Additionally, the Company agrees to the representations,
warranties and covenants set forth on Annex A attached hereto. Holder represents and warrants that, as of the date hereof
it is, and on each date on which it exercises any New Warrants, it will be an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501
of the Securities Act, and agrees that the New Warrants will contain restrictive legends when issued, and neither the New Warrants nor
the Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the New Warrants will initially be registered under the Securities Act. Also, Holder represents
and warrants that it is acquiring the New Warrants as principal for its own account and has no direct or indirect arrangement or understandings
with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of the New Warrants (this representation is not limiting Holders
right to sell the New Warrant Shares pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act or otherwise in compliance
with applicable federal and state securities laws).

2

The Holder understands that the New Warrants
and the Common Stock underlying the New Warrants are not, and may never be, registered under the Securities Act, or the securities laws
of any state and, accordingly, each certificate, if any, representing such securities shall bear a legend substantially similar to the
following:

THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED
WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT
PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION
NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY
MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT WITH A REGISTERED BROKER-DEALER OR OTHER LOAN WITH A FINANCIAL INSTITUTION
THAT IS AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

Certificates evidencing Common Stock underlying
the New Warrants shall not contain any legend (including the legend set forth above), (i) while a registration statement covering the
resale of such Common Stock is effective under the Securities Act, (ii) following any sale of such Common Stock pursuant to Rule 144
under the Securities Act, (iii) if such Common Stock is eligible for sale under Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the New Warrant),
without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information required under Rule 144 as to such Common
Stock and without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions, (iv) if such Common Stock may be sold under Rule 144 (assuming cashless
exercise of the New Warrant) and the Company is then in compliance with the current public information required under Rule 144 as to
such Common Stock, or (v) if such legend is not required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations
and pronouncements issued by the staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) and the earliest of clauses
(i) through (v), the Delegend Date)). The Company shall cause its counsel to issue a legal opinion to the transfer
agent promptly after the Delegend Date if required by the Company and/or the transfer agent to effect the removal of the legend hereunder,
or at the request of the Holder, which opinion shall be in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Holder. If such Common Stock
may be sold under Rule 144 without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information required under
Rule 144 or if such legend is not otherwise required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations
and pronouncements issued by the staff of the SEC) then such Common Stock shall be issued free of all legends. The Company agrees that
following the Delegend Date or at such time as such legend is no longer required under this Section, it will, no later than two Trading
Days following the delivery by the Holder to the Company or the transfer agent of a certificate representing the Common Stock underlying
the New Warrants issued with a restrictive legend (such second Trading Day, the Legend Removal Date), deliver or
cause to be delivered to the Holder a certificate representing such shares that is free from all restrictive and other legends or, at
the request of the Holder shall credit the account of the Holders prime broker with the Depository Trust Company System as directed
by the Holder.

3

In addition to the Holders other available
remedies, the Company shall pay to a Holder, in cash, (i) as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of New
Warrant Shares (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date such New Warrant Shares are submitted to the Transfer Agent) delivered
for removal of the restrictive legend, $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day five Trading Days after such damages have
begun to accrue) for each Trading Day after the Legend Removal Date until such certificate is delivered without a legend and (ii) if
the Company fails to (a) issue and deliver (or cause to be delivered) to the Holder by the Legend Removal Date a certificate representing
the New Warrant Shares so delivered to the Company by the Holder that is free from all restrictive and other legends and (b) if after
the Legend Removal Date the Holder purchases (in an open market transaction or otherwise) Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of
a sale by the Holder of all or any portion of the number of Common Stock, or a sale of a number of Common Stock equal to all or any portion
of the number of Common Stock that the Holder anticipated receiving from the Company without any restrictive legend, then, an amount
equal to the excess of the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions and other out-of-pocket expenses, if
any) for the Common Stock so purchased (including brokerage commissions and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any) (the Buy-In
Price) over the product of (A) such number of New Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder by
the Legend Removal Date multiplied by (B) the weighted average price at which the Holder sold that number of shares of Common Stock.

At any time during the period commencing from
the six month anniversary of the date hereof and ending at such time that all of the New Warrant Shares may be sold without the requirement
for the Company to be in compliance with Rule 144(c)(1) and otherwise without restriction or limitation pursuant to Rule 144, if there
is no effective registration statement covering the resale of all of the New Warrant Shares and the Company (i) shall fail for any reason
to satisfy the current public information requirement under Rule 144(c) or (ii) has ever been an issuer described in Rule 144(i)(1)(i)
or becomes an issuer in the future, and the Company shall fail to satisfy any condition set forth in Rule 144(i)(2) (a Public
Information Failure) then, in addition to the undersigneds other available remedies, the Company shall pay to the undersigned,
in cash, as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty, by reason of any such delay in or reduction of its ability to sell the New
Warrant Shares, an amount in cash equal to 2.0% of the aggregate Exercise Price of the undersigneds New Warrant on the day of
a Public Information Failure and on every 30th day (pro-rated for periods totaling less than thirty days) thereafter until the earlier
of (a) the date such Public Information Failure is cured and (b) such time that such public information is no longer required for
the undersigned to transfer the New Warrant Shares pursuant to Rule 144. The payments to which the undersigned shall be entitled
pursuant to this Section (g) are referred to herein as Public Information Failure Payments. Public Information Failure
Payments shall be paid on the earlier of (i) the last day of the calendar month during which such Public Information Failure Payments
are incurred and (ii) the third Trading Day after the event or failure giving rise to the Public Information Failure Payments is cured.
In the event the Company fails to make Public Information Failure Payments in a timely manner, such Public Information Failure
Payments shall bear interest at the rate of 1.5% per month (prorated for partial months) until paid in full. Nothing herein shall limit
the undersigneds right to pursue actual damages for the Public Information Failure, and the undersigned shall have the right to
pursue all remedies available to it at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive
relief.

4

From the date hereof until the end of the 45th day
following the date hereof, other than in connection with employee benefit plans or as provided below, neither the Company nor any subsidiary
of the Company shall (i) issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any Common Stock or any securities of the Company or
any subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt,
preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for,
or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock, or (ii) file any registration statement or amendment or prospectus
supplement, with the SEC other than those filed pursuant to this agreement or otherwise relating to the New Warrants, New Warrant Shares
or Existing Warrants and Warrant Shares, filings with respect to a registration statement on Form S-3 (provided that the Company shall
not file a prospectus supplement or issue any securities thereunder prior to the end of the 45 day period) or filings with respect to
a registration statement on Form S-8 in connection with any employee benefit plan.

From the date hereof until the 45th day
following the date hereof, the Company shall be prohibited from effecting or entering into an agreement to effect any issuance by the
Company nor any Subsidiary of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (or a combination of units thereof) involving a Variable Rate
Transaction. Variable Rate Transaction means a transaction in which the Company (i) issues or sells any debt or
equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include the right to receive, additional shares of Common
Stock either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate or other price that is based upon, and/or varies with, the trading
prices of or quotations for the shares of Common Stock at any time after the initial issuance of such debt or equity securities or (B)
with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt
or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company
or the market for the Common Stock or (ii) enters into, or effects a transaction under, any agreement, including, but not limited to,
an equity line of credit or an at-the-market offering, whereby the Company may issue securities at a future determined
price, regardless of whether shares pursuant to such agreement have actually been issued and regardless of whether such agreement is
subsequently canceled. The Holder shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance, which
remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect damages.

If this offer is accepted and the transaction
documents are executed on or before 3:59 p.m. ET on January 27, 2025, then on or about 5:30 p.m. ET on January 27, 2025, the Company
shall issue a press release or file a Form 8-K with the SEC disclosing all material terms of the transactions contemplated hereunder.
From and after the issuance of such press release or the filing of such Form 8-K, the Company represents to you that it shall have publicly
disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to you by the Company, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees
or agents in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder. In addition, effective upon the issuance of such press release
or the filing of such Form 8-K, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any
agreement, whether written or oral, between the Company, any of its subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, agents,
employees or Affiliates on the one hand, and you and your Affiliates on the other hand, shall terminate.

5

No later than the first Trading Day following
the date hereof (or, with respect to Warrant Shares that would otherwise be in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, within
1 Trading Day after the date the Company is notified by Holder that its ownership is less than the Beneficial Ownership Limitation),
the closing shall occur at such location as the parties shall mutually agree. Unless otherwise directed by Univest Securities, LLC (the
Placement Agent), settlement of the Warrant Shares shall occur via Delivery Versus Payment (DVP)
(i.e., on the Closing Date, the Company shall issue the Warrant Shares registered in the Holders names and addresses and released
by the Transfer Agent directly to the account(s) at the Placement Agent identified by each Holder; upon receipt of such Warrant Shares,
the Placement Agent shall promptly electronically deliver such Warrant Shares to the applicable Holder, and payment therefor shall be
made by the Placement Agent (or its clearing firm) by wire transfer to the Company). The date of the closing of the exercise of the Existing
Warrants shall be referred to as the Closing Date. The terms of the Existing Warrants, including but not limited
to the obligations to deliver the Warrant Shares, shall otherwise remain in effect as if the acceptance of this offer were a formal Notice
of Exercise (including but not limited to any liquidated damages and compensation in the event of late delivery of the Warrant Shares).

The Company shall prepare and file with the SEC
a registration statement (the Resale Registration Statement) relating to the sale of the New Warrant Shares by the
holders of the New Warrants under the Securities Act on or before the 30th calendar day following the date hereof (the Filing
Date), and use commercially reasonable best efforts to cause such registration statement to be declared effective by the SEC
as soon as practical following the Filing Date (and in any event within 120 calendar days of the date of this letter agreement) or such
shorter time as provided below (the Effectiveness Date). In the event that the Staff of the SEC notifies the Company
or its counsel that that the Resale Registration Statement is subject to no review or a limited review, the
Effectiveness Date shall be reduced to three Trading Days or 20 calendar days, respectively. The Company shall use best efforts to keep
the Resale Registration Statement effective at all times until no holder of the New Warrants owns any New Warrants or New Warrant Shares.
In the event that the Resale Registration Statement is not (i) filed by the Filing Date or (ii) declared effective by the SEC by the
Effectiveness Date, then, in addition to any other rights the holders of New Warrants may have hereunder or under applicable law, on
the Filing Date or the Effectiveness Date (each such date being referred to herein as an Event Date) and on each
monthly anniversary of such Event Date (if the Resale Registration Statement shall not have been filed or declared effective by the applicable
Event Date) until the Resale Registration Statement is filed or declared effective, the Company shall pay to each holder of New Warrants
an amount in cash, as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty, equal to the product of 1.0 multiplied by the aggregate exercise
price of the New Warrants held by each holder of the New Warrants. If the Company fails to pay any partial liquidated damages pursuant
to this Section in full within seven days after the date payable, the Company will pay interest thereon at a rate of 18% per annum (or
such lesser maximum amount that is permitted to be paid by applicable law) to the holders of the New Warrants, accruing daily from the
date such partial liquidated damages are due until such amounts, plus all such interest thereon, are paid in full. The partial liquidated
damages pursuant to the terms hereof shall apply on a daily pro rata basis for any portion of a month prior to the Resale Registration
Statement being filed or declared effective, as the case may be. If: (i) the Resale Registration Statement is not filed on or prior to
its Filing Date, or (ii) the Company fails to file with the SEC a request for acceleration of a Resale Registration Statement in accordance
with Rule 461 promulgated by the SEC pursuant to the Securities Act, within one Trading Day of the date that the Company or its counsel
is notified (orally or in writing, whichever is earlier) by the SEC Staff that such Resale Registration Statement will not be reviewed
or will not be subject to further review, or (iii) prior to the effective date of a Resale Registration Statement, the Company fails
to file a pre-effective amendment and otherwise respond in writing to comments made by the SEC Staff in respect of such Resale Registration
Statement within 10 calendar days after the receipt of comments by or notice from the SEC Staff that such amendment is required in order
for such Resale Registration Statement to be declared effective, or (iv) a Resale Registration Statement registering for resale all of
the Registrable Securities is not declared effective by the SEC by the Effectiveness Date of the Resale Registration Statement (provided
that, if the Resale Registration Statement does not allow for the resale of (the Registrable Securities) Securities
at prevailing market prices (i.e., only allows for fixed price sales), the Company shall have been deemed to have not satisfied this
clause) or (v) after the effective date of a Registration Statement, such Registration Statement ceases for any reason to remain continuously
effective as to all Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement, or the Holders are otherwise not permitted to utilize
the Prospectus therein to resell such Registrable Securities, for more than 10 consecutive calendar days or more than an aggregate of
15 calendar days (which need not be consecutive calendar days) during any 12-month period (any such failure or breach being referred
to as an Event, and for purposes of clauses (i) and (iv), the date on which such Event occurs, and for purpose of
clause (ii) the date on which such five Trading Day period is exceeded, and for purpose of clause (iii) the date which such 10 calendar
day period is exceeded, and for purpose of clause (v) the date on which such 10 or 15 calendar day period, as applicable, is exceeded
being referred to as Event Date), then, in addition to any other rights the Holders may have hereunder or under
applicable law, on each such Event Date and on each monthly anniversary of each such Event Date (if the applicable Event shall not have
been cured by such date) until the applicable Event is cured, the Company shall pay to each Holder an amount in cash, as partial liquidated
damages and not as a penalty, equal to the product of 2.0% multiplied by the aggregate Subscription Amount paid by such Holder pursuant
to the Letter Agreement. If the Company fails to pay any partial liquidated damages pursuant to this Section in full within seven days
after the date payable, the Company will pay interest thereon at a rate of 18% per annum (or such lesser maximum amount that is permitted
to be paid by applicable law) to the Holder, accruing daily from the date such partial liquidated damages are due until such amounts,
plus all such interest thereon, are paid in full. The partial liquidated damages pursuant to the terms hereof shall apply on a daily
pro rata basis for any portion of a month prior to the cure of an Event.

[Signature Page Follows]

6

Sincerely yours, 

PMGC HOLDINGS INC. 

By: 

Name: Graydon Bensler 

Title: Chief Executive Officer and 

Chief Financial Officer 

Accepted and Agreed to:

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Number of Series A Warrants Exercised 

Number of Series B 2023 Warrants Exercised 

Aggregate Existing Warrant Exercise Price $

New Warrants: (100% of total Existing Warrants being exercised): 

Existing Warrant Beneficial Ownership Blocker: [9.99%]

New Warrant Beneficial Ownership Blocker: [4.99%]

DTC Instructions: 

7

Annex A

Representations, Warranties
and Covenants of the Company. The Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to the Holder:

SEC Reports. The Company has filed all
reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by the Company under the Exchange Act, including pursuant
to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the one year preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by
law or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference
therein SEC Reports). As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements
of the Exchange Act and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading. The Company has never been an issuer subject to Rule 144(i) under the Securities Act.

Authorization; Enforcement. The Company
has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this letter agreement
and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of this letter agreement by the Company
and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the
part of the Company and no further action is required by the Company, its board of directors or its shareholders in connection therewith.
This letter agreement has been duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute
the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by
general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application
affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance,
injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable
law.

No Conflicts. The execution, delivery
and performance of this letter agreement by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby do
not and will not: (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws
or other organizational or charter documents; or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of
time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any liens, claims, security interests, other encumbrances
or defects upon any of the properties or assets of the Company in connection with, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment,
acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any material agreement, credit facility, debt or other
material instrument (evidencing Company debt or otherwise) or other material understanding to which such Company is a party or by which
any property or asset of the Company is bound or affected; or (iii) conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation,
order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company is subject (including
federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Company is bound or affected, except, in
the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse effect upon
the business, prospects, properties, operations, condition (financial or otherwise) or results of operations of the Company, taken as
a whole, or in its ability to perform its obligations under this letter agreement.

8

Trading Market. The transactions contemplated under this letter
agreement comply with all the rules and regulations of The Nasdaq Capital Market.

Filings, Consents and Approvals. The Company
is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice to, or make any filing or registration with,
any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated
or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision
thereof) or other entity of any kind in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the transactions contemplated
hereby, including reducing the Exercise Price of the Existing Warrants and issuing the Warrant Shares, other than: (i) the filings required
to register the New Warrant Shares, (ii) the filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission of the prospectus supplement to the Registration
Statements if such prospectus supplement has not yet been filed, (iii) the submission of a Listing of Additional Shares application with
The Nasdaq Capital Market for the issuance of the New Warrant Shares in the time and manner required thereby, (iv) the Shareholder Approval
for the exercise of the New Warrants and (v) such filings as are required to be made under applicable state securities laws. For the
avoidance of doubt, no further shareholder approval is required to reduce the Exercise Price of the Existing Warrants and issue the Exercised
Shares pursuant to the terms of this Letter Agreement.

Listing of Common Stock. The Company hereby
agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the listing or quotation of the Common Stock on the Trading Market on which
it is currently listed, and concurrently with the Closing, the Company shall apply to list or quote all of the New Warrant Shares on
such Trading Market and promptly secure the listing of all of the New Warrant Shares on such Trading Market. The Company further agrees,
if the Company applies to have the Common Stock traded on any other Trading Market, it will then include in such application all of the
New Warrant Shares, and will take such other action as is necessary to cause all of the New Warrant Shares to be listed or quoted on
such other Trading Market as promptly as possible. The Company will then take all action reasonably necessary to continue the listing
and trading of its Common Stock on a Trading Market and will comply in all respects with the Companys reporting, filing and other
obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Trading Market. The Company agrees to maintain the eligibility of the Common Stock for electronic
transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation, including, without limitation, by timely payment
of fees to the Depository Trust Company or such other established clearing corporation in connection with such electronic transfer.

Form D; Blue Sky Filings. If required,
the Company agrees to timely file a Form D with respect to the New Warrants and New Warrant Shares as required under Regulation D and
to provide a copy thereof, promptly upon request of any Purchaser. The Company shall take such action as the Company shall reasonably
determine is necessary in order to obtain an exemption for, or to qualify the New Warrants and New Warrant Shares for, sale to the Holder
at Closing under applicable securities or Blue Sky laws of the states of the United States, and shall provide
evidence of such actions promptly upon request of any Holder.

9

Exhibit A

Form of Warrant

[Attached]

10
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>elab-20250127.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>elab-20250127_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block] 

Entity Information, Former Legal or Registered Name
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>elab-20250127_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 27, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 27, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41875

Entity Registrant Name PMGC Holdings Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001840563

Entity Tax Identification Number 33-2382547

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One c/o 120 Newport Center Drive

Entity Address, Address Line Two Ste. 250

Entity Address, City or Town Newport Beach

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 92660

City Area Code 866

Local Phone Number 794-4940

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $0.0001 par value

Trading Symbol ELAB

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Entity Information, Former Legal or Registered Name Elevai Labs Inc.

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Former Legal or Registered Name of an entity+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityInformationFormerLegalOrRegisteredName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
25 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://pmgcholdings.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0228858-8k_pmgc.htm 
elab-20250127.xsd 
elab-20250127_lab.xml 
elab-20250127_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-007029-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>ea0228858-8k_pmgc_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001840563 

2025-01-27 
2025-01-27 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001840563 
8-K 
2025-01-27 
PMGC Holdings Inc. 
NV 
001-41875 
33-2382547 
c/o 120 Newport Center Drive 
Ste. 250 
Newport Beach 
CA 
92660 
866 
794-4940 
Elevai Labs Inc. 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.0001 par value 
ELAB 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>